A wet date to the cinema

Author: WetNick88

*000*2024-04-19 16:29

A true story of a wet date some years ago with another member of a different forum.

The preamble:

He could still hardly believe she had agreed to meet. They had met in an online chat room - do you remember ThePool? Were you there too? Didn't we have fun typing, holding, wetting and wanking to complete strangers we could not see with weird and wonderful nicknames?

Anyway, they had got chatting after he realised they had both posted to the Experience Project. She had posted some very cute pics of her shorts wetting escapades, both in her room and in the outdoors, which he had found very sexy indeed, who wouldn't in fact, and they had had a couple of long exchanges in the chat room including one 'live omorashi' type exchange when she was on a London night bus desperate to pee. He had told her about an experience many years ago when he caught a late night bus back from a night out in London all the way to Oxford and how there had been no loo on board, no stops, and fortunately, only a few other passengers. He had tried hard to hold it but eventually had to admit defeat, pulling his cords down (yes, it was that long ago!) and pissing through his already very damp white y fronts onto the seat beneath him, then struggling to remove his wet pants and pull his trousers back up without anyone seeing.

While he had recounted this tale she had given him minute by minute updates on the state of her desperation on the bus, and who was around her. By the time she had to get off her panties were dripping and it was lucky she had a skirt on or it would have been obvious she'd had an accident.

The next time they "chatted" Nick was feeling braver than usual - he'd probably had a drink or two - and after they had both climaxed in their wet clothes, he typed "How about a wet date sometime?" and nervously pressed send. The reply took a while, but when it came he couldn't quite believe it "Sure, why not? That would be cool, what do you have in mind?" Well, he hadn't thought that far ahead of course! "What about a movie, do you remember that story we were reading about the girl who lost control in the cinema, we could both turn up desperate to pee and take things from there..."

The date:

Nick hurried towards the tiny cinema that was buried amongst the offices and retail outlets in a rundown part of South London. He had left his suit and work stuff in a cheap hostel on Peckham High street that he’d found he could book for a daytime rate, but was already a bit late for the movie. He wondered if she would be there waiting, or would she get cold feet, and would she accompany him back to the hostel afterwards. He checked his phone again, still no text.

The film was due to start any moment as he rounded the corner and dove into the corridor leading to the screens. He could already feel the effect of the two coffees earlier and the coke he had drunk on the train. As the corridor turned right there was a long bench seat and - was it her? - a young black woman looking at her phone. He reached into his pocket for his just as he saw her starting to type. "Amelia?"

She started, looked up, confusion on her face. "Oh, yeah, that's me, yeah, um Nick?" Guess she is using an alias too, thought Nick, before replying, "Yes, that's me, wow, so glad you're here, sorry I'm a bit late."

"That's cool, only been here a few minutes, have you go t the tickets?"

"No, not yet, I'll just go to the counter, you wait here"

Nick moved to the counter to buy the tickets. "You want anything to drink?" he asked over his shoulder. "Yeah, let's get some cokes" came the reply. He hardly needed more fluid, he was busting already, but dutifully returned with two tickets and two large cokes. "Shall we?"

They took their place inside the small theatre, just a couple of others were in there closer to the front, and they took a couple of seats in the back row, although still only a few rows back from the screen.

"This is cosy," said Nick, "is this ok?"

In response she took his arm and snuggled in to his side. The film was already starting, and the lights went down.

To be continued....

*001*2024-04-20 09:51

Part 2 - The denouement (written while desperate)

The film was already starting, and the lights went down.

Nick couldn't really focus on the film at all, not that he was particularly bothered. Here was this young attractive woman snuggling up to him in the darkened cinema and actually all he could think about was his growing need to pee. Just how long could he hold it?

He could feel Amelia shifting in her seat too, just as he was. He didn't know whether to say anything, or what the acceptable thing to do was on a 'wet date', but for now he was determined to hold his pee for as long as he possibly could. Damn, he should have brought something to protect the cinema seats, old and battered though they were, it didn't seem right to just piss all over them. Maybe they should go to the toilets before they disgraced themselves totally.

It must have been 20 minutes into the film - although it seemed to Nick like an hour - when Amelia shifted more violently in her seat. "Nick," she whispered, "I'm desperate to pee". Nick felt the blood rushing to his dick, which made his need slightly less, as he leaned into her and whispered back "you re not alone, here, can I help you hold?" And pushing his hand into her crotch boldly. "mmmmm" she murmured, that feels good, and then she was twisting in her seat, her hand moving to his crotch and her lips to his.

Nick was in heaven. Here he was, snogging in the back row like a teenager with a lovely young woman who was clearly about to piss her knickers. His hand went under her skirt and his fingers began to stroke her pussy through her already damp knickers. His dick was hard beneath her hand but he was bursting and didn't know how much longer he could hold. As he felt her spurt into her knickers, he kissed her harder, his tongue deep into her mouth, as he felt his own defences give way and piss start to flow slowly, tightly, into his crotch (just as is happening now while I type!)

Both their trickles quickly increased, and he thought he heard a dripping onto the floor beneath them. (Just fetching a towel to protect my seat here!) His hand was now inside her knickers, rubbing her clit and feeling the urine flowing freely now as her breathing quickened. He was soaked (I'm still holding it here, just) and her hand had undone his jeans and was frigging him furiously inside his sodden pants.

(I just lost it here, God it feels good to let go! - but I will have to finish this later 😉 )

*004*2024-08-06 07:48

{{On 8/4/2024 at 2:13 PM, Bunny7man said:

This is an amazing scenario.

}}

It certainly was. I can’t really believe it actually happened or that we dared to go through with it. Got to be my most memorable and outrageous sexual experience.

