W Series: Trick or Treat

Author: Wet19

*000*2017-11-02 01:05

Hi all, this is another fictional story about something I wish my wife would do.

As the sun touches the horizon we all meet at the front door for some trick-or-treating on Halloween night. My wife is bundled in several layers to keep warm. I am in jeans with long johns under and a coat. Our five year old daughter is dressed up all cute in her princess costume, energized and super excited. We step out the front door and I lock it behind us as our daughter bounces and gabs about all of the candy she's going to collect. We head off together and first start in our own neighborhood.

"Trick or treat!" she says presenting her princess bag to the middle aged woman dressed as a bumble bee at the door.

"Why aren't you just adorable?!?" the woman exclaims with a smile as she drops a couple pieces of candy into the bag. Our daughter smiles excitedly.

"What do you say?" I chime in from a few feet back as our daughter turns to leave.

"Oh, thank you!" she shouts over her shoulder in her tiny girl voice.

"You're welcome!" the lady pronounces as she shuts the door.

This process continued for nearly an hour and a half before we found ourselves quite far from home and in a slight predicament. By now the sun had gone down and the streets were illuminated by the street lamps placed just slightly too far apart, intermittent porch lights, ominous jack-o-lanterns in creepy decorated displays, and scattered glowing costume props. There was a slight mist in the air and the faint smell of popcorn. As our daughter approached the door of a house, my wife and I stood halfway up the driveway. She leaned to me and muttered in my ear "We should head back, I really need to pee." I responded quite casually with "ok, we'll start working our way that direction."

Fifteen minutes later, my wife was bouncing slightly as we stood in another driveway. She asked me "How long until we get home? I don't know this neighborhood." I know it well. I frequently run or ride my bike around here. Doing some quick mental calculations I respond "Probably about 45 minutes. We're pretty far. Maybe 20 minutes if we don't stop at any more houses." My wife groaned "uhg." As our daughter walked toward us with a large grin and a heavy bag of candy, I instantly realized my opportunity.

As we stood in the next driveway, I made the suggestion: "You should just pee your pants. No one will know and then you won't be aching to hold it."

"No!" she said harshly as she shot me a dagger ridden glance.

"You're wearing like twenty layers of pants and the outermost are waterproof snow pants, nobody will ever know!"

She cocked her head and glared at me "Four layers. I'm only wearing four layers."

I grabbed her butt to emphasize my next point: "Waterproof. And you don't want to make her quit early, look how much fun she's having!"

Our daughter was again walking back toward us with her huge adorable grin holding her princess bag that looked like it might actually contain a princess as this point. We walked to the next house and this time we stood further down the driveway out of the porch light.

"Fine, you win." my wife said as she conceded to my suggestion. "Ahhh....it's so warm....."

I quickly hardened in my pants as I looked down and saw two glistening streams of pee flowing generously from the bottom of her pant legs, over her shoes, and onto the pavement.

"Ahh...relief..." she said. I watched the pool around her feet slowly grow for a couple more seconds, then the streams died. Suddenly my wife nudged me. I looked up and saw our daughter walking down the driveway. We let her take the lead and headed down the sidewalk to the next house. As we walked my wife put her hand on my crotch and felt my hardness. I looked at her, she smiled and winked as she gave a gentle squeeze. We eyes shot past her and I instantly noticed a dark corner behind a bush and under a tree where we could-- my thoughts were interrupted as my wife quickly drew her hand back and I heard the pitter patter of children's footsteps in front of us. Another couple was standing at the base of the driveway we were approaching watching their two kids run up to the door. We stood next to them as our daughter sprinted to catch up.

"Happy halloween!" the man said to us. We smiled feeling quite naughty at the thought of their unknowingness of our deeds.

"Happy halloween!" I replied "How old are you kids?" I asked in an attempt to break from my usual introvert personality. We talked for a minute until our children returned to us, then we all moved on.

Forty minutes passed and just as I had predicted, we were across the street from our neighborhood. Two more houses then we'd be done for the night. My pockets sagged as I had stuffed them with candy so that our daughter could fit more into her bag. As we stood at the base of the driveway, my wife muttered in my ear "I'm peeing again." My eyes jolted to her feet and again I hardened as I watched the beautiful liquid stream from both of her pant legs. "Ahhh...." she sighed in relief. The puddle she left was a bit smaller than last time, but it was no less exciting. My wife nudged me before the streams had died completely and we moved on to the last house.

A few minutes later, we had crossed the street and were entering our own house. We all sat on the couch, my wife still wearing her wet pants, and quickly looked through all of the candy to make sure it was safe. We let our daughter have one piece, then put the rest in the a kitchen cupboard and headed upstairs to get ready for bed.

"Can you help her out of her costume while I go get cleaned up?" my wife asked on the stairs. "Sure" I replied, though I longed to see and feel each layer of those pants she was wearing. I took our daughter into her room and helped her remove her dress. Underneath I discovered she had peed her pants as well at some point during trick-or-treating. Actually, judging from the stains, it looked like she had done it twice, one of them quite recently as her pants were still wet. I decided to not say anything about it and waited in the hall for her to dress herself for bed. She called me in and I tucked her into bed.

In our bedroom I found my wife laying in bed. Slightly disappointed, I headed toward the bathroom to pee my jeans and then change, but then: "Hubby!" she said in a drawn out ,soft and flirtatious tone. Instantly recognizing what was going on, I changed course to the bed and yanked back the covers. She had removed all her shirts revealing her bright red lacy bra sensationally highlighting her large breasts. Her hands were plunged into her four layers of pants and, presumably, her panties. The many layers did a good job of masking her movements, but I could tell she was pleasing herself.

My bladder was full and I was trying hard to pee myself, but I was already too hard and couldn't get any out. She looked down at the bulge on the front of my pants, then back into my eyes and winked. I smiled as I received the message and began to strip. Her breathing became heavier with each piece of clothing I removed. I stepped onto the bed and stood over her, straddling with my feet on either side of her legs. She stared at my long hard penis began to squirm as she shifted from simply touching to full masturbation. I bent down and slowly pulled off her first layer of pants. Below was a pair of gray sweatpants, disappointingly dry on the outside.

I removed the sweatpants and was greeted warmly with black, pee soaked yoga pants, which I admired intimately. I removed them and found the grand prize: gray yoga pants with hardly a dry spot to be found. My penis throbbed as stared at the beautiful sight of my gorgeous sexy wife masturbating in pee soaked pants. I ran my hands over all of her wet areas. She moaned slightly as she neared climax. I watched intently with an almost overpowering desire to masturbate myself, but I kept my hands stuck to her pee like it was glue. Her body tensed and she fought hard to stifle her loud moaning as she orgasmed. I watched with satisfaction as her bliss began to calm. Quickly she ripped off her pants and panties.

That was my cue. I got down between her legs and slid myself inside of her. The wrapped her arms around me and thrust her tongue into my mouth, muffling the moaning sounds she hadn't stopped making. I humped her vigorously. Soon, we were breathing too heavy to kiss. She tightly gripped the sheets next to her and a moment later she was moaning again as she reached a second climax. I kissed her intermittently to try to muffle her sexy sounds as she had now lost the control to stifle them herself. My turn to climax and I filled her with my seed. We laid in our sweat soaked bed, me still inside her, for a couple minutes before finally getting up to shower. We got in the shower together and my bladder finally got its relief: I peed on my wife's legs before we washed ourselves. It was a good night.

*005*2017-11-03 20:08

{{11 hours ago, Manowar said:

Perfectly written. Thanks. To be honest, I have very similar fantasies. Unfortunately my significant other is not into omo.

}}

Thanks! My wife is not into it either.

