A Holding Contest or, A Fairy Tale

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2018-09-26 15:49

I've started this story before but it's been fairly extensively reworked. And I've got the rest of it drafted now if people are keen.

A small crowd of men and women had gathered around the fairy at the cozy dockside bar in Anderthall. She was only a few inches above five feet, pale, and slim near to frailty. Her transparent and shimmering wings were unfurled to catch the eye. In some places this might have been a threatening scene but here, out on one of those rocky islands far from the world, fairies were welcome. Welcome for their news. Welcome for their stories.

“All fairies know that a good story starts whenever it needs to,” The fairy recited, “And this story starts in the dust-cracked arena of a nameless town right on the edge of the Limits."

"They have a kind of a peshtak in this nameless town, a ritual competition, you don’t have the precise word.” She smiled and continued in an engaging voice that suggested long practice at telling tales, “There is gold involved on the side. And I knew that I could win."

The Anders nodded sagely to each other and whispered knowingly about the perils of gambling with fairies as the barmaid placed both a stein of foaming bitter ale and a medicine glass of twice-filtered absinthe in front the fairy reverently. She didn't know what the story-teller would prefer and didn't want to break the spell by asking. Regardless the fairy wouldn't be paying for her own drinks.

"But first I need to tell you about magic. About how I got my magic. I grew up down in the Folk Ghetto by the mud-banks of the great city of Mouth, before the exile, of course. There isn't anything there now, or so I've heard, just decaying shacks sliding down into the sea. Apparently the Spiteful Empress tried to get her loyal subjects to repopulate the ghetto. But they feared that we had contaminated the place with our long residence and quietly ignored the call. Those that tried were haunted by long persecuted ghosts and slid into the sea themselves. Or so I've heard.

But when I was growing up in the Folk Ghetto it was filled to bursting with other fairies carrying out their lives. And filled with decaying shacks sliding down into the sea of course. Less things in this world change than people think.

My mother, my sister, and I shared the uppermost floor of a narrow house near the tannery. It was an attic really. Just extra boards crowded up to make a floor among the beams. It wasn't much, though more than some had.

One night I woke up with a familiar pressing need to pass water. I had always dreaded this. Our building had no interior facilities so I would have to fold down the stairs to our apartment, creep through the levels of the house, and dash across the unevenly bricked-in courtyard to the rickety outhouse in the dark. An unpleasant task for everyone. But I was an imaginative child, even for one of the folk, and in my mind all sorts of horrors lurked between my bed and the outhouse; Snatchers to whisk me away, Blighters to rip my soul clean off, common thieves to accost me for gold or virtue. I'm afraid I very seldom had the courage to brave such a gauntlet. Instead I would usually remain curled-up in my bed and attempt to hold my waters until morning. Sometimes I couldn’t.

But this particular night was different. I found myself wishing. not for the first time, that instead of having to find the courage to venture to the outhouse I could simply not need to pass water. And all of a sudden I just didn't. I'd removed the liquid from my bladder with my magics. I was overjoyed at finding a most Gordian solution to my nightly dilemma. I knew my sister would be devastated that she wouldn't have my bed-wetting to tease me about any longer: for that was one of her great joys in life.

And then I had a mischievous idea.

If I could remove the liquid from my own bladder, did that mean I could add liquid to the bladder of another? I looked over at the softly snoring form of my sister, her wings tucked snugly at her sides. We had no windows but the roof had enough holes that in the moonlight I could just barely make her out. I'd never done anything like this before, my magic had only just started to come in, until this night I'd only practiced subtlety affecting the flow of poured water. I'd never even heard of someone changing the contents of a bladder, even yet I haven't. But still I reached out to her with my magic and... well I did the opposite of what I had just done to myself. I filled her.

Even in the dark I could see her leap fairly out of her bed. The sudden pressure in her bladder must have woken her. I expected to see her dash across the boards and hear the stairs being opened beneath us. But instead she stood motionless. And then I heard it. A hissing like the end of a hosepipe under pressure but not quite clamped shut and a hard patter like rain on a shingled roof. It took me a moment to realise that my sister was wetting her nightclothes. The revenge felt so sweet. To be able to tease her for having an accident, and she two years older than myself. It felt like a drug. And like a drug it was irresistible. I'm afraid that overfilling my sister's bladder became a habit, a pastime. I got practiced at it. I learned the rate at which to fill her so that she wouldn't wake before she burst.

I told her the day of the exile, five years later. Both of us young women by that time. I had my heart set on making a name in the Limits, she was going north. By that time our mother was two summers dead of a wasting sickness. She confessed the petty pranks she had fooled me with, and I confessed mine. She was apoplectic. For years she had tried everything she could think of to bring an end to her bed-wetting; limiting her fluids, foul and sweet herbs from the apothecary, dozens of hanging, whispering, charms from the charlatans on the pier. And all she ever had to do was stop sleeping near me. She spat such curses at me I'd have doubted she knew.

I had won.

And I have never seen her again."

The fairy laughed easily, defusing the tension she had deliberately built. Letting the men and women who had moved their chairs around the fairy's table to better listen to her story feel that diffusion. The barmaid cleared a succession of empty glasses and replaced them with fresh offerings unobtrusively. The fairy lifted her voice marginally to accommodate the people who couldn't get close enough to hear an ordinary conversation.

It took me nearly a year to reach the very edge of the Limits, that wild place where the animals are as cunning as men and the men as bestial as animals. I had many adventures reaching that place, of course, but those stories are not this story.

I found myself in an unnamed town perched at the top of a crumbling cliff that towered above a vast and endless desert below. I could see amongst the rubble far below the remnants of structures that demonstrated that the unnamed town had at one time been far larger, before the encroachment of the cliff. Perhaps it had even had a name.

I spent the evening in a bar. Somewhat like this one, but without the people. I sat at the bar itself and mostly failed to converse with the barman, and ancient man with the horns and beard of a goat. I drank quite a bit of the rancid swill the barman pretended was beer. A lot really. Sizing up the town. Getting a feel for it. What opportunities it might present. They don't appreciate stories in the Limits. Too savage. Too incurious.

"You're gonna end up pissin' on yourself if you don't take it easy on that beer missy," the bartender bleated at me.

I was insulted. I had never once "ended up pissing on myself" since my magics came in. I'm sure an ordinary woman would have visited the facilities three times over but I'd been idly using my magics to drain myself. Never do anything that you don't have to. In fairness to the bartender though, he hardly knew that I would have magics. That's the thing about the simple people who live out in the limits; they don't know a thing about fairies. He would have just assumed my wings stemmed from the same profane source as his horns or his neighbors scales.

"I can hold my waters better than you think!", I declared boastfully. "I can easily wait right here another hour."

The bartender only scoffed.

"I'll bet you a piece that I can!" I offered in a tone that I hoped suggested recklessness.

His eyes lit up at that, "Ok. A piece that you can't! But if you piss all over my floor you're cleaning it up in the bargain."

Of course I could have easily won that piece. I could just magic away my waters for days on end if I wanted to. But that wasn't the point.

It was harder out in the Limits though. I don't know why. Less water? Less magic? Less fairies? I asked a reader once, but he didn't know. Maybe no one does. But regardless, it was still manageable.

I allowed myself to get truly desperate. It was an unusual feeling for someone not used to it. I only ever did when running this trick. It came on quickly, courtesy of the many beers I had imbibed. Within fifteen minutes I allowed myself to bounce around on my stool as my filling bladder made me uncomfortable. Now, you might be wondering why I didn't just keep myself comfortable and pretend to badly need a washroom. There's a simple answer; a lie is always more convincing when it is only just barely a lie.

So I sat on my stool and writhed in discomfort until I felt sure I was about to burst and make a puddle on the bar-room floor. At that point I blushed and ran out the back to a very welcome relief.

When I returned the bartender wore an enormous grin, "Lotsa tough talk amountin' to nothin'!", he chortled at me.

I mimicked tipsy outrage, "You just caught me on a bad day! I swear I can hold my water longer than anyone! I bet you I can hold my waters longer than you!"

"I don't doubt it," He admitted easily, "I'm an old man. Complete with the bladder and prostate of an old man."

"Your second then!" I declared wildly, "I can hold my waters better than everyone in this whole damned town!"

I was angling for a simple holding contest. I'd won dozens over the years. Cheating makes it easy. Here no one would ever make a bet with a fairy. I live on my stories as a welcome guest. But in the Limits... I said they have no head for tales. They fell for every shakedown and scam I ever pitched. It was all too easy. I had to leave. But that's another story.

The barman rolled his eyes, "So compete in the Hutag peshtak then. You've got nothing, but I'm sure you'll put on a show."

I'd never heard of a Hutag peshtak. It turns out it's a local ritual. Every town has them. Like a celebration of turnip wine culminating in a wrestling match featuring stockings or a festival of cattle bones glued into monsters to scare away bigger and darker things. This particular town ritual involves the strength of a woman's ability to control her waters. Apparently it reflects the extent of her faith. But that isn't true of course. Rituals are habits. They are just a thing that is done because it has always been done. Usually.

I didn't care about the justification for the peshtak. I cared that the bartender was more than happy to bet against me.

"Make it 1000. Easiest money I'll ever make." I meant that. Like I said, just barely a lie.

The peshtak wasn't to be held for a moon. I spent that month in the bar. Making bets. I was going to own half the town after I won.

And I expected to win smoothly and easily.

But I wouldn't be telling this story if the contest had gone either smoothly or easily."

The fairy spread her wings wide and fluttered them like a matador's cape. The bar was packed to standing room and every ear was waiting for her to continue. But she took her time drinking her latest offering and smiling quickly at the barmaid, who blushed at the attention.

*008*2018-10-05 13:56

{{On 9/27/2018 at 4:21 AM, Keita123 said:I remember this story.

And just like back then, I feel bad for the sister.

}}

I remember! I feel bad for her too! I get the sense you are going to feel bad for the protagonist of the story I’m dropping after this one, because I feel awful for her.

{{On 9/27/2018 at 4:25 AM, Melificentfan said:

This is great so far

}}

Thanks!

{{On 9/27/2018 at 4:39 AM, wedgeantilles said:

I'd definitly like to read more of this story!

And I agree, I feel bad for the sister too - seems quite harsh to kill familiar bondings like that...

}}

I imagine that she isn’t really a better person than the protagonist. Fairies seldom are you know. :) From a human perspective anyway.

{{On 9/27/2018 at 6:18 AM, Markj9494 said:

Wow, this was a great set up. Cant wait to read more. Really love this sort of story with bladder manipulation too.

}}

Bladder manipulation was the key thread I wanted to explore here. Not really my thing but I like this setting a bit. :)

{{On 9/27/2018 at 1:46 PM, Earbudsplunge said:

This was a great start. I'd definitely love to read the rest of it!

}}

Soon! :) It’s a bit harder to write than most stories for some reason.

{{On 10/4/2018 at 1:38 PM, Manowar said:

Fantastic. I really like this type of fairy tale. This is just the begining, isn't it?

}}

It’s the first half. There is a second half that is currently fully outlined and about a quarter drafted.

{{10 hours ago, Ghostblade913 said:

That was ...... amazing. I wish I could write something as well as this

}}

Thanks! My secret is extensive practice, eventually I got half decent :p

