DVa Wrecks

Author: wetdiaperlover

*000*2018-09-02 00:22

This story is not mine!!!! I commissioned this from a DeviantArt user to satisfy a need for a Dva diaper story. All credit goes to him! Check him out, he does art and stories! https://www.deviantart.com/dl-secret

Shooting Stars… it was more than just a phrase. To everyone in Korea it was the show everyone tuned in to watch. And there you would see Hana Song, honored for her bravery against the Omnics. DVa was her heroic name, but Hana didn’t care about that. All she cared about was working to protect her city.

In the mechanic room a bright suit made of blue and pink stood out. DVa wore her suit with pride as she worked on her mech. She had been working so much, she rarely had time to herself. She and her squad were one of the only walls between the Omnics who wished for total destruction, and the peaceful citizens.

Hana screwed in a few more bolts on her newly fixed up mech, as she stood back to marvel at her work. She bent down and placed the tool on the cart next to her, and a strange crinkle sound came from her suit. Hana smiled softly, lightly brushing up against her own backside. Hana didn’t have enough time for herself, which included the bathroom. She had been wearing diapers for months now, just going in them when in the heat of battle. Dae-hyun wasn’t impressed with her decision, and neither was the rest of the squad. But it was better than going in her pants, at least she’d be prepared.

She started to notice her control of her body wavering slightly, but she did it to protect her homeland. Not only that but Hana knew she could look adorable even in a completely soaked diaper. Speaking of that, she was completely drenched right now. Hana let out a soft sigh as she prodded her soaked diaper through her suit. She had just got back from a rather intense mission. She closed her eyes as she recalled what had happened only hours ago.

Her comrades were in a bit of pinch so Hana had come in to help. They were surrounded by multiple Omnic threats, but Hana wasn’t easily intimidated. She swooped in with her Defense Matrix up and blocked the incoming fire to join her squad.

“Thanks for that” One of her fellow pilots spoke through the com-link they had open.

“I thought you guys could take care of this on your own?” Hana quipped, with the self confidence she was known for.

“Yeah yeah, get your fluffy tail in there and help draw the fire from those guys” He replied back, giving her the run down.

DVa didn’t have to be told twice, putting her mech into gear and diving in. She shotgun blasted some of the offensive forces, causing them to back off and regroup. Using a barrage of her missiles she destroyed some separated stragglers. Before DVa could celebrate she got hit from behind. Her vehicle shook violently as she noticed mechanical limbs wrap itself around her mech. The crash was so sudden that Hana almost peed herself there and then. Hana grunted and groaned as she hadn’t had the time to use the bathroom in hours. All that soda had gone right through her.

As the surprise Omnic wrapped itself around her mech it started to squeeze tightly. Hana could feel her body being pushed against the back of her own mech. Her thruster button was jammed and she couldn’t break free. The mech struggled to break free up instead it ended up leaving very little air for Hana. She gasped, starting to feel light headed. Her knees trembled as felt a small amount of urine flow into her diaper.

Luckily it wasn’t a ton or it would be glaringly noticeable when her wet diaper expanded. Suddenly Hana felt the Omnic loosen its grip on her mech. She snapped back to reality as the com-link spoke to her.

“Those missiles were a direct hit, get out of there Hana!” One of her female companions called to her.

Hana followed up effortlessly, using her thrusters to break free and then spinning around for the kill shot. She lit the mechanical terror up, causing it to burst into flames. Her comrades swooped in and finished the creature off.

“Hey, what happened to all that spunk you just had?” Her friend teased.

“Oh please, accidents happen. Even to the best” Hana reached back and gently touched her backside.

With a soft plop she pressed up against her seat, causing the wet diaper to squish against her. It would be better when she fully peed herself. After that the team returned to base, much of them retired to their rooms. The skirmish had been waged all through the night, it was natural some would be tired. Not Hana though, she was still dying for a leak.

Hana wiped some grease off her face as she figured it was time for a break. More like a bathroom break. Hana finally let go what she had been holding in, her diaper turned warm as she was brought back to the present. The warm flow of urine continued for awhile, causing her diaper to create an embarrassing bulge towards the bottom. Her suit stretched oh so slightly, making it obvious more than ever now that her diaper was soaked. Hana relished in the feeling, finally feeling the relief she longed for. The warm enveloping her crouch she wished would never go away. But that would have to wait, she had worked through dinner.

After sitting down to dinner she decided to debrief what happened into her camera for documentation, like she had always done with her missions. She would always sneak in stuff about her diapers but then edit it out in the final version. She was sure the others had caught her talking about diapers to her camera before, but she didn’t care. They were her friends and colleagues so she knew they’d never tell. Who would even believe them? “And this is a very soggy Hana Song, signing off for the day. Remember to always take precautions, accidents can happen to anyone” Giggling to herself she stopped recording, finishing her session. She cracked open a can of soda with her own likeness on it. Looking at herself on the can she couldn’t help up laugh.

“Wait, this isn’t right. There should be a big diaper riiiight… there heh heh” Hana pointed at her backside on the can.

Once she was finished with doing that she figured it would be a good time to just relax with the rest of her time. As DVa sat on her bed she rummaged for her headset, planning on getting her game on. As she rooted around for it she felt a twinge of something. DVa felt herself pee a bit more into her already soaked diaper. She looked down and noticed her diaper puffing out from under her outfit now. The bulge was so embarrassing… but it felt so right. Now she could be perverted, and no one could stop her.

DVa couldn’t stop herself from groping herself through her suit, squishing the now bloated diaper with her hand. Hana massaged her breast in her other hand, not getting much stimulation through it. Wanting to get closer to her body she reached to undo the zipper around her suit. Much to her surprise, the zipper didn’t budge.

“W- What? This has to be a joke… right?” Hana thought aloud.

Hana hadn’t gone for days, and she had been feeling the urge to poop. She felt an energy flowing in her suit, her trying to undo it must have triggered something. Suddenly Hana didn’t feel too good. She stumbled to her feet, catching herself on her drawer.

“W- What is this?” Hana managed to mumble.

She realized that the Omnic must have done something to her suit when it latched onto her, not only that but her body. DVa stood where she was, entranced by the call of nature.

“W- What if I let this happen? H... How would it feel in my diaper?” She stated, feeling ready to burst at this point.

The delay she took was enough and she felt something give. She leaned on the dresser as her poor body gave out on her. A loud fart sound emanated from her backside, followed by a large mass exiting. The large mess piled out of her and plopped into the back of her diaper. Hana gasped, feeling yet another wave through her body.

“Haaaaggghhh nggg” She tried to stop the next wave, grasping at the back of her suit to no avail.

Another wave of mess loudly piled onto the first one, making her gasp yet again. She threw her head backwards, her knees turning to jelly at this point. Using the dresser to support herself she sighed, wiping the sweat from her forehead.

“I think that’s all of it” She stated, feeling empty at this point.

The large mess she could feel barely touching her rear from inside her diaper. A slight thought crept into her mind, if this suit could do this to her diaper… what else could it do? She felt the energy trail up through her suit yet again, Hana at its mercy.

“Linking to other mechs in squad, drawing from waste compartments” The suit spoke up to her.

Hana’s eyes grew wide as she realized what that meant.

“N- Now hold on w- we don’t have to-” She tried to reason with it.

It was far too late as she felt a compartment on the back of her suit open up. Without much hesitation the back of her diaper exploded with filth. Hana gasped the loudest she had during this experience as it happened. Wave after wave the suit pushed more poop into the back of her diaper, pushing it to it’s absolute limit. Her suit expanded and stretched, trying to keep up with the diaper. Her diaper was very heavy duty, she wasn’t worried about leaks.

It sagged down past her knees and stretched out the logos on the side of her suit. Her dignified sponsors now became distorted images, crippled from her filthy diaper. Hana moaned louder and louder as the urine and poop made it’s way up to the front of her diaper. With no room in the back it started to piled up into a large mound. Speechless, Hana could only bark out her pleasure.

“Jjeonda!” She shouted, feeling the diaper press against her lower body.

As the mess slowly came to a halt, drool slinked down the corners of her lips. Her expression was pressed into one of lust and sexual pleasure. Without waiting a second long, she fell onto the enormous load. The filth pressed up into her quickly as she squished it into the floor. It felt like she was sitting on a smelly warm bag, and she loved it. Getting onto her knees she felt her wave of pleasure bring her to cum. She came violently into her diaper, adding to the mess inside already.

Exhausted she stood back up and examined herself. The suit and diaper had contained all of it, and now the massive diaper swung to around her knees. Hana sat back down on her bed as she contemplated her life. Was this the Omnic virus’ doing? Or did Hana really grow to enjoy diapers this much? At this point she couldn’t even tell, though she was glad her zipper didn’t work after all.

She’d have to find a way to fix this later on, but for now she just wanted to be alone. Reaching down she picked up her lost headset and put it on.

Game on

I hope this story inspires more Overwatch stories! (hopefully with DVA) I also hope to commission a 2nd part at some point so more to come!

*002*2018-09-10 20:56

I comissoned a part 2! Enjoy!

DVa Floods

Exclusivity, limited addition, these words kept DVa alert. Hana’s hardcore gaming heart wouldn’t allow an opportunity like this to slip by. There was a recent event in one of the games she played frequently, Heroes of the Storm. In this exclusive event, rare skins were being thrown out. Hana knew this would be the time to stream 24/7. No meals, no bathroom breaks, no sleep… only continued gameplay.

“Alright everyone welcome to the 24 hour stream, who’s ready to game on? I’m gonna get every single rare skin I can, just watch” Hana boasted into the recording camera.

She knew the RNG drops on these raids were super stingy, but Hana was prepared. Around her room there were tons of jugs of water along with soda cans thrown in the mix. Sitting down on her seat there was a soft crinkle sound. Ever since the Omnic virus infected her suit she’d been wanting to try this. She got the most absorbent diaper she could get her hands on, and she was prepared on using it. Even then, just to make sure she was protected she doubled up the diaper making it so she was wearing two at the same time.

Hana was in her casual attire this time, only wearing a tank top with her logo on it and some hot pink shorts. The shorts barely covered her thick diaper as it was, however the camera didn’t go below her waist. They were older shorts she got in the wrong size, so bulky they worked perfectly. Good thing too, because once this thing gets soaked nothing will be hidden anymore.

Taking a large gulp from her water she sighed and booted up the game. Within hours of gameplay she managed to snag a few rare drops.

“Aw yeah, got a legendary spray. No one can stop this hyper train!” Hana shouted cheerfully.

The stream chat urged her on as she continued to ravage the digital landscape. At this point Hana had already wet her diaper, and the warmth had disappeared. A few more hours in she cracked up a can of soda. Feeling a bit full she relaxed and peed herself once more. The warm urine poured into her diaper, making it expand and stretch under her shorts. She could feel the material being restrained by her shorts, begging to be freed but she knew she had to wait.

During the last hour of the stream she had a big surprise. There were only a few codes given to some viewers, and they’d be invited to a private stream during the last hour. The people who choose to accept knew what they were getting, and she was getting excited herself. Ever since the virus Hana wanted to feel that way again, to get that mind blowing orgasm like she had before. Hana pushed all those thoughts into the back of her head, as for now she had to focus on the game.

She had to do this for her fans. More hours passed as she snagged the last kill from someone else.

“Aw you snooze you lose, should have been quicker heheh” Hana giggled, enjoying the virtual loot she obtained.

She quickly got into another lobby and waited for a match to be found. Yawning she stretched her limbs out, leaning back on her couch. Hana quickly remembered her thick shorts could be seen at this angle as she readjusted, getting them out of frame yet again. Checking on the chat she noticed some people commenting on it.

“Oh my, GameSlayer606 are you commenting on what I have under my shorts?” Hana responded to the chat.

“Didn’t your momma teach you it’s rude to ask that?” Hana smiled, knowing even if he was right no one would believe him.

The chat came to Hana’s defense, some missing what happened entirely.

“Let’s get back to gaming boys, save the drama for the tabloids” She stated, hopping back into the game.

Later on in the day it started to get hotter outside, instead of cranking on the AC Hana had to continue the stream. Dedicated to her cause she endured the heat, choosing to chug down water instead. Placing the water down she wiped her forehead, feeling the sweat coming off of it. Her whole body was sweating, even down into where her double diapers were. It’s a good thing the stream didn’t have smell, because Hana wasn’t smelling the best currently.

Speaking of smell, she leaned forward slightly and stared at the screen. Relaxing her body she felt a little bit of mess plop into the back of her diaper. She caressed the back of her shorts slightly, noticing it wasn’t too large. It would make sense, she hadn’t eaten anything all day. Sitting back down she squashed the load, her moan barely audible. Oh god, this was amazing. All these viewers had no idea the perverted things she was doing.

She pulled on her shorts with the smell of her now messy diapers hitting the air. Still playing the game Hana could indulge in the smell herself, the powder puffing up from her waist trying it’s best to keep the smell down. Hana felt so alive, and turned on. Relaxing she felt another gush of wetness rush into her diaper. As her diaper expanded she felt some urine leak into the second layer. Hana tried to focus on the game, but her hands shook and she could feel her nipples becoming erect under her shirt. A crimson blush formed on her face, choosing to focus more on her warm diaper than the game. After the first wave stopped another started. The diaper was so wet and warm now, Hana couldn’t help but give out a lewd moan into her mic. Eventually she was all done, sighing in relief as she finished. Bouncing up and down on her seat excitedly the mess pressed into her rear repeatedly. She was actually coming very close to cuming right there but a sound on her scene told her otherwise.

Hana quickly realized she had died to the enemy and her team had failed the raid. It snapped her back to reality rather fiercely.

“S- Sorry about that you guys, the heat is really getting to me” Hana tried to explain to the stream.

“You can’t win them all, am I right?” She smiled, trying to steady the shaking of her body.

She noticed some people in the chat being suspicious and others were trying to get screenshots of Hana for proof. Slowly drinking from her soda she sighed, ready to attempt the raid a second time. As the hours passed it started to become darker, she couldn’t use the heat as an excuse if she screwed up again. The stream was winding down to an end, but DVa had managed to grab quite a lot of rare loot.

“Hey, I’ve got a duplicate of some rare gear. I’ll give it to one of my fans who got the code” Hana winked at the livestream. Blocking part of the livestream she sent one of her lucky fans her duplicates.

As she sent them over she figured she’d attach a message.

“Congrats on being chosen, remember to always stay protected. Hope to see you at the private stream later on ” She typed onto her computer.

Snickering at her joke she sent the loot over, he’ll get the protection part soon enough. As her side of the camera was offline she took the time to check on her diapers. Pulling on the waistband of her shorts she caught a glimpse of how swollen her diapers were. They were so thick Hana could barely even close her legs, she had to sit with them spread open.

She gently caressed her diaper, moaning only very softly. It was then that she realized she had wanted this all along. It wasn’t the virus that caused this, Hana genuinely loved diapers. And maybe… the virus just gave her what she secretly wanted. To pack her diapers, and fill them to the breaking point.

Hana quickly got back in position and turned her face cam on. At this point it was super late at night, Hana had gone through almost all of her water. She checked the clock on the livestream, and her heart started to beat loudly. It was almost time for the private livestream.

“Thank you guys so much for watching! Stay safe out there, this is DVa signing off!” She waved at her online fans.

“If you got a code then you know what to do hehee” Hana giggled, switching the camera off.

The rest of the stream went dead and she quickly stood up. Undoing her shorts she slowly slide them off, freeing her absolutely soaked diapers. Her diapers bounced along, sagging obviously past the normal capacity. All of her thoughts rushed into her head and she groped her diapers, feeling her sexual energy rise up. Typing into her computer she set up the private livestream. As she waited for people to join she took off her tank top, leaving her in just a bra and diaper. Grabbing her favorite vibrator she turned her personal body cam on.

“Are you boys ready for DVa after dark?” She sat down, her diapers making a very loud sound this time.

She started to grope her swollen diapers, the thick mass too much for her to hold back at this point.

“I’m so wet and horny, don’t tell anyone ok?” Hana whispered to the livestream.

As she pressed down onto her diaper a small puff of powder came up from the waistband. She took her toy and started to rub it against the front of her swollen diapers. She teased herself by gently gliding across her urine soaked diapers, savoring the naughty feeling. She had done this all herself, she would have to say goodbye to panties unless she wanted to make a mess everywhere she went. She took off her shirt and exposed her bare breasts, showing off her erect nipples now. Getting really into it she sat on top of her toy as it pushed into her privates. She started to grind into it, speeding up as she did.

“Oh! Oooh it’s coming! Mhhhm! I’m getting so close!” She moaned, throwing her head back.

Sitting and thrusting it into her diapers made something clicked. The amount of swollen material pressed up into her vagina was too much. A torrent of piss escaped her body as her poor bladder gave out. It soaked the mess she had sat on earlier as it became even squishier. The back of the mess and material pushed into the second diaper, both layers were soaked to the max. Her diapers sprung a leak and spilled over the vibrator as she howled and came into her diaper. Panting heavily Hana didn’t try to stand up this time, deciding to lay down onto her stomach. Her diapered rear point into the air as she smiled at the livestream.

“T- Thanks for stopping by to check out my little secret. Hope it was worth the price~” She winked, not bothering to check the comments.

Reaching over she turned off the life stream, for good this time. She wasn’t sure what was to come after this, as she rolled onto her back. Looking up at the ceiling she found herself letting out a quiet yawn. She felt like taking a long nap.

She figured she deserved it after all her hard work. Without thinking much more about it she cuddled up on her couch and drifted off to sleep. Only warm feelings around her.

