The Revenge and the Wetting

Author: Warrior of light

*000*2011-04-02 01:43

"WHAAAAT!" The scream came from a boy named Jake who lived in a house with his mother and his older sister who was a MAJOR nuisance. Damn it! my journal is destroyed that's it she is going down today I will have VENGENCE.

*skips to afternoon*

"Jake Karen, I'm going out for a few hours for a conference." Said the mother.

Karen a 16 year old girl followed her mother to lock the door behind her. "Bye mom." she said with the most prettiest face. She always acted like an angel around her even though she never really cared. She shut the door and proceeded to her room. She spent most of her time there. All of a sudden she felt the urge to pee. On her way to the bathroom She saw Jake blocking the entrance. "move it turd!"

"Fine." he obeyed and Karen tried to open the door but to her horror it was locked.

"locked Jake where is the key."

"Broke it." he replied

"WHAAAT? well where is the copy?"

"Like I'll tell you"

"Why did you break it?"

"I did it because you're evil and love to spite me. EVERYDAY. So I'm going to stay and watch till you wet yourself"

"You Perverted Prick of a brother, what did i do to you?!"

"Let me see if i can recall something...oh yeah. You torched my journal scratched my favorite video game's disc, Ripped up my homework and oh yeah BROKE MY ARM! So i thought i would torture you a bit. I blocked the hallway so you cant escape and I'm going to watch and enjoy your predicament, then I think I'll record and post it up on my fav omo site." Yes Karen knew about omorashi but didnt take any fancy to it.

"Who cares about your dumb diary. I will not be the laughing stock of your perverted friends."

"It's not a diary and we are not perverted. It doesn't matter what you do the outcome will be the same." He said flinging his camera around in a cyclonic motion."

She was going to strangle him but a jolt of pain from her bladder advised her otherwise. She had not gone to the bathroom for four hours since last and she had just drank at least 3 bottles of water.

Time passed and Karen was squirming in place eyes welling with tears. She couldn't walk that fast with out her bladder jolting in pain. Every once in a while a short shot of pain took place but she was able to endure it. Jake obviously enjoyed all of it.

"listen you cant win so there are only 3 options. 1)wet your self making it easier for both of us. 2) prolong the inevetable which just causes you pain and me joy which I know you hate. or 3) be my slave for a week."

"what. n n-no way!." She managed to stutter with here eyes welling in tears.

"have it your way then."

As time passed there was more slow pacing, squirming and close calls. Jake's eyes bore through her soul. Then she let out an unusually loud shriek and Jake soon realized the wet spot on her crotch. She nearly burst out into tears. Somewhere in Jake's revenge clouded mind lied his conscience. He actually began to feel sorry for his annoying sister but that wouldn't stop him from claiming revenge.

"I'm telling you give up now."

Karen was repeatedly changed positions trying to relieve the pressure a bit.

"No you're a demon I wont give in!"

Another spurt landed on her pink cotton panties. Jake could practically smell the faint scent of pee.

She sank down to her knees and stayed that way. She could not stand anymore. She was practically crying now as she was aware she couldn't make it out dry.

Jake's conscience struck again with more force.

"Listen sis your putting too much stress on yourself. Sooner or later you will have to let go."

"N-Never I wont let you win." she said with her legs now crossed and her hands clasped in between her legs.

"Okay tell you what, If you go right now I wont show anyone the picture or tell anyone what happened."

A bit more urine escaped and she was quick to stop the flow but her muscles were weakening. Tears rolled down her eyes and a look of disbelief took place on her face from hearing her brothers words.

"I don't trust you." were the only words she managed to say.

"I promise."

"Really?" She replied with teary eyes.

"I swear. I want revenge not world wide humiliation. It will never leave this room." Jake said

"I I-I cant." she stuttered

"Why?" he questioned

"because it's humiliating." she cried

"The copy of the key for the door is all the way in the kitchen you wont make it. Its better if you do it here." He forced a hand on his sister's bladder and pushed.

She strongly resisted but in the end it was too much. A flood of urine pushed its way out onto her panties and baby blue jeans which were now soaked and darkened. A huge yellow glistening pool stretched against the hall. Karen let out a loud groan of relief but was horrified about what just happened. She wet herself for about a minute until it started to subside. She started crying and was immediately comforted by her little brother.

"It's alright sis its done now. No one will ever know." he said.

She stopped crying and replied "Thanks, and I'm sorry for anything I might have done."

"And I'm sorry for forcing you into this. Probably wasn't the best way to get revenge." Jake said. They both smiled at each other and Jake helped Karen off the now slippery floor.

"Come on lets get you cleaned up before mom gets home." Jake said. And with that their lives returned to normal.

FIN

