[Futa] The Cafe's Toilet Policy

Author: Wrakkar

*000*2020-08-21 23:40

Heys! I have not written this story fully out yet, but I have the first part here. There is a general lack of futa or genderswapped material in omorashi literature, (and I'm moderately surprised to say that I now actually know omorashi literature pretty well), so I've come up with some story ideas to fill in those gaps. This is one of those stories.

Synopsis:

A girl working at a cafe wakes up one morning to find she has grown a penis. This conflicts with her cafe's unusual toilet policy, and causes a dilemma.

1) Morning Routine

Cliara stirred in her bed. Sunlight streamed in from between her curtains, landing just over her eyes as she lay on her side. Her shoulder-length brown hair strewn across the pillow obscured her round, almost boyish, face as she squinted against the light. She turned onto her other side, waiting for her morning alarm to force her out of bed. She felt the duvet slide uncomfortably between her legs, where it had probably gotten trapped, and she kicked it into a more comfortable position.

Half dreaming about the boy from across the street from where she worked (he was looking into her eyes, then walking with her, then doing something her sleep-addled brain only vaguely rendered), she slid a hand from its resting place on top of her pillow. She slid her hand slowly down her chest, feeling her pert breasts through her pink nightshirt, down to her waist. She lifted the elasticised band of her pyjama trousers, and, eyes still closed, her heart skipped.

She carefully felt between her legs, just the tips of her fingers at first. Then she dove deeper, lightly pressing, stroking, fondling. Her dream melted away even as she kept her eyes shut, wondering if this was some other dream, until, resting the palm of her hand to hide her modesty from itself, she knew what it was. She had a penis.

Sitting up in bed and opening her eyes, Cliara stared at her new member disbelievingly. It was perfectly joined to her, as though it had always been there. Her body was still its lithe self, nothing other than her genitals had changed. The penis was significant enough that she would have to change how she walked slightly, and would probably make her jeans uncomfortable, but was otherwise still modest. She felt a wave of relief in realising that she could still pass as a girl until this went away.

The alarm clock read 06:55, and had an alarm set for 07:00. She switched the alarm off and headed to the bathroom to tackle the two things she needed most right now. Masturbation, and peeing. Both were going to be something new. The thought of playing with her very own penis excited her even as the prospect of having the wrong genitals gave her a creeping feeling of fear - she might not go back to normal.

The first task was to be masturbation - it always was regardless - and most intrigued Cliara. Having never been a boy she did not know how to best pleasure herself now, and had no idea whether her member would become erect. She felt horny, but that apparently was not enough to get her hard. A couple of minutes were spent examining the penis between the fingers of her left hand, carefully playing with it to see what felt good.

It was very sensitive. Squeezing the tip between her thumb and index finger caused her sphincter to contract in a mix of surprise and pleasure. She made several such movements, varying in intensity and even direction, when she noticed her penis becoming longer and thicker. She recalled from porn videos what men do to themselves at this point, and she gripped her still hardening penis with her hand and began moving the hand along the shaft. This proved to be a somewhat uncomfortable experience. Her penis still drooped somewhat, and the skin was being dragged too much by her grip.

Lessening her grip, she carefully found that a light touch now worked best. Facing the toilet - and pausing here to lift the lid - she began stroking herself. It was like she had never masturbated before, exciting and fun. Her dick straightened in her hand. She curved her back with pleasure, placing a hand against the wall in front of her to steady herself. A wave of pleasure nearly buckled her knees as the left hand moved faster.

But then the motions became more numb, and her arm ached with motion. She had never masturbated like this, and could not bring herself to climax. Disappointment set in as she gave up, glancing at the alarm clock through the bathroom door. She needed to get moving before she was late to work.

Peeing proved to be another hurdle. At first her erect penis refused to let her relax sufficiently to pee. With minutes ticking away, she moved on to having a shower before letting go. Her need weighed on her as the water hit her, first on the front, then on the back. The erection began to fade in the comforting water, and became just another curve of her body as she washed herself. Not too long had passed before her member returned to being a, as she now realised, rather cute package between her legs: pink and protruding. It probably helped she was sexually attracted to both men and women, though she had never considered mixing the two. Shower water ran down her body, streamed along her shaft in an imitation of urination.

As the warm water rinsed her, she relaxed. Almost without meaning to, she began to pee. The urine mixed with the shower and obscured her stream. She stepped back from the water and watched as the urine pushed through her foreskin and sprinkled in a rather uncontrolled way. She picked up her penis and aimed the stream, first just moving it side to side, but then flicking it up and down. She pointed it upwards and placed a finger over the tip and watched the urine burble under her finger and stream down her penis and legs. It was over before she could really familiarise herself.

As she rinsed herself off again, Cliara thought about how she would be going to the toilet at work. The cafe's policy on peeing was strict, deviation was a fireable offence. This was going to be a problem, and not one she was ready to handle.

*002*2020-08-22 06:13

This part is mostly setup. Everything after the first three paragraphs can be skipped if you're just here for the omorashi.

2) The Cafe

The cafe was an unusual one. After years of intense competition between coffee shops in the area, the cafe had decided to maximise the efficiency of its staff by any means possible. One such method was to only hire females so as to get the statistically greatest sexual attraction. The most significant method was that toilet breaks were modified. An employee was not allowed to leave the service station at all during their shift, except for defecation emergencies. This was enforced in two ways.

First was that there was no staff toilet. Instead, the customer toilets had a discreet scanning device above the entrance that checked whether an employee entered, and what need they had come to relieve. Second, employees were permitted to pee at the service station through a special device. The device is a suction funnel connected by a tube to an underground disposal tank. One simply placed it over their girlhood, pressed a button to activate it, and slowly urinated. For safety reasons, the suction was not powerful enough to handle fast urination.

The owner was also very strict about "social respectability", and demanded that employees hide their toileting needs from customers. No indicating a need, no holding yourself, no revealing yourself while urinating. Cliara and the other "station girls" wore knee-length skirts and dresses to work for this reason, as it would allow them to quickly hike up the front of their skirt while nobody was looking, place the device, and drop the skirt before anyone noticed. This, of course, was also hidden by the height of the station. Nobody ever mentioned it, but they had all evidently elected to never wear underwear either. That, or Cliara was the only one who minded wet underwear at work.

Cliara started her shift at 08:00, sliding behind the station and grabbing a green felt cap from a shelf. The cap served as the cafe's uniform, and had a large white coffee bean stitched on the front. Her coworker, Anna, was already busy cleaning the espresso machine.

"Hey Anna!"

"Morning! Here, hold this would you?" Anna shoved a bundle of filters into her hands. "We're one short today, so it'll just be us two."

"Didn't Sarah bunk off this time last week, too?"

"Probably." Anna took the filters back and looked at Cliara. "You feeling alright? You look like you had a bad dream or something."

"Yeah. I think I just need to work."

The pair of them set about getting the coffee machines running before they opened at 08:30. Anna's green dress and silver-blonde hair, tied back in a ponytail, complemented Cliara's deep blue dress. Refills of coffee beans and sugar were taken from a storage room behind the station, stacks of mugs were placed artfully on the counter, and the machines were warmed up. Cliara was thankful for the cramped conditions of the service station, as her new penis had changed the way she walked, and she could never be sure that it was not poking past the folds of the dress.

Anna opened the entrance of her own accord, while Cliara made the first two coffees of the day. Employees were not only permitted, but required to drink free coffees throughout the day. When business was slow or new, like now, these filled the cafe with the strong smell of fresh coffee that invited customers in. As they both always preferred, she added a small amount of milk to the fresh drinks.

The first couple of hours were disappointingly slow. The pair of them stood in bored silence sipping at their coffees. They had both worked here for months now, running out of new things to say to each other during every morning. Weekends invited new material for conversation, as did news, but early on the fourth weekday left nothing to be said. Anna played with her phone for a while.

Cliara took to staring at Anna while Anna was distracted. She was usually too busy with her own life or work to look at her properly, but now was as good a time as any. Anna's soft but almost bony features puzzled Cliara's eyes, but was not unpleasant. The green summer dress flowed along her frame, petite breasts- Cliara had to stop herself. Her penis tingled with desire and the morning's frustration, and she hastily turned away to face the open door. Now was not the time to get an erection!

The first customers entered while Cliara tried to douse her horniness with clean thoughts (cold showers, and the five user errors of cappuccino machines). A party of five men in expensive-looking suits swaggered in, discussing loudly and with many laughs something about a deal. One of the men rounded up the other four and made a list of orders. The other four than crowded around a table, while their ringleader walked towards Cliara.

"We're going to be here a while. Our first round is.." The man took a breath, "three large black americanos, no sugar, one espresso with sugar, two espressos without sugar, one hot chocolate, large, and one large coffee with creamer."

Cliara pictured the items in her head as she always did for orders like this. "They'll be ready in just a moment! Can I get you anything else?"

The man examined the menu behind the counter for a moment before deciding, "a, uhh, chocolate chip muffin please."

Anna and Cliara divided up the work. Anna took the hot chocolate and espresso orders, while Cliara poured out the coffees and extricated a muffin from its vacuum-wrapping in the store room. The collected items took up two trays, with a saucer for each mug and one for the muffin, which Anna neatly arranged and pushed to the front of the counter. The man had sat back down with his troop, however, clearly expecting table service.

Anna took charge at the faltering of their service. "Take the trays over, it'll be easier. I'll clean up back here."

Cliara's heart skipped for the second time that morning. The cover of the station would be gone. There was no arguing about it either - Anna had laid out the trays before Cliara could stop her, and had already moved towards cleaning up the machines again. She glanced furtively down herself to make sure she was still decent, gingerly pressing a hand over herself to double check. She exited to the customer side of the station, picked up a tray, and carried it over.

The men took no notice of her has she unloaded the first items, to her relief. Walking back to the counter she could hear one of the machines being run again, and Cliara did not want to think about what that meant. The walk with the second tray tested her patience somewhat. She was used to dashing about, the smoothness of herself between her legs making her movements more smooth and nimble than now. But with her penis dangling down there, threatening to poke through the skirt, she had to slow herself down.

She dispensed the last items, bending precariously over the table to pass the hot chocolate to the one waving at her for it. Some of the men ogled her as she did so, but thankfully none of them looked below her waistline. Her return to the station was met with a somewhat inquisitive look by Anna, and a large pair of coffees. Two coffees was their usual take for the morning, but Cliara knew this was going to be a problem. It would be rude to refuse Anna the coffee, and then she would start asking questions. But Cliara knew full well that the toileting device fitted too closely to the body to accommodate her new genitals.

*003*2020-08-23 07:28

3) Service

Business picked up in the late morning. Streams of customers came in, mostly businessmen but some were tourists and shoppers. Anna kept at the espresso machines, while Cliara continued taking most of the orders. The business troop still sat at their table, bouts of laughter occasionally rising from them, sipping away at their coffees. The ringleader came up some half an hour after their first order and bought a round of muffins, but looked too busy with conversation to make a third order.

The station girls' habit of drinking regular coffee was by 11:00 starting to become an issue. Two in the morning, each, and then another would be had at lunch. Neither of them had a scheduled lunchbreak as a result of the cafe's policy, and would either eat nothing or steal a muffin at the first opportunity. With nothing to absorb their liquids, soon they would both be taking turns on the toilet.

Heat from the coffee machines and the diuretic effect of their own drinks also led to a habit of regularly drinking water, usually poured from the station sink into their own used mugs. Anna kept sipping away like someone who knew relief was always nearby, but Cliara felt a slight sinking feeling as her thirst developed. She tried rationing her water intake, but Anna, permanently charitable, kept topping up her mug.

More and more drinks were served. Most people ordered "out" - leaving with their drinks, but a few stayed in the small cafe. It took only a handful of tables to crowd the room, and as 12:00 approached more people insisted on enjoying themselves with muffins. Even with her impending predicament, Cliara would not have minded so much if it hadn't been for the troop. They had started relaxing and their pace of conversation slowed. After months of serving here, both girls knew what this meant.

The ringleader was back at his duties, rounding up another order list. A short few minutes passed, hazy with more customers filtering through the station, and he entered the queue. By now Cliara felt a moderate urge to pee. She tensed her thighs to suppress the tingling sensation as she took another order. Another pair of drinks were served, and now the ringleader was back.

"Well. We're not going to be here too much longer I don't think." The man grinned fiendishly. "Just one more round before we get going."

"What's your order?"

"Just four large black coffees and a glass of water." The man looked like he had more to say, but he waited as Cliara handled the order. Anna busied herself with a second customer, glancing over to the man as she did so.

As Cliara was pouring the second cup, the man started talking again. "What's your name, by the way?"

"Cliara." She smiled and kept at her task.

"Nice name. I'm Isaac. Isaac Alderson." He held out a hand. Cliara shook it awkwardly, still trying to operate the machine.

"This really is a nice shop you got here - very comfortable. Say, when is your lunch break? I'd like to get to know you."

Cliara set out the drinks onto a tray, trying and failing to fit them all on. "Oh I don't have a lunch break."

Isaac looked mildly puzzled for a moment, and briefly considered his next words. "Well, when does your shift end?"

Cliara tensed her legs behind the station as the annoyance of being delayed like this compounded her need to pee. Isaac looked like he had no intention of even leaving the cafe before he got familiar with her. "I get off at five, when the cafe closes."

"Damn that's a while from now." He exclaimed in mock surprise, stealing a glance down her body as he did so. Cliara noticed, but she had seen enough people like Isaac to care. She heard the coffee machine start running again, and knew there was only a limited chance that it was for another customer. The noise brought her back to her need and absent-mindedly stole a furtive squeeze of her unfamiliar self. She masked the movement by brushing aside a lock of hair from her face, but this seemed to give Isaac an unintended impression.

Isaac leant his head at a slightly more questioning, albeit friendly, angle and curled the edge of his lips in a mild smirk. "I'll take the tray over. Bring the other mug, I want to introduce you to the lads."

Cliara resigned herself to the task. There was another five hours before she could go home, and it was not going to come any faster by being rude. She turned towards the exit side of the station, and caught Anna's eye. Anna winked mischievously, another pair of coffees in her hand. Anna's own need must now be quite significant but, between Isaac gawping over the counter and more customers now entering, her opportunities to pee were as limited as Cliara's. The walk was uncomfortable. Impatience was beginning to set in as she carefully followed Isaac with the last coffee, eventually setting it down while Isaac introduced her to the others.

"This is Aiden, our estate agent, that there is Yuri, my accountant." Isaac pointed at each man separately. "This is David, owner of the new tower on Gold Street, and this is Fargo, David's accountant."

Cliara played along with the charade. She had no interest in this man, and dearly wished to return behind the station where she could cross her legs. After shaking everyone's hands, she seized the moment before anyone tried to rope her into a conversation by saying, "can I get you anything else?"

Thankfully the consensus was "no". As they each took their turn to say such, however, her urge peaked. Her urethra tingled, almost down to the tip of her penis, and she redoubled her previously passive control over her bladder. This manifested in slightly closing her thighs together, but the urge also buckled her knees somewhat. The effect was something like a part-curtsy. She turned on the spot and walked stiffly away, cheeks flushing. The fabric of her dress sliding sensually over her penis as she quickened her pace before anybody noticed anything.

Her return to the station was greeted by Anna sipping her coffee as a customer mulled over the menu. Anna's legs were crossed, her weight mostly on one leg, passing it off as a relaxed stance. Anna's face told nothing of what her bladder must be feeling now. Having kept her usual drinking pace, this new coffee would be rushing into her bladder as fast as she drank it. Cliara slipped past Anna, and pretended to be comfortable while the customer ordered.

Anna passed the order to Cliara, saying to the customer "my partner will be serving your order your order!"

This was their usual ruse. When traffic into the cafe slowed, one of them would pretend to arrange the shelves under the station by kneeling down. They would then, one knee on the floor and another pressing into their full bladder, lift their skirt, pull out the device, attach it to themselves, and stand up again. They could then continue service while slowly relieving themselves.

Cliara looked over her shoulder as she operated the coffee machine, in time to see Anna straighten up. If one looked carefully, from the side one could just see a solid, roundish protrusion under her skirt, over her crotch. Less discreet was the small black tube that could be seen between her legs and running to where the station met the floor. Anna's face relaxed and she stared into the middle distance for a moment as she made sure she did not pee too quickly. With the coffees made and handed over, another customer stepped up and addressed Anna.

From experience Cliara knew that concentrating on talking meant slowing or even stopping the flow of pee. The experience was always tingly, and in a way rather fun. The early days of using the device put both of them out of action while using it, and they had to pretend to continue cleaning things until they were finished. By now, though, Anna had become much more skilled. She kept a steady pace of conversation, and leaned forwards slightly into the desk to hide the sensations emanating from her bladder and urethra. Still, a slight fanning of her legs could be seen.

Cliara's own need intensified as she watched her friend empty herself, giving herself an almost involuntary squeeze as she did. Like the last, the order and customer were passed over to Cliara, and she served again - this time a round of espressos. Sooner or later Anna was going to wonder why she was not using the device, and Cliara had no idea to explain. Her cheeks reddened again as she imagined the conversation, having to explain her new predicament.

*004*2020-08-25 08:08

4) Emergency

More customers rolled by as Cliara finished her coffee with a creeping sense of desperation. She declined a refill when Anna offered one, but Anna's new tact to keep her spirits up was to ensure she kept hydrated. This meant continuing to drink water instead. It was not much of an improvement, but Cliara wanted to avoid explaining her situation almost more than she wanted to pee. Half-past twelve finally saw the business troop leave, with more than one of them stealing a glance back towards her as they left, at last ridding the store of Cliara's biggest threat.

Cliara soon found herself bobbing up and down to keep her bladder at bay. She took the moment between competing an order and receiving a new customer to trade places with Anna. Anna, having started to keep an eye on Cliara, seemed relieved of her concern at this. She said to Cliara as they traded, "at last, I thought you were planning to hold out all day!"

Cliara smiled and brushed her off, but this move was not to make use of the toilet. Trying to work around attaching the tight-fitting device to herself - presumably holding it in place while she urinated - would be too obvious, and likely to result in a mess. The whole point of it was to never seem to take a break, not to gross out the customers. Rather, Cliara traded with Anna so she could stop moving as much. And so that when she started to struggle, which would be soon, she could covertly hold herself.

A lunchtime stream of customers busied the girls for much of the next hour, with Cliara becoming increasingly needful. She even resisted turning her abdomen where she could, keeping her legs firmly planted - half-crossed - as she smiled and took orders. Anna started to become actively concerned, trying to catch Cliara's eye. Anna had stopped offering refills, and instead looked at her with sympathy at how the flow of customers refused to relent.

"It'll die down soon Cli, just keep holding on!"

Cliara kept her mouth shut at this, as at that moment she felt the tingling of her bladder seep along her urethra. She reached down to hold herself, careful to push against her penis rather than grab it. Yet more orders for coffee came in, and Cliara was staring to panic. She felt like she was going to dribble at any moment, and there was no way that her shift would end soon enough to let her into the customers' toilets. Anna's attentiveness only made it worse. The customers were obtrusive enough but they knew nothing about her need. Having Anna hovering around noticing her every movement gave her the impression that everyone in the room was watching her, taunting, expecting to see the inevitable outcome.

Obtrusion or taunting, either was preferable to the lack of customers that followed the lunchtime rush. Because as the orders died away and the room started to empty, the clock already grinding slowly past 13:00, Anna's full attention was brought to bear on Cliara. As Cliara dispensed with the last customer in the queue, a wave of desperation overtook her. She bent forwards and squeezed the shaft of her penis, feeling an unwanted spurt of liquid force its way out of her bladder and along her urethra. She kept it in by squeezing herself, but the customer looked over and she pretended to be rearranging the shelves. As she let go of herself, the spurt dribbled out of her foreskin, into the front of her skirt, and dripped shamefully onto the floor.

She quickly cleaned up the floor while Anna served the customer, just managing to avoid her notice. No new customer came along, and Anna could no longer be distracted. "Oh honey! You should have said something!"

Cliara had no idea what Anna would have done if she had said anything, even without a penis. "It's alright, I can hold it."

"Come on, there's nobody looking. lets get you some relief." Anna knelt down to bring up the device and service Cliara, who was now pressing the damp bit of skirt onto herself.

"No, no - I just need..."

Anna looked up with confusion and mild worry, and wondered for a moment what to say.

"Look, there's another customer. Please, help me serve!"

Anna stood up reluctantly, and readied the machines while the customer ordered. Another to-go coffee. They failed to notice anything off about Cliara - her tense posture, a smile that was dangerously close to grimace, one knee bent over the other. As soon as the customer moved over to Anna, Cliara had to hold herself again to stop another wave of pressure. She could feel the dampness clinging to her genitals as she pinched the shaft closed again. Looking down, she could clearly see the outline of her penis through the fabric. It was, she thought to herself, rather cute in a way. But this was no place for such a reverie. If she kept at it too long she risked being seen, and then fired.

Anna rounded back on her again as soon as the customer moved off. "Cliara, you clearly need to go. Just go to the toilet like you always do - there's nobody here."

Cliara's face grew red with embarrassment, and her heart beat faster as she tried to figure a way out. "But I can't, I just have to hold it." She waved a hand as Anna started to protest, "I'll be alright, just let me hold it."

But then another wave of desperation overcame her, and she returned to openly grabbing herself. She felt as though she lost control of her bladder completely - her sphincter relaxed against her will. She could feel it open, pee escaping down her urethra and into her shaft. Some even dribbled out the tip of her penis as she returned her grip. Anna could see all of it now, every last detail of her naked body, despite her clothes.

Anna was speechless. Cliara kept a tight hold on her penis, one leg crossed over the other as she faced her friend. She bit her lower lip as she tried to control herself, but she could not close her sphincter. Her bladder muscles stayed contracted, and if she moved her hand even slightly she would surely cover the floor in urine. Anna rushed to the door and locked it, flipping the open/shut sign to keep people out. She then pushed Cliara into the store room, out of sight of the vast glass windows that looked into the cafe.

A chair was at the back of the storeroom, and was usually used for reaching the top shelves. Cliara sank into it, feeling hopeless about her odds of holding out until the end of the day. She finally closed her sphincter again, but was forced to let out the stream of liquid trapped behind her closed penis. It soaked the front of her skirt, and she could feel it seeping between her legs and onto the cushion of the chair.

Anna closed the storeroom door behind her. "What... How...?"

"I don't know! I just woke up this morning with a penis." Cliara was starting to tear up. This was surely the worst possible outcome.

"Oh honey, if only you had told me. Look, I can't fix your dress, but I can help you go before you go home."

"You can't! If I go to the customers' toilets I'll be fired, and if I pee in the cafe people will see!" Cliara was still gripping her penis in a vain hope of maintaining control, leaning back in the chair to accommodate her swollen bladder.

"No, no you can pee in here. My uh... My boyfriend sometimes... well, sometimes I suck him off. And I don't think this will be too different."

Cliara had to do a mental double take, even in her distress. Surely she did not mean what Cliara thought she meant?

"Look - and this is a one time deal - I don't mind drinking your pee for you. I'll have to go soon anyway, my drinks are catching up with me again. I'll just... decant you into the toilet. You can dry yourself off and... well, you decide."

Anna stood awkwardly, staring at Cliara with an expression Cliara was not able to read. Cliara had run out of time to spend thinking, as another wave of urgency nearly caused her to spurt again. "Yes, yes, please!"

Cliara made to stand up, but Anna gently pressed her back into the chair. She lifted Cliara's dress, and pried her hand off her penis. The revealed member twitched with urgency, but remained as soft and pristine as it had that morning. Anna tentatively picked it up with the tips of her fingers, pointing it skywards. A trickle of urine poured out of it as it stood artificially erect.

"Now, when I close my mouth around you, remember to pee slowly. Just like we always do."

Anna lowered her head over Cliara's boyhood, took up the member on her tongue, and closed her lips around the base of the penis. Anna's pink-red lips left only a hint of Cliara's shaft on her body, and she imagined for a moment that she had returned to her usual form. Before she had even consciously decided to urinate, she could feel the flow out of her bladder and through her penis.

Anna's embrace sucked on her with a sensation very similar to the device, albeit rhythmic, wet, and fleshy. With every motion Anna drew away Cliara's urine, pulling the tip of her penis until it pointed straight towards Anna's throat. The small fountain it created slid down the tongue, the shaft, the whole mouth as Anna swallowed. The urine pooled behind her lips until the sucking sensation returned. Cliara leaned her head back as the pressure in her bladder eased, her fullness and the slow steadiness of her release giving her ample time to appreciate the experience.

As her need lessened, the motions of Anna's mouth on her penis caused Cliara to slowly harden. Her stream became interrupted by her own stiffness, and she looked down at Anna apologetically. "Sorry, I... I didn't... I can't..."

Anna winked at her, and stopped her movements. She let waited until Cliara could relax again, and continued drinking her pee. How strange it would have looked to anyone else, Cliara thought, to see a girl sucking on another girl like this. And even stranger to know this was their way of going to the toilet. Her stream lessened, and eventually came to a stop. Cliara released a final couple of spurts as Anna dutifully helped her finish - a hand now over her own crotch. Cliara could feel herself becoming erect again as Anna withdrew her mouth.

It was all over too soon. The release itself had been pleasurable by itself, but the tantalising motions on her sensitive penis after the frustration of that morning had left her wanting so much more. Anna had done far more than her duty however, and, besides, she was already involved with someone. Cliara made use of a box of napkins to start cleaning herself off while Anna cleared the room, presumably to rinse her mouth out and make use of the device again.

Cliara would wait until she looked passable, then she would go home. And oh how she would explore herself at this memory.

*005*2020-08-25 08:36

Eh, a short one for the road.

5) Epliogue

A week passed of toilet troubles at the Cafe. The day following her accident, Cliara had brought with her a couple of empty water bottles for relieving herself. These she used in the store room, though it was not an ideal solution. The manager was persuaded, with some very clever wording from Anna, to allow the girls to modify the device. They kept the tight-fitting girls' funnel for it, but arranged a Monday-morning delivery of a new attachment. This, alternating with the girls' attachment, made the device unisex. It was to fit around Cliara's penis, and it did so perfectly.

Cliara kept at her job much as she had long before her new favourite member, though with a slight difference. She exploited the new flexibility she had in peeing by wearing carefully-chosen jeans to work. She would pack away her little penis, largely retaining her girlish appearance with its modest proportions, and wear a short waist apron over her front. Whenever the urge took her, she would kneel down, attach the boys' suction attachment, and unzip herself. She would quickly pull out her willy underneath the apron, and insert it into the device. And upon standing back up, the customers would never know that in that moment she had turned the service station into her own personal urinal.

