Four Seasons: Springtime Promises (Meagan & Parker)

Author: Weasel

*000*2023-04-02 14:20

Told you I'd make you wait until spring.

Here is part two of Four Seasons, the fourth volume of the Meagan and Parker trilogy!

###

“Oh, wow.”

“You look pretty good yourself.”

“I just don’t think I’ve ever seen you dressed up like this before,” Meagan said. She stepped closer to him, adjusted his tie slightly, then revealed her true motivation as she used that tie to tug him closer for a kiss. “I can’t imagine you in a tux. But this suit… with that haircut… yeah, lover. You clean up real nice.”

“Says the woman in the dress that could hand out heart attacks.”

“If you think this is impressive, just wait until you see Dacy’s.”

“Oh, shit. With her build…”

“It’s quite tasteful. And yet insanely sexy. You have my permission to stare.”

“I dunno. I’d rather look at you. Twirl for me?”

“This dress is too tight for twirling.”

“I just wanna look at you. I suppose I could walk in a circle around you?”

She grinned and twirled, slowly. Her bridesmaid’s dress was a deep blue. It had no cleavage whatsoever, but it hugged her every curve. The back did plunge, but into cross-hatching that revealed some skin but hid any sight of a bra strap, and a sash across the waist hid the zipper. No heels—not at the wedding of 5’1” Dacy. [That's 155cm, by the way.] A blue hydrangea corsage completed the look. Overall Dacy’s color choices clashed with Meagan’s hints-of-green-and-red aesthetic, but nobody would be looking at Meagan except Parker, and he really didn’t mind. Much, anyway, whispered the videographer in him.

Parker wore a cream suit, with a tie and pocket handkerchief that matched Meagan’s dress, and dapper new brown shoes (a gift from his parents).

“Ready to go?” Parker asked.

“Oh, hell no. There’s so much more to do,” Meagan said with a sigh. “I gotta get back quick. Like I’ve said forty-five times today, being maid of honor is a big-ass job.”

“Seems like a perfect-sized ass to me,” he said, running a hand down it.

She gave him a grin that could get a glacier hot and bothered.

“Wait, what are you wearing under this?” he asked, realizing her dress was revealing no panty line at all. “Even a thong would stand out...”

“Play your cards right and you’ll find out.”

“All I got in hand is a couple of threes.”

“Relax. You’ve got kings showing.” She scooped up her backpack (even as maid of honor, she wasn’t a girl for purses) and headed for the door.

“Wait, was that a metaphor…?”

“I’m saying you look good, lover.”

“If I’ve got kings showing, then you’ve got them, too…”

“A win-win situation? I can live with that.” Another grin and she was gone. And just as suddenly back. “Oh, and can you do some quick passes of the bridal party before the limo comes?”

Parker checked his watch (a gift from his grandfather some years ago, and suddenly helpful as an additional touch of class). “Shit, that’s real soon now, isn’t it?”

“We just need a minute or two of footage, right?”

“Yeah, but I want to have good material to choose from.” He hefted the precious camera in its case—high-quality gear, the best he’d ever used, rented by Dacy’s parents’ money for the occasion—and followed her out, slapping the hotel room card key in his pocket to make sure they could get back in.

The bridal suite was full of bridesmaids and flowers and confusion. Zephyr could have that effect, although Lucy was generally managing to harness the girl-shaped dynamo and focus it on errands. Gina and Helena, Dacy’s childhood friends, were unfortunately nearer the Zephyr end of the spectrum than the Meagan/Lucy end. And Dacy herself, although she was being remarkably calm, was her usual high-energy self. Meagan sighed, rolled her eyes at Parker, and set about imposing order.

Dacy was—well, it was so cliché, but radiant was the only possible word. And her dress really did take his breath away. Like her bridesmaids’ dresses, she’d opted against cleavage and gone for form-fitting instead. On her, with her remarkable chest, the effect was stunning. And the rest of her toned runner’s physique was shown off to good advantage as well.

Of course, in this dress pattern, Meagan’s boobs looked remarkably good, too.

Parker broke out the camera and filmed what he saw. He’d have to trim out the potential blackmail material in post-production. (How could Zephyr manage to be showing skin with that dress design?) He kept the focus on Dacy, moving around the room a bit to catch her from every angle. And if Meagan showed up quite a bit—sometimes all by herself, looking utterly amazingly hot in all her competence—well, he’d edit that out in post, too… and put it in an entirely different video.

“All right, ladies,” Meagan said, hanging up her phone, “The limo is back and we are half an hour to walking down the aisle.”

“Do we have time for…” Gina asked.

“Probably not,” Meagan interrupted. “It’s only a ten-minute drive but we’ve only got thirty minutes to work with.”

“Meagan,” Dacy said, “I need a bathroom break…”

“It took us an hour to get you into that dress, sweetie,” Meagan said.

Dacy spread her hands, helplessly. “I gotta, Meagan.”

“You’re nervous. It’s natural. We’ll deal,” Meagan said, putting her hands on her friend’s shoulders. She whirled quickly. “Parker. Out.” Her eyes were dancing even as she rolled them, and her lips quirked in the slightest smile.

“Yes ma’am,” Parker said, shutting down the camera.

“Oh, and you’re taking my car over to the venue, remember?”

“I got your keys right here.”

“And when we get over there, you’re waiting right by the door.”

“Yes ma’am!”

“Meagan…” Dacy said plaintively.

“And, Parker—aw, shit, just go, it’ll all work out.”

###

And it did!

It didn’t go off with a hitch, but the hitches were so small it didn’t matter and were instantly forgotten. Dacy walked down the aisle with a smile as big as her personality (which was even bigger than her bustline), Clark looked incredibly dapper and incredibly nervous, the vows were exchanged, the groom kissed the bride and the bride kissed enthusiastically back. And Parker caught most of it on tape, and Meagan managed to remember to ditch her backpack before the procession, and then the wedding photographer took over.

The buffet table and the bar opened up. Parker snacked, sipped, hung out, caught up, re-met, people-watched, and generally schmoozed as the photographer’s dominance continued. Then finally the announcement was made to be seated for dinner, and for the first time since that moment in the hotel, he had a moment with Meagan.

“Hey lover,” he said. “Ya done good.”

She kissed him and fell—almost sagged—into his arms. “Whew. Yeah, it went good. Now we can relax a little. Until the toasts…”

“Want something to drink?”

“Yes, please. Not a lot. But something.” She tapped his nose, warningly. “And you better not have a lot, either. If you get yourself too drunk to fuck, boy, you’re sleeping in the car.”

“Yes ma’am.”

“You keep saying that.”

“I like saying it. To you.”

“Well. I can live with it.”

Then there was the four-course meal and the toasting (Meagan was breathless and yet flawless—according to Parker, who was filming), and finally the first dance and the other arranged dances (Meagan danced with the Best Man the first round, and then made Parker put the camera down and get out on the floor).

Then came the bouquet toss. Meagan was out on the floor with the rest—but she looked a tad uneasy. He couldn’t think why, especially as she’d barely had to move to snatch it out of the air.

Then the implications set in. That’s commitment she’s holding, he thought, and does she want it? I mean, it’s a silly ceremony, but…

His thoughts were swirling as Meagan unceremoniously tossed the bouquet onto the table next to her backpack.

He skipped the garter toss.

He couldn’t skip “Hey Ya!”, though—practically everyone under 40 converged on the floor at once, and Meagan barely gave him time to put down the camera.

“This is so not a wedding song!” he shouted to her.

They say “Nothing lasts forever,”

But what makes,

What makes,

What makes

Love the exception?

“Shut up and dance,” she ordered.

He had to admit, he did love her “baddest behavior.”

As the last bars played out, Meagan took him by the hand and led him off the floor. She just about collapsed into her seat, still holding onto him. He stood behind her and rubbed her shoulders.

“You’re tense,” he said.

“Long day.”

They watched the dancing for a bit. The bouquet she’d caught was sitting beside them. He snaked one of the small white flower-stems out of the arrangement and began weaving it into her intricately-done hair. It worked surprisingly well, and he did it again on the other side of her head.

“What are you doing?” she asked.

“Crowning you with flowers,” he said. He’d meant it as a joke. Somehow it didn’t come out that way.

She leaned her head back against him. He started on a third flower.

“When you’re finished,” she said, “take me home with you?”

“You mean the hotel?”

“You know what I mean.”

“I do.”

They walked out into the cool of the evening—cool, verging on chill. She shivered; instantly he had his sport coat off and draped around her.

“Well, this is a classic look,” she said. “Maybe not the flowers, though.”

“Sorry.”

“Why?”

“I meant ‘You’re welcome.’”

She grinned.

He was driving her stickshift easily now. “How you doin’, love?” he asked as he maneuvered them out of the parking lot. He thought she looked tired and maybe a little uncomfortable.

“Ready to get out of this dress,” she said. “Of course, you might want me to wear it a little longer.”

“Oh?”

“There’s one thing I can’t do very well in a dress this form-fitting. Well,” she immediately added, “a lot of things. Starting with really dance. I swear I nearly ripped a seam on ‘Hey Ya’. But one thing for sure.”

“Wait, you mean…?”

“That’s absolutely for your benefit, by the way.”

“You really haven’t peed since you put that dress on?”

“It’s too tight over my hips to pull it up. I have to take it all the way off to pee. Undo all the buttons on the back. Which isn’t easy by myself.”

“Oh, wow. How long…?”

“I don’t even want to know. I really had to pace myself tonight. The toasts were kinda murder. The dancing at least let me move around…”

“Holy shit,” Parker said. “Um. If you wanted me turned on, that worked really really well.”

“Oh, good,” she said, stretching.

Just as they arrived at the hotel, Meagan’s phone beeped. It was a text from Zephyr: Bridal party meeting in the hot tub in 15 minutes.

Meagan groaned a little.

“What’s wrong?”

“Not enough time to fuck you properly. And then I’d want to clean up a bit before I got in the hot tub…”

“We can wait to fuck.”

“And waste all this pee?” she said. “Lover, the only way I made it through the last few hours was the thought of getting you so fired up.”

“Well, all right. I won’t let your sacrifice be in vain!”

“Fuckin’ right you won’t—but how?”

“Tell ‘em we’ll be late.” By now they were up on the second floor, nearly to their room.

“I don’t wanna shower twice.”

He slid the card key through the slot, and the door clicked open. “Any way you wanna play it, love. I’m yours.”

“I know,” she said. She stretched out her arms, fists clenched—one of her signs of being in lockdown. How had he missed it before? Misread it as tension and anxiety and stress, apparently.

“The hot tub’s gonna make me wanna relax,” she said.

“You should relax. It’s been a long day.”

“I know. But if I get in that tub and relax, I’ll pee.”

“Yeah, that’d be a challenge.”

Her chin came up, her eyes glinted. “So in other words—you’re challenging me?”

“That’s actually the same word, beautiful.”

“Details!” she said, dismissively. “Very well. I accept your challenge.”

“Wait, you’re gonna hold it in the hot tub?”

“I am. And then you are going to take me back her and make passionate love to me and get me all the relaxation that I’ll be missing out on in the hot tub.”

“Deal.”

She laughed. “Let me get my makeup off.”

“Need any help getting the dress off?”

“Oh, I will—but not yet.”

She removed her makeup using the mirror in the main room, not the bathroom. Then she said, “Grab me a towel, please?”

“Sure. But how come?”

“In case I leak, that’s how come.”

He spread it out at her feet—she’d kicked off her shoes and unfastened the sash around her hips. She stepped onto it and turned her back to him, stretching her arms up over her head. “Unbutton me, please.”

He did. This took a while. As he did, he observed with interest how her bra strap had been camouflaged by the crosshatching. When he’d gotten the buttons undone, Meagan shrugged out of the shoulders and drew the dress down. He discovered the answer to her earlier mystery: she was wearing sheer pantyhose and nothing else. As the dress peeled away, Meagan let out a sigh. “Ah, that’s better,” she said. “I hadn’t realized just how much all this was pressing on me.”

“On your bladder?”

“On everything.” She unhooked the bra. “Whew. The twins could use a breather, that’s for sure. I know that dress looked amazing—”

“Uh-huh.”

“—But it’s nice to get it off. I’m glad my bikini isn’t nearly so constricting. Now for the hard part.” She clenched her fists, a sign of clenching everything. Then she peeled off the hose.

“Errg.”

“Did you leak?”

“No. Close, but no.” She stepped out of the puddle of nylon (and only nylon) at her feet. She was still clenching everything. Parker stepped up behind her and held her, gently, running his hands lightly over her bare body—and letting her feel his erection.

“You gotta change too, hon,” Meagan said, turning in his arms and poking him in the belly. “And you’d better not be packing that hard-on.”

Now it was Parker’s turn to “Errg. That’s gonna be tricky. Could you stop being so amazingly sexy for a bit?”

“Do you really want me to?”

“Fuck no.”

“Right answer.” She walked over to her suitcase, moving gingerly. “Now. Somewhere in here, there’s a swimsuit.”

###

Stay tuned. The rest of the story will come later this week.

*005*2023-04-06 02:56

{{On 4/3/2023 at 9:04 PM, WiiGuy86 said:

Great set up! can't wait for the rest!

}}

Today's your lucky day.

{{On 4/4/2023 at 11:59 AM, phile474917 said:

Very well written! Thank you for continuing this series. I've been following Meagan and Parker for years!

}}

Thank you! And honestly, thank yourself! I might have ended the series after Book One if I hadn't gotten such positive feedback.

{{On 4/4/2023 at 2:42 PM, warham1995 said:

If there was to be a marriage proposal who would be the one to do it, parker or Meagan?

}}

Funny you should ask that...

###

Parker managed to suppress his arousal with some deep breathing, found his own swimming gear, and changed into it. He had to go carefully, though. Any time he brushed up against his own cock, his erection threatened to roar back to life.

Meagan’s halter top did look rather less constricting. She wrapped the towel around her waist, slipped into her flip-flops, grabbed one of their key cards, and led the way.

Only Parker’s veteran eyes could have detected Meagan’s need as she sauntered confidently through the hotel. But the moment they stepped outside, she froze up: the spring evening still had plenty of cool in it.

“Over here!” called the members of the bridal party, apparently taking Meagan’s pause for hesitation or confusion. Meagan waved back and strode over to the hot tub, Parker following. She let the towel fall—damn, every move she makes right now is sexy!—and gingerly slipped into the water. He jumped in beside her.

All the bridesmaids were there, Gina and Lucy and Helena and Zephyr and, of course, Dacy herself. Clark sat luxuriating in the hotness of the tub and of his bride, one arm thrown around Dacy’s shoulders. Travis was in next to Lucy.

Six beautiful girls in swimsuits was a sight to behold. Parker sized them all up, but the tension he felt in Meagan’s body, despite the hot water, held him riveted.

At least until Zephyr did her thing, that is. It was late, past midnight, and there was almost no foot traffic through the hotel any more; and Zephyr being Zephyr, even the barely-there fabric of a bikini was slightly too much clothing. She shrugged out of her top and submerged herself up to the neck—although slowly enough that everyone in the tub caught a glimpse of nipple.

“Wow, Zephyr,” said Gina, with slight disapproval in her voice. Clearly she hadn’t been around Zephyr long enough to know that this was entirely normal behavior for the girl.

“Oh, Zeph, I do wish I could do that sometimes,” Dacy said. “That dress looked ravishing but my poor girls really got squeezed in there! And even in this top, it’s not much better now.” Indeed, Dacy’s bikini top was clearly a push-up-and-together model. On her disproportionate body, the effect was stunning. Her cleavage was like the Grand Canyon of Sex.

Travis coughed a bit and changed the subject to some part of the day’s celebrations. This was a subject of endless conversation, but before long it veered around to the bouquet toss. And then:

“So Parker, why weren’t you on the floor for the garter toss?” someone asked.

Parker had seen this question coming, and had his answer ready. “My mother always taught me that the origins of the garter toss was the groom demonstrating his new right to strip his wife naked, if he wanted to. So it’s pretty freakin’ sexist.”

“There’s a lot in weddings that’s pretty sexist,” Lucy said.

“Besides,” Parker added, looking at Meagan, “I didn’t want there to be any pressure.”

“There’s always pressure, love,” Meagan said quietly. “It just depends on what’s getting squeezed.”

That sent a shiver through him.

Suddenly Clark shifted his arm around Dacy’s shoulders and untied the knot of her halter top, and quick as a flash jerked it down into the water. Dacy’s boobs sprang free.

“Clark!” Dacy yelped.

“Just exercising my husband-ly rights,” Clark said, unrepentant, “and relieving pressure.”

Rather than grabbing for her top, Dacy sank down into the water as Zephyr had—except her breasts were rather buoyant, and didn’t quite submerge all the way. Her nipples, with truly huge aureolae, were right on the water line.

Parker turned to kiss Meagan—and run a hand, gently, over her bladder. She stirred. As the kiss broke and he pulled away, she caught him and pulled him right back in. In his ear she whispered, “You still have my permission to stare.”

“More interested in you.”

“I know. Enjoy it all.”

They made out for a long moment. Somehow, in the kiss, she brushed against the front of his swim trunks. She never did that by accident. But feeling suddenly self-conscious, he looked up to realize that several of the other girls were taking off their bikini tops underwater. And Clark had now pulled Dacy into his lap, and his hands were barely visible just under the water line, cupping Dacy’s most prominent parts. A little subtle crotch-rubbing wasn’t going to be much noticed. He sized up all the ladies, but only briefly. Meagan was still more interesting than any of them.

After a while, though, Gina (still topped) again started making comments. “Get a room, you two!”

“Hmm, I think we’ve got one already,” Dacy said. “Shall we go there?”

“I dunno, I’m pretty comfortable where I am,” Clark said.

“I think we need to head up to bed,” Meagan said.

“Oh, yeah, you’ve had a loooong day!” Dacy said.

“And when the bride says that…” Meagan stood up. Only Parker noticed the slight tremor in her legs.

“You’re not going anywhere without a hug, though!” Dacy said—and stood up in the pool as well, entirely heedless of her toplessness. So Parker got an eyeful whether he wanted one or not. Both he and Meagan were cautious getting out of the pool, but for different reasons.

Meagan took him by the hand and swung her arm as they walked, totally young-lovey and carefree. Nobody, even someone looking quite closely, would have noticed how tightly she was gripping his hand. As for him, he was grateful to have a towel wrapped around his waist.

In the elevator, Meagan gingerly leaned back against the wall and let out a long breath. He was at her side in a flash.

“Careful,” she said. “Cameras.”

“How are you doing?”

“Oh, lover, this is so much further than I meant to go…”

“Too far?”

“Of course not. I’m Meagan the Mighty. But I won’t be able to last long for you.” She caressed his cheek. “I wanted to—” but just then they reached their floor and the elevator door slid open.

Meagan walked with extreme care down the hall, her bare wet feet slapping the faux hardwood. Parker remembered he was the one with the key card, since his swim trunks had pockets. He fumbled with his towel wrap. Meagan leaned against the wall beside the door, apparently relaxed—except for her white knuckles.

Finally he got the door open and Meagan pivoted inside. He followed her; she turned to meet him with a kiss. The second the door shut, she crossed her legs.

“I wanted you in me,” she said, low-voiced in his ear. “I still want you in me. But there’s no way. I’d burst all over the bed.” She kissed him again, and as she did she reached behind her back and undid the tie of her halter top. As her top fell loose from her breasts—still covering but only for a moment—Parker looked at all of her, crossed legs and nearly-bare breasts and strained but loving eyes, and felt a huge surge of affection and desire.

“How long do you have?” he asked.

“Another minute or two. Maybe five.”

“Can I be here for one of those minutes?” he asked, running two fingers up under the string of her top and between her breasts. “I wanna be in you, too, but while you’re holding.”

“Promise you won’t come?”

“Promise.”

She kissed him. “I think I can do that. Just for a minute.” She let the bikini top fall. He just about jumped her boobs, kissing them and fondling them. She nearly fell against the wall, eyes half-closing, legs still tightly crossed. Their breath was coming very fast.

“Where do you…?” she gasped.

“On the bed.”

“Better make it the floor, we’re still dripping wet.”

“I’ll grab another towel if you grab the lube.”

The towel only took a moment. She had to dig for the lube, half-crouched by her bag, one hand pressed between her legs. In the end he had to help her. She laid the towel down on the carpet and laid herself down on top of it, legs instantly double-knotting. He shed his trunks as she popped the top of the lube bottle and daubed a little between her breasts. Then she lay back.

As he climbed astride her he realized she was shaking, every muscle straining. He bent to kiss her forehead first. “Just another minute.”

“I know,” she said, looking up at him. “You promised.” She pressed her breasts together for him.

He slid in between, and gasped at the bliss of it. He was careful not to put any pressure on her at all. Even through her boobs he could feel her tension. But she felt so good around his hard-on… Another quick pump. Then another, slower.

“You promised me you wouldn’t come, too,” she said.

“I won’t,” he whispered, and let the next two go very slowly. “I just love fucking you when you’re full… when you’re holding all that for me…”

“I am full. So full. Bursting.” She knew how he liked to hear her say it. “I can’t hold it any longer.”

“Just a bit more…”

“No,” she said. “I just leaked—I’ve got about thirty more seconds.” She let her breasts drop away from his erection and pushed him gently back with a hand on his chest. “’Kay,” he said, getting off of her.

She sat up, thrust one hand between her legs and reached out the other to him. He hauled her to her feet, but all she could do was bend over. “I can’t even walk,” she said, and giggled.

“Allow me,” he said. He didn’t know what had come over him, didn’t think at all, but he picked her up in his arms and carried her across the threshold of the bathroom. She threw her free hand around his neck and kissed him passionately as he did.

He set her down on the toilet. As he did she suddenly said, “No, wait—”

“What?”

“Too late,” she moaned. A split second later her piss hit the water of the toilet bowl in a torrent, right through her bikini bottom.

As usual, it was a pure gusher, like she’d turned on a tap. It also took a little longer than usual.

She let out a sigh big enough and long enough to match the piss. “Well, at least it’s a bikini and not my underwear,” she said.

“Sorry, I didn’t think.”

“Neither did I. It’s okay.” She stood up and investigated the damage—which was impossible to see, since the fabric was still wet from the hot tub anyway.

“I don’t think any went down my legs,” she said, “but still, better wash up.”

“I thought you didn’t want to shower twice.”

“Still don’t. I’ll just do a quick sponge bath. You should too. Get the chlorine off, at least.”

“Or we could fuck right here in the shower…”

“Another time I might have said yes,” she answered, “but tonight I wanna make love to you properly. Ride you right.”

She peeled off the soaked bottom and quickly wiped herself down with a washcloth. He did the same. His hard-on had slackened a little, but then she took him by the hand and led him to bed.

“Lie back,” she told him. He did quickly.

She knelt beside him. She took him in one hand, fondled him slowly, lubed him up—all the while fingering herself with small light touches with the other hand.

“So hey,” she said, just barely above a whisper. “I just wanna thank you for all your help today. And for keeping all your promises.”

“What promises?”

“You didn’t let yourself come, for one.”

“I wanted to…”

“I know. I could feel how much you wanted to.”

“I could feel how much you wanted to let go.”

“Yeah. But we both kept our promises, didn’t we? To each other. To ourselves.”

“We’re a good team.”

“We’re an amazing team.” She slowed her stroking even more. “Just wanted to tell you that.”

A succession of images surged through his mind. Meagan tossing the bouquet on the table. Dacy and Clark sharing their first married kiss. Oddly, his parents. And Meagan, over and over Meagan. On the beach at Savannah. Peeing from the treehouse. Sitting on the picnic blanket and not breaking up with him. Pelting him with snowballs. Cooking naked for them both in the blacked-out apartment. Letting the rain fall on her in the early morning storm. With the images came a certainty that he had to ask, and a terror that if he didn’t, something awful would happen.

“Meagan…?”

She bent forward and interrupted him with a kiss. “Hey,” she said again, truly whispering this time. “Whatever it is, it can wait.”

“I just—”

“Relax,” she said. “Remember I just held it for you all day. Including in a hot tub.”

He tried one more time, he really did. But her stroking continued. And the images she was planting in her mind were… different. (Well, he’d remembered the treehouse.) He let himself relax, let memory take him.

“There you are,” she said. “Had me worried for a second. But now—”

She swung her leg over him and guided him in. She was so soft, so warm, so wet. And she was riding him just right, the way she’d promised.

Her breathing picked up speed. “Yeah, you feel just right,” she told him.

“You feel amazing.”

She gave him two good thrusts, then slowed her pace, arching her neck and her back, eyes going mostly closed, mouth falling slightly open, one hand on his chest, one hand at work on her clit. He watched her every second.

Then she leaned forward and kissed him, not missing her rhythm. When the kiss broke she said, “You know I love you, don’t you?”

“Yes. I know.”

“So much.”

“You know I love you?”

“I do know. Better than anyone has ever loved me. Ever.” She sat up to ride him more. Then she added, between thrusts, “And I’m not just saying that because of how fantastic this is.”

“It’s fantastic because of you saying it.”

She smiled. “That. That right there. The sweetness of you. And the honesty. How’re you doin’?”

“I’m getting there.”

“So am I. Don’t hold back. Come on into me.”

“Come all around me.”

“Don’t mind if I do…”

And she did. He climaxed in the middle of hers. And it was beautiful.

Then they took a shower together, which was always fun.

But it was afterward, when they got under the sheets (still naked) and cuddled in the dark—that was what he always remembered.

“Dacy got married,” he murmured.

“Mmmhmm.”

“I’m sorry if I got weird about the garter toss.”

“No, no, not weird at all. You had a darn good reason. I never liked the garter part myself, and now I know why.”

He chuckled.

“And frankly,” she went on, “it all works out really well.”

“Oh?”

“If you’d gone out there and caught the garter, after I caught the bouquet? Everyone would be demanding to know when we were getting hitched.”

“And you don’t want to.”

She propped herself up on one arm, there in the dark of the hotel room. “That’s what’s been on your mind,” she said.

“Yeah.”

“Promise me something, Parker.”

“Anythi—wait. Tell me.”

He saw the flash of her teeth as she grinned. “Promise me that you’ll stay with me as long as you want to. And you’ll leave me the day—the minute—you no longer want to stay. As soon as I start to hurt you, as soon as it’s no longer good, make it quick, and just go.”

He thought it over. “I will. But I’m also gonna promise that ‘good’ and ‘fun’ aren’t the same. ‘Good’ and ‘perfect’ definitely aren’t.”

He heard her hair rustle as she nodded. “And I promise you the exact same thing. I love you so much, and I want to be with you so much. But if that changes, I’ll go.”

“Okay.”

“There. That’s better than marriage. If I’m still here when you wake up tomorrow, and if I’m still here when you go to bed after that, you’ll know it’s because I chose to. Every day, I choose you.”

“And I choose you right back.”

She bent down and kissed him. They made out, not hungrily, but tenderly (and definitely wearily), until they couldn’t any more; then they cuddled until well after they fell asleep.

