Recreation of bursting bus ride

Author: writtingnow21

*000*2022-10-11 23:16

Recreation of a story from EasyHag years ago

The story was called bursting bus ride or something like that, I don’t know the original poster but this is a Re-master of the story.

I was waiting for the bus to my apartment one evening. While waiting, I struck up a conversation with the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. She had straight blond hair, and very nice breasts and her figure was that of a supermodel. As we talked, I noticed she seemed to shift her stance. She was wearing a white tank top with horizontal blue stripes and a white short skirt. The bus was running about 15 minutes late. At one point she started bouncing and crossing her legs.

“Are you all right?” I asked.

“Yes, haha, I just really need to pee.” As she said this, she pressed a hand to her crotch.

“well, let’s hope the bus gets here soon!” I said, secretly hoping the bus would take longer so I could keep watching her desperate dance. After a while, during which she had bent to tie her shoe and I glimpsed that she had panties that matched her top, the bus arrived. Together we boarded the bus. The only seats available were next to each other at the very back.

She was ahead of me as we made our way down the aisle. On the way to the seats, something caused her to trip and fall down. I bent to help her up, but not before hearing a brief, hissing and seeing a small wet patch appear on her briefly exposed panties. We got to our seats and sat down. My stop was the last one on the route so I knew she would get off before me, but that didn’t stop me from enjoying seeing her squirm in the seat next to me, jiggling her legs as she crossed and uncrossed them.

We continued making small talk, though I couldn’t help but not be fully focused on her words. After a while, about 40 minutes into the ride, she gasped suddenly, put both hands under her skirt, and bent forward in the seat.

“Ohhhhh! I have to pee so bad, I really think I’m going to have an accident here!” My dick was already getting hard before this, now I had to shift so she couldn’t see it.

“When’s your stop?” I asked.

“Near the end of the route, I’m seriously not going to make it though”

She groaned in desperation, pressing her thighs together. I don’t know what came over me then, but I spoke up.

“I have an Idea that may spare you some humiliation. You can sit in my lap and if you do pee yourself, It’ll look like I had the accident and you’ll be spared the embarrassment.” Of course, at first I got a strange look from her, but then, she gasped and grabbed herself again from another wave of desperation.

“Are you sure? I normally would never consider this but I can’t hold it much longer!” I nodded my head.

Looking around, she quickly stood up and sat on my lap. I wrapped my arms around her waist to keep her from falling. She began squirming in my lap, and the sensation brought me to full staff. I could tell she felt it because she paused her squirming and looked at me over her shoulder. Rather than getting off my lap, she began grinding herself against it slowly and deliberately. 

After a while, she whispered. “I’m going to put a blanket over us, then, you can take it out if you want.” I nodded as she pulled a blanket and draped it over her lap and mine. She whispered “ok, hurry up before I burst!” I unzipped my pants and pulled my throbbing cock out. She closed her thighs around it and started rubbing against it. I could feel the spot where she’d leaked earlier, wet against my penis. I groaned softly as she did this. Occasionally she stopped grinding and squeezed her thighs tightly together, pressing herself against my dick to hold her pee in. After a while, she did this and I felt her leak!

“Fuck I’m about to pee, fuck.” Suddenly she reached under her skirt, her hand brushed against me as she pulled her panties to the side. I could feel her vagina against my shaft and a jet of pee hitting it. She whispered frantically “Take me! Please!” I nodded consent and she adjusted herself. I stifled my moan as best I could, feeling her warm, soft, wet, pussy slide around my cock. She started subtly bouncing up and down on it, her breathing was unsteady from desperation and pleasure. We kept at this for a while, and suddenly she gasped “fuuuuck” and I felt warm wetness surrounding my cock. She sighed and fully relaxed as she peed, causing the stream to flow full force, spraying down the sides of my penis which was still inside her. 

She suddenly continued bouncing up and down on me as the urine kept flowing out of her, finally the flow stopped. Neither of us had reached climax, but I looked around. And realized we were at my stop. “Hey, we’re at my stop, you must’ve missed yours.” I pulled out of her and zipped back up as she put her panties in place.

“Damnit” she exclaimed as she got off my lap. There was a huge wet spot on my pants now. As I stood up, i turned to her and asked

“How about you stay the night with me?” She opened her eyes wide and then nodded yes. She took my hand and we left the bus. When we got to my apartment, she immediately turned to me and started kissing me. We wasted no time in getting undressed and into bed.

