The Gentleman: Big Piss on Campus

Author: Weasel

*000*2017-09-30 19:49

Hey everybody! Look, tags! I'm coming up in the world.

Welcome to Part 3 of my series. Part 1 is here

And Part 2 is here

This series is about 99% fiction in terms of the plot but pretty true when it comes to Parker's internal conflict over how he should react to his fetish. In the first two parts he wasn't too happy about it (and neither was the girl). But third time's the charm, they say...

Two fun facts about this story!

1) I mentioned the series was 99% fiction. One of the bits that isn't fiction is the Campus Challenge described in this story. Back in the long-gone days of my youth, back when you needed a .edu email address to get on to Facebook (such primitive times!), there was a FB group called "I Like Peeing Outside More Than Inside," so of course I took a look, and I saw a pee-on-every-building-on-campus challenge posted once. Apparently the security building was the hardest. It sounded like it was mostly guys (not my thing -- but story possibility for some other person, some other day?) but I did see a couple cute girls mentioned in connection to it...

2) Like I've said elsewhere I really have wrestled with my fetish. One of the ways I've done that is by destroying all my stories. Shara & Ger's site had some, including old versions of the two stories I've posted before. So when I wanted to restart the series, I had those copies to work from. But this story right here? Twice written and twice deleted. I had to write this third version from memory alone. Is it better? Is it worse? I can't tell anymore! But then neither can you because this story is never before seen by anyone else in the world. In fact you might even call it a "deleted scene."

But I'm still pretty darn pleased with this one.

Okay, enough trivia that only I care about. STORY TIME

~~~~~~~~

The Gentleman: Big Piss on Campus

Parker's college was kind of out in the middle of nowhere. It didn't have a huge reputation as a techie school—only a small computer-science program, for example—but Parker's mom had gone there and he'd really liked the campus atmosphere when he'd visited. Plus it did have a film-studies program, and while he was interested in film, and had done plenty of camera work in high school, he wasn't sure that's exactly what he wanted to be doing. He had other interests, too—he'd been good at the sciences in general, and the school did have a good reputation for its science program. He was particularly interested in the astronomy courses; there was a small observatory on campus.

It was also a cool campus in general—all brick and ivy. And more than two-thirds of the campus was undeveloped woods. A miniature forest out back, just a few minute's walk away! Parker found this surprisingly cool.

He wound up taking a grab-bag of courses. The college required some basic liberal-arts classes, and while the first semester course was terrible, his second one was surprisingly good, and he'd quite enjoyed the stories and philosophy it opened up. And he'd really enjoyed the intro-to-biology course, as well as the computer science courses he'd naturally enrolled in. But the big delight was astronomy, his second semester, and the highlight of the year had been the cold late-February night when the professor had taken them out to the observatory and showed them the the rings of Saturn and the mountains on the moon.

Parker also had had an introduction to the more extracurricular side of college: partying.

His main connection was Carl, also known as CJ, a sophomore in the CS department. Carl's alter ego was CDJ, and he was known across campus as a capable guy to DJ a party: he put a lot of good thought into his playlists and occasionally slipped in his own remixes. This was tolerated out of school pride. And in his role as CDJ, he had a standing offer to the whole campus: if he got all the beer (or Red Bull) he could drink, he and his equipment—specifically a stack of amps, his soundboard, and his computer and devices—would turn up and provide all the music that could be asked. Parker was somewhat in awe of CJ, who enjoyed the hero worship and enjoyed imparting his wisdom. Parker's techie skills were more in the visual side of the A/V spectrum rather than audio, but he knew cables and he learned fast, so CJ took him on as an apprentice. This meant that if Parker worked a party (and set up the amps), he, too, got free beer.

A week or two after the trip out to the observatory, Parker worked a party where he got far more than free beer.

The winter was passing, and midterms had just passed, so everyone was unwinding. The party house was packed to the rafters. Movement was difficult, though there was plenty of dancing nevertheless. The warmer weather (and the party's close confines) had led to a lot of warm-weather clothing, particularly on the girls, which Parker found both quite enjoyable and a little frustrating.

Parker, making good use of the free-beer stamp on his hand, went to refill his classic red cup. The kegs were stashed in ice, and the best place to stash ice was in the shower. So the downstairs bathroom was essentially out of commission as a bathroom, what with the constant stream of people coming and going for refills, though some people used it anyway.

The line for refills was moving somewhat slowly, but eventually Parker got to the bathroom and stepped up to fill his cup. The dude manning the kegs, to make sure that everyone had the stamps showing they'd paid their share, was arguing with a girl about something, and a phrase caught Parker's ears:

“—seriously thought this was the line for the bathroom. I've been waiting for ten minutes!”

“I'm telling you, go upstairs, go outside, or go right here, I don't care which,” the beer dude said, taking Parker's cup and starting to fill it. “I just can't leave, I've got customers.”

“You can't leave for just two minutes? Ninety seconds! I can pee fast.”

The dude shook his head. “No can do.”

“Totally can do,” Parker said.

Both of them looked at him. “What?” the dude asked.

“Dude. It's just for a minute. Give a girl some privacy.”

“She can go upstairs!”

“It's insane out there,” the girl said. “I don't know if I can even make it to the staircase, let alone the bathroom. And I heard someone was puking his guts out anyway.”

The dude shrugged and reached past Parker for the next cup. “Sorry.”

“Oh, come on,” Parker said. “It's not that big a deal.”

“Okay, you two are starting to piss me off,” the dude said.

Parker was about to open his mouth when the girl rolled her eyes and said, “Mmmmmmmkay. Fine,” and left the room.

Parker followed her and tapped her on the shoulder. “You gonna be okay?” he asked, as she turned.

She beamed at him. She had the cutest freckles and dimples, he noticed, in a round face, with green eyes. And her shoulder-length brunette hair was tinged with red. “Oh sure. But thanks for asking. And thanks for speaking up for me.”

Parker shrugged. “Didn't seem fair.”

“That's because it wasn't fair.” She held out her hand. “I'm Meagan.”

“Parker.”

“Cool. Nice meeting you, Parker. And now, apparently, I have to go look for an unoccupied bathroom.”

“Hope you find one.”

“I'll just go back to the dorm. I didn't want to leave, but I'm starting to find this whole party very uninviting.”

“Was that a Firefly reference?”

“Why, yes it was.”

“Shiny.”

She grinned. “See you around?”

“I hope so.”

Well, that was cool, Parker thought. I hope she makes it.

CJ had drawn a small crowd, so Parker went back to see if there was anything that needed to be done. Turned out there was not; just a few admirers. One was a slender blonde wearing a white tank top and gray sweatpants. She seemed a bit under-dressed even for this party, but she was absolutely stunning: her boobs were the perfect mix of round and perky, and yet it didn't even look like she was wearing a bra. Parker tried not to stare and just listened. She was talking, in a cute European accent—German or Swedish or something—about how there was so much hidden away on campus that she'd never known about, and so many random activities.

“What else should I do?” she demanded of the group.

“Been in Taylor Hall?”

“I don't even know where that is.”

“Yeah, nobody remembers it!”

And so it went, until one guy said, “Have you done the campus challenge?”

“I have not,” she said. “What is that?”

“Real simple,” the guy said. “Piss on every building on campus.”

“That is not so much of a challenge,” the blonde replied.

“It is for girls,” one of the others said.

“You have not seen me pee,” the blonde retorted. “Well. How many buildings are there?”

“Forty-four or forty-six, depending on how you count it,” said the first guy.

“And how many have you done?” the blonde said.

“Twenty-five or so. It's hard to keep track.”

“Well, I'll have to start right away then, hadn't I?” she said. She immediately finished her drink and waved her cup in the air. “I will need more beer...”

“I'll get you some,” Parker volunteered.

Parker got the beer, though it meant standing in line and staring down the dude at the keg, and returned as quickly as he could.

“Thank you, darling,” she said in that adorable (Polish? Russian?) accent. “Such a gentleman. You Americans are all so bad-mannered, but this boy knows how to treat a lady. What's your name?”

“Parker.”

“Parker. And I am Lara.”

Parker managed to squelch his first response—Just like Tomb Raider, right down to the boobs!—and managed to carry on the conversation. After Lara had finished the beer Parker brought her, which she did alarmingly quickly, she wiped her mouth and said, “All right. I am going to piss on some buildings. Who is coming with me?”

“What, right now?”

“I'm only here for another few months, and you all have a head start on me! So yes, tonight, right now.”

A small crowd followed Lara outside, apparently drawn by the prospect of seeing her drop her pants. “We start here!” she announced at the side of the house, where not a few people had been pissing already. A few guys stood against the wall to pee, and one girl squatted in the corner between the house and the fence. Lara, in contrast, remained largely standing, but bent forward. (This set off her boobs to even better advantage, and Parker became entirely convinced she wasn't wearing a bra.) She pulled her sweatpants down just far enough—and let out a brief but thunderous blast of pee against the side of the house, a stream that shot straight backward and spattered against the wall, as if she'd put it there with a dick. Then just two seconds later, she cut off her flow, bobbed her butt energetically to shake off any droplets, and stood up again. There were cheers and applause. It had all happened so fast Parker hadn't even had time to get hard.

“Where to next?” Lara asked.

“Nearest classroom building is the science hall,” said the guy who'd mentioned the challenge in the first place.

“Then we go!”

It was a somewhat smaller party that headed out for the science lab. Here the challenger pointed out a good place to hide: a stairwell down to the basement. Lara trotted down the stairs and repeated her performance earlier, but no one joined her. Instead, a few whistled. She glared at the group indignantly as she pulled up her pants. “This is not a free show,” she said. “If you do not piss with me, you are not welcome here. Go!” And she stood with her arms crossed, tapping her foot, until the gawkers started to move off.

“Parker, where are you going?” Lara asked as he walked away with the crowd.

“I can't pee right now,” Parker said—and then, because she looked so disappointed, and because he'd had a fair amount of beer, he went for broke. “It's mostly because you look incredibly hot doing that, and, well... it's kinda hard right now.”

Lara laughed and took him by the arm. “Cute and honest and funny. I will hold on to this boy, I think.”

That seemed enough to dissuade most of the remaining gawkers, and by the fourth building, it was just the two of them.

How is this happening? Parker wondered. How is this possibly happening? Am I dreaming?

As Lara pulled her sweatpants back up from this fourth building, she had to pause for a second.

“You okay?” Parker asked.

“I am fine,” Lara said. “It is only that the one way I can piss straight backward like this is if I am quite full. And when I have been letting out a little at a time like this, the rest wants to come out even more. So I am a little urgent!”

“I didn't know that getting desperate could make you pee farther.”

“Oh yes. For women at least. When I was a girl back home I got into a pissing contest with my boy cousins who live in the country. We went riding up the mountain so we would have privacy. I drank so much water I nearly popped like a balloon. But when I finally went, everyone was so amazed by how far I pissed.”

“So you won?”

“Oh no! We rode our donkeys up the hill, and just as I was finishing, one of them let go. The donkey won.”

Parker laughed, and Lara did too, and then she had to bend over with her hands between her legs.

This put some further blood into Parker's cock... and it also put Lara at eye level.

“So,” she purred as she slowly straightened up, “does it make you hard that I must piss?”

Parker froze. What could he say to that? What could he possibly say?

Lara draped her arms around his shoulders. “Don't be shy,” she said. “It is quite obvious. And I really do not mind if it excites you.” And with that she pressed herself to him. He could feel the perfect mounds of her boobs against his chest—and a third bump down near her crotch.

“I don't mind at all,” Lara whispered in his ear, and then she kissed him. Her tongue slipped between his slack-jawed lips.

A few moments later she broke away so she could cross her legs. Slightly bent over, she grinned up at him. “Sorry. I am getting quite urgent and you are—what is it? 'Pitching a tent'? It was pressing on me.”

Parker blushed so hard he nearly popped a blood vessel.

“Say something, dear boy,” Lara said, straightening up and taking him by the arm.

“I... I can't believe this is happening.”

“No? I will make you believe it.” She suddenly grinned impishly and rolled her eyes. “But first I need to do something else...”

At the next building, it took a few moments for them to find a sufficiently secluded spot, and once Lara had sprayed her piss on the wall behind a tree, it took her a long time to get her pants back up. She walked back to where Parker was standing watch (in several senses) with a slow, awkward gait.

“Everything okay?”

“I don't know how much longer I can keep the rest in,” Lara said. “It is almost coming out right now.” She glanced around and then slid two fingers under the waistband of her sweats to press against her crotch directly. After a moment she took them away again. “It's close,” she said, her voice a little tight. “Let's hurry.”

The next building was a little distance away: there was a road to a parking lot first, with a broad grassy lawn between the road and the building. At this time of night there wasn't a ton of traffic, but as they approached, a car came by—and then, behind it at just the wrong distance, another one. As the cars were getting close to the parking lot, they had to slow down as they approached. So Lara, shuffling from foot to foot, had to wait as they went by. As the second one slowed, she said something in a language Parker didn't understand. She sounded irritated.

Then the way was clear and they could cross, and Lara started to run across the lawn—but she only got a few strides before she had to stop, jamming her legs together, bent double. She slowly straightened up, and then made her way toward the next building more cautiously. As she and Parker approached, they could see that the nearest wall of the building was edged with some nice new landscaping, all of it quite short and providing absolutely no cover, with two tall lampposts nearby shining down plenty of light.

“Maybe there's more cover around on the other side,” Parker said.

“Fuck cover,” Lara said, and she walked straight through the landscaping. She put her back to the wall, sprayed a quick blast, and then dropped into a squat and pissed the rest of the river she'd been holding. Parker watched, fascinated.

Lara did her little butt-bob to clear the droplets from her crotch, then pulled her sweatpants up quickly and walked back to join him.

“Well,” she said. “Did you like that?”

“A lot.”

“Good,” she said with a sly smile. “Now. Why don't you come back to my room?”

“Okay...”

Lara's room, however, was occupied by her roommate and a guy, who looked as if they'd been making out until five seconds before, and so Lara simply waved, grabbed two water bottles, and left the room quickly.

“Fuck,” Lara said. “I did not know she was home. Your room?”

“My roomie's always there.”

Lara sighed. “And the library is closed by now. Hmm.” She glanced down at the bottles. “Well, as long as we are looking for a place... I might as well keep working on the challenge, eh? Especially since you seem to like it so much.” She chugged the half-full bottle, then took a few sips from the other and offered it to Parker.

He took a sip. Clearly it was some fairly potent booze concoction. “Wow. What's in this?”

“Vodka, of course.” Lara went back to the main lobby and refilled the other bottle with water from the drinking fountain. Then she led the way back out into the night, alternating big swigs from the water bottle and sips from the vodka. Parker trailed in her wake, and occasionally took some vodka as well.

“Aren't you going to pee here?” Parker asked as they passed a dorm.

“I am not full enough yet,” she said. “But it will probably not be long. So let us walk while we wait for me to fill. And perhaps we shall find a good place for something else.” She glanced at his crotch. “You are not quite as big as you were a moment ago.”

“Peeing turns me on. You're not peeing right now.”

She pouted. “Am I not attractive other ways?”

“Oh, god yes. But when you're peeing, you're ungodly hot.”

She laughed, then gave him a sly smile. “Well then! Let us go to the building that is farthest away. By the time I am there I will need to piss again. Then we will work our way backward.” She took several big gulps of water and a double-shot-sized swallow of vodka to reinforce her words, then turned back to Parker. “Where is the farthest building?”

Inspiration struck. “The observatory!”

“I have no idea where that is!”

“That way. Way out there. Past the sports fields.”

“Perfect!” And off she strode. Parker hurried after.

As they approached the last streetlight in the last parking lot, before the darkness of the athletic fields and the undeveloped part of campus, Lara said, “It is very dark out there.”

“It's not too hard to see when you're out there,” Parker said. “There's still some light.”

“Not as far as I can see. So... watch!”

As they approached the limit of the streetlight's glare, Lara suddenly put a hand on his chest to stop him, took a step back, and flashed him. It was over in a flash, just lifting the hem of her white tank top up to her neck and then dropping it back, but it was enough. Enough to get a full if fleeting glimpse of her boobs, nipples and all—for she was indeed not wearing a bra.

“So,” she said. “Am I not hot?”

Parker swallowed and stammered something unintelligible.

“Good enough!” she laughed. And then she crossed her legs. “But I am also needing to piss soon. So I think you will be happy either way.”

“I don't think you really need to worry about that...”

They plunged into the darkness, working their way to the rudimentary football field with its attendant buildings. “Wanna pee on these?” Parker asked.

“Will it make you nice and hard?”

“Does a bear piss in the woods?”

She laughed, and went over to the nearest building. She did her usual squat, letting out a one-second piss. After she cut off her stream, she gasped and remained bent over.

“What? What's wrong?”

“I don't think I can do that again,” Lara said. “Remember that it wants to come out even more?”

“Uh-huh.”

“Well, now it wants to come out very, very much. Also it is colder out here. Can we hurry? Please?”

In the dark it took Parker a moment to find the gravel road that turned off to the observatory. He pretended he wasn't sure which way to go, as Lara stood waiting patiently with crossed legs. When he finally “decided,” she made a small pleased noise and hurried along the road, turning back when he walked a little more slowly.

“Hurry, please!” she said.

“Hey, I'm coming, I'm coming.”

“I thought you wanted to see this,” she said. “If we don't get there soon I will piss right into my pants.”

“I said I'm coming!”

The gravel road was longer than Parker remembered. After a while he began to wonder if he really had gone the right way. When they came to the trees he realized he hadn't. “Crap,” he said. “We went the wrong way.”

Lara groaned, and went striding back the way they'd come in haste. Then she had to stop to shake a stone out of her flip-flops. Then she kept hurrying, back to the Y-intersection, and up the other way.

Then she stopped and stood, cross-legged again, for a moment. She took another step, then stopped dead again, this time with her hands pressed into her crotch. Parker hurried up, and realized she'd reached inside her sweatpants to do so. “You okay?” he asked.

“I need help, Parker, a little,” she said, in a slightly tight voice. She muttered something in her native language, then explained, “It is right there. If I walk, I piss. But I do not want to piss into my pants. Is it far?”

Parker looked up the road, and saw the dome of the observatory silhouetted against the starry sky. “No, it's right there.”

“I think I can make it,” Lara said. “But I must take off my pants in case I leak. But I can't take my hands away from my... my...”

“Crotch,” Parker supplied.

“Whatever.” Lara was starting to sound a little exasperated. “So I need you take my pants off. Can you do that?”

“Uh... yeah?”

“Good boy.”

Parker crouched down in front of her and pulled the sweats off her hips and past her hands where they were pressed against her crotch. She was wearing no underwear. In the dim light he could still peek around her fingers to see that her pubic hair, surprisingly dark, was trimmed short.

“Do you like it?” Lara asked.

“Yes.”

“Good. Then can you finish, please?”

Lara took one hand away from her crotch to lean on his shoulder and lifted up one foot. Parker pulled the sweats off over the ankle, then repeated the process for her other foot.

As soon as he was done, Lara took the pants from him with her spare hand and kept the other pressing on her groin, then strode off up the gravel. He hurried after her, realizing just how painfully hard he was.

A few yards further up the road, a light flicked on. It was almost blinding after the darkness. Lara gasped and froze. So did Parker, until he remembered what it was. “Motion-sensor light,” he said. “It's automatic. No one's here.”

Lara swore in her native language again. “I pissed a little, because of that,” she said. She ran the rest of the way. This treated Parker to a truly stunning sight: Lara's lithe body perfectly silhouetted against the darkness, as good as naked with the tight tank-top; her breasts bobbing and swaying as she ran; her hand pressed to her crotch; and then a sparkling on the back of her legs, where the light caught the pee that was running down them.

Lara turned to put her back to the building. Parker ran up after her. She was cursing in her own language, softly, steadily, the same word every time. “Ready?” she said.

“So ready.”

She bent over.

“Wait...”

She looked up at him. Emotions flashed across her face: incredulity, frustration, then a flash of pure desperation. “I am already going,” she said in a husky whisper, and he heard the droplets hit the ground. “Pull it out.”

He fumbled with his zipper, got his dick loose. She took him in her hand and started to stroke. Then, at the same moment, she let go.

Her piss thundered against the wall.

Lara's whole body relaxed. Her eyes closed in pure pleasure, and she gave a sigh of blissful relief. And Parker came, spurting uncontrollably in her hand.

The first blast splashed on her cheek, as she had been pulling him toward her mouth. She jerked him downward, and the rest instead splattered between her thighs to join the substantial puddle forming at her feet. She kept stroking him, however, and more shudders ran through his body. Lara shook her head and wiped her cheek off with her free hand.

“Too fast,” she said, “much too fast. I had plans for that.”

“Sorry,” Parker gasped.

“It is okay,” she said. “You must make it up to me, though.”

“How?”

Her flow trickled off, and she did her butt-bob again. “How? Go down on your knees.”

He blushed. “I, uh, don't know how to do that. Actually, I don't really know about any of this...”

“I know. On your knees, boy, and do what I tell you.”

Later, she caressed his hair. “You are a virgin, Parker,” she said, not asking.

“...Yeah.”

“Am I the first woman to touch you?”

“Yeah.”

“And you like pissing. Dear boy. No wonder you came so quickly. Well, I forgive you. But you have a lot to learn.”

And there was something in her voice that made Parker realize this was a one-time deal.

*004*2017-10-03 03:00

Part 4 is definitely coming. And Part 5, too!

But after scrolling my way down through all that to get to people's comments, I'm wondering: would it be better for folks if I broke up the stories a bit? Made them less intimidating, not Huge Walls O' Text?

