Wetting someone else's bed

Author: Wet19

*000*2019-08-24 01:59

*Ding dong*

Stacy could hear the doorbell ring through the door as Mike pushed the button. Standing in the cold they could see their breaths in the slightly yellow porch light. The main door opened and Maryann greeted them as she opened the glass storm door. Kristin, Stacy and Mike's 4 year old daughter, was the first to enter the house, followed by her parents.

"Welcome! Everyone's in the dining area. There's snacks on the counter and dinner will be done in about an hour." Maryann said as she closed the doors. Stacy, Mike and Kristin shed their winter layers. Kristin took off down the stairs with the other children while Stacy and Mike joined the adults in the dining area. Everyone was sat at the dining table. A game of Cards Against Humanity was already in progress.

"Hey, good to see you bro!" Troy bellowed from the other end of the table as he stood up to hug Mike. Troy and Mike are brothers, and Maryann is Troy's wife. Friendly greetings went around the table as well as a promise to deal them in on the next round. Mike popped open a beer and took a seat at the table. Stacy watched the game for a minute, then she turned away and headed upstairs toward the bathroom. She reached the bathroom, but kept walking, straight past it into the master bedroom. She sat down on Maryann's side of the bed and slid back so that the backs of her calves were right up against the side of the mattress. She quickly glanced around to make sure she was alone, then she relaxed and released.

Her crotch exploded with warmth as she began to pee her pants. She looked down and became turned on at the sight of the shiny black fabric of her leggings and the pee cascading in combination with the ecstatic feeling of her urine flowing. It pooled around her butt momentarily before soaking through the comforter, blankets, and sheets into the mattress. She could hear the faint hiss as her very full bladder forcefully expelled its contents into her panties and leggings. She involuntarily let out a sigh of relief as her bladder neared empty. She squeezed to empty as much as she could, then she squeezed again, and one more time until nothing more came out. She sat in her wetness and enjoyed it's warmth for a moment, resisting the temptation to pleasure herself, as she knew she would get some of that later from someone else.

Stacy stood up. She glanced out the doorway, nobody in sight. She turned and admired her soaked butt in the full length mirror. Her leggings clearly showed the wetness at the moment, but it was fading fast. She stood there waiting for a minute, then looked again. Hardly noticeable. She headed back downstairs.

The only seat not taken was a stool that had a fabric cushion on it. Stacy didn't want get the fabric cushion wet.

"Another beer!" Mike said standing up from the wooden chair. Stacy took the opportunity to steal the wooden chair and Mike sat on the stool upon his return from the fridge. Maryann got up and tended to something in the oven in the kitchen. A few minutes later, Stacy glanced over to see Maryann heading upstairs. Stacy's heart started to beat a little faster, she started to sweat lightly and tremble. A moment later, Stacy's phone vibrated. It was a text message from Maryann:

"Did you pee on my bed?!?"

Stacy's stomach dropped, then she responded simply: "Yes"

"Come up here" Maryann replied. Stacy sat for a moment trying not to tremble. A voice from across the table shook her back to life:

"Are you okay Stacy?"

She forced a smile and responded "Yeah I'm fine, just a...uh...odd message from a friend. I'm gonna go call them real quick." She set her cards down and left the table, trying to act casual as she headed upstairs.

Maryann closed the door behind Stacy after she entered the master bedroom. Stacy heard the lock click.

*SMACK*

Stacy jumped, startled by Maryann slapping her butt. "Naughty girl." Maryann said with feigned sincerity. She grabbed Stacy's shirt and threw her on the bed. Stacy's hand landed right in the cold pee spot on the comforter. Maryann climbed onto the bed, straddling Stacy while she unbuttoned her blouse. She leaned down and joined her lips to Stacy's and they began to kiss. Stacy's arousal doubled when suddenly warm wetness was flooding over her legs and lower abdomen as Maryann peed her pants on top of Stacy. Stacy wrapped her arms around Maryann and pulled her closer. She nimbly unfastened Maryann's bra and they broke their kiss only long enough to toss it aside. Maryann pulled Stacy's shirt off and removed her bra as well. Their hands fondled each other's pee soaked butts and crotches as their breasts complemented each other.

A minute later Maryann jumped up out of the bed. She quickly yanked off her pants and panties and tossed them aside. Stacy did the same. Maryann dug in a nightstand drawer for a moment and then produced a double ended dildo. Stacy smiled. She tossed it to Stacy, who immediately inserted it into herself. Maryann knelt on the edge of the bed and used her fingers as she watched Stacy use the dildo for a moment, then she positioned herself scissor style with Stacy and took the other end of the dildo into herself. They humped each other until both had orgasmed, trying as hard as they could to stay quiet. They laid together for a moment, then Maryann looked at the clock.

"18 minutes. Think anyone noticed we were gone?" Maryann asked.

"They will if the food burns, when do you have to take it out?"

"Shit!" Maryann exclaimed, glancing at the clock again. "I have to take it out in three minutes."

"Better get down there!" Stacy said rolling out of the bed. Maryann also got up and they both started to get dressed. Stacy put her wet panties and leggings back on. They were much more soaked now than they had been earlier, but remarkably it wasn't noticeable on the black fabric. Maryann put her wet panties back one, but she had to change her pants because she had been wearing jeans that clearly showed she had peed herself. She found another pair that looked almost exactly alike so nobody would know. They took a moment to fix their hair and makeup in the mirror, then headed out of the room.

The two of them quickly crafted a short conversation to make it look like Stacy had been discussing some imaginary problem with a non-existent friend as they walked down the stairs together. Stacy was nervous about how wet her pants were. Even though it wasn't visible, they were pretty soaked and if anyone brushed against them, they would feel it. Stacy decided to follow Maryann into the kitchen and offer her help to avoid the crowd of people around the table. She got through the evening without incident and was mostly dry an hour or so later.

Just after mid-night, the other guests had left. Mike and Troy were still at the table sipping beers and discussing cars. Stacy and Maryann had migrated to the living room and were seated on the couch having their own discussion. Kristin had fallen asleep in a large comfy recliner in the living room.

"Ready to go babe? I'm tired." Mike's voice carried from the dining area. Stacy and Maryann stood up and headed that way.

"Yeah, I'm ready." Stacy responded. Mike picked up their sleeping daughter and put on her winter wear in a similar manner to dressing a doll, then Stacy and Mike got on their winter wear. They all said their goodbyes and the three of them went out to face the bitter cold.

They puffed white steam like locomotives as they approached their car. Mike, being responsible, handed the keys to his wife since she hadn't been drinking. He strapped sleeping Kristin in her car seat and then strapped himself in the passenger seat. Stacy buckled herself in, started the car, began to pull out of the driveway, not without turning on the heater of course.

"Is your friend ok?" Mike asked.

"What? What friend?" Stacy asked, legitimately confused for a moment.

"The one who sent you the odd message. You went upstairs to call her. Are they ok?"

"Oh..." Stacy's stomach twisted a bit. "well..." She stammered and glanced at Kristin in the rear view mirror. "There was no friend. The message was from Maryann."

"Oh. Is she ok?" Mike asked innocently.

"Yeah, she's good... She's...very good." Stacy said dreamily. In his intoxicated state, Mike almost didn't pick up on the slight emphasis.

"oh...What did you two talk about? I came up to use the bathroom and saw the bedroom door closed, I figured it was probably intense."

Stacy mumbled "You have no idea."

"What?" Mike asked.

"Uh...I mean... We didn't talk..." Stacy admitted.

"You... didn't talk?" Sober Mike probably would have put two and two together, but he was sleepy and a bit loopy.

"We fucked." Stacy blurted out bluntly. A look of surprise sprang over Mike's face.

"You fucked!?!" He almost shouted.

"Ssshhh!! You'll wake Kristin!" Stacy hissed.

"Sorry." Mike said quietly glancing at his daughter over his shoulder.

"You fucked?!?" he repeated in loud whisper.

"Yep. We did." Stacy replied. Mike stared out the windshield, a look of drunken surprise on his face.

"You were only up there for like 15 minutes." Mike said with a touch of disbelief.

"!8." Stacy said, unable to detach the proud tone from her voice.

Mike looked at her "18! Damn! That must be a new record! Don't you two usually take like an hour?"

"We've done it in 25 minutes before." Stacy said. Mike looked surprised again. Stacy noticed his pants bulging, barely containing his erection. She smiled, knowing she was about to get laid a second time tonight.

"When was this?" Mike asked.

"Uh..." Stacy thought back. "You remember when your family had that family reunion at the camp ground in Colorado?"

"Holy shit, that was like two and half yeas ago!" Mike exclaimed. Stacy just nodded her head. She and Maryann had been having an affair for just over three years. It was secret to everyone except Mike and Troy.

They pulled into the garage of their house and got out as the door rolled down behind the car. Stacy walked around the car and stood next to Mike as he got Kristin out of her car seat. She pulled her boots off, then relaxed and began to pee her pants again. Mike glanced down at the glistening wetness rapidly spreading down her legs and pooling around her feet on the concrete. He shut the car door, shot his wife a quick smile and headed inside with their still sleeping daughter. Holding her boots in one hand, Stacy stood there peeing herself until her bladder was empty. Not needing to worry about people seeing her wet now, she went right inside the house, leaving wet footprints across the concrete in the garage and the carpet in the house.

Stacy met Mike in the bedroom where they reminisced about Stacy and Maryann's latest intimacy while having some intimacy of their own.

