New Discovery

Author: Wet19

*000*2017-07-05 16:38

Hi all,

Sorry it's been a while since I've written. Here is the next chapter for Jenny, Annie, Megan and Katy. I hope you like it!

It was late morning and Jenny was sitting at her computer working on homework. She had on grey yoga pants with pink bikini style panties underneath and a pink t-shirt. The crotch of her pants was wet, but not soaked. She had been releasing small spurts of pee into her pants every 15 minutes or so since she woke up two hours ago. She looked at her crotch. It was damp and dark grey. She released a small spurt and watched the material glisten momentarily, then she felt a small amount of warm urine pool around her bum. Her phone vibrated. It was a text from her cousin Megan.

Actually, Jenny and Megan aren't really related. Megan's mom married Jenny's uncle when they were younger and then divorced just a couple years ago. They were related by marriage, but not by blood. Jenny unlocked her phone and read Megan's message: "Hey, sorry if this is awkward, you don't have to answer if you don't want to but.... you like peeing your pants right?" Jenny's stomach dropped and she suddenly felt exactly how full her bladder is. Her first automatic reaction was to type "Ew, no that's gross!" but as she typed it, she remembered all of the times she had been caught by Megan and Katy. Her thumb hovered over the send button as she recollected the most recent one. It was Katy's 9th birthday just over two months ago.

Flashback: Megan threw a small party at her house with 8 of Katy's friends. Jenny went into the bathroom and pulled down her jeans but not her panties, then sat on the toilet and peed through them. Mid-way through a kid started banging on the door and shouting "Hurry! I have to pee!" The kid sounded desperate and Jenny didn't want to cause her to have an accident, so Jenny pushed and peed fast. The wetness spread more on her panties than usual due to increased flow. When she was finished, she neglected to wipe the excess pee off of her panties and pulled her jeans up over them.

She opened the door and went to the kitchen to wash her hands so the kid could have the bathroom sooner. She though nothing of it and then sat down on a bar stool in the kitchen. She felt the usual warm wetness of her panties on her bum and smiled slightly as she pulled her phone out of her pocket. Then Megan came in and asked Jenny to help her pass out cake. Jenny stood up and Megan immediately noticed. She said softly with a half joking tone "Did you have an accident?" Jenny's face flushed bright red as she suddenly realized her mistake of not wiping off the extra wetness. She twisted and looked at her own butt. The seat of her jeans was damp. Not soaked, but wet enough to be noticeable. Before Jenny could think of an excuse, Megan said "It's ok, you stay in here until you dry and I'll handle the cake." Jenny sat back on the bar stool. She was embarrassed and suddenly had a strong desire to go home.

Present: Jenny's phone vibrated again and another message arrived from Megan: "Sorry, I thought maybe it was a fetish, so I googled it and it turned out to be." Jenny thought for a few minutes, her heart pounded the whole time and her abdomen tingled. Her bladder kept pushing for relief but she held it as she was deep in thought. She came to the conclusion that she was already busted and may as well just face it. She erased her message and, after rephrasing three drafts, sent this message back to Megan:

"You caught me, it is a fetish. It's embarrassing so I don't tell anyone. You should try it!" Jenny's stomach was somersaulting in anticipation as she awaited Megan's response. Her emotions rocked back and forth between anxiety and excitement. To calm herself, she tried to pee her pants, but now she couldn't get it to release. She chuckled slightly at the irony. Then her phone vibrated again. She stared at the notification on the lock screen with Megan's name on it, working up the courage to read the response.

Finally she unlocked her phone and read: "Maybe. I've thought about it. I don't know." Jenny was disappointed. Not at the answer itself, but at the fact that she had worked herself up so much just to receive such a mundane response. The tingling in her abdomen went away and she was able to relax. Jenny decided to press a bit: "You could try it in just panties. Just sit on the toilet with your panties on and pee through them." Megan took longer to reply this time. No bother though, Jenny was finally able to release and warm pee flooded the crotch of her panties, then pooled around her bum on the chair.

A few seconds later she heard pee streaming off the back of the seat and splattering on the floor. Her phone vibrated, but she ignored it until she had finished peeing her pants. Her grey yoga pants were soaking wet and the seat of her faux leather computer chair had a nice puddle that she was sitting in. She sighed in relief and felt content. There was a slight tingle in her clit, but she ignored it and picked up her phone. The message from Megan read:

"I did it! And I did what you do and pulled my jeans up over them. You're right, it does feel good!" Jenny got super excited and threw a fist in the air with a hushed "Yes!" She wanted to get Megan to do more, but decided to ease her into it slowly. She texted Megan back: "Yes it does!" Megan responded: "I think I'll wear these until they dry." Jenny replied "I always do." As Jenny thought about Megan peeing her panties and wearing them under her jeans, she became increasingly turned on. Her phone vibrated again, but she ignored it once again and instead slid her hands into her wet panties. She again imagined Megan peeing her panties and she began to masturbate. She imagined Megan doing other pee related things too, each new fantasy being more daring or dirty than the last.

She masturbated more vigorously as she imagined Megan peeing in her jeans, wetting the bed, and peeing her pants together with Jenny. Jenny finally orgasmed as she imagined Megan peeing her pants at the park while Katy played on the playground. Jenny leaned back in her chair, feeling wet and satisfied. She wiped her hands, then picked up her phone and read the message: "Thanks cuz! Happy peeing!"

She smiled and replied "You're welcome! Happy peeing!" Jenny stared at the wall and took a few minutes to enjoy what had just happened. As she sat up to return to her homework, she checked the time.

"Shit!" she said out loud. Her class starts in 20 minutes. She jumped out of her chair and felt pee run down the backs of both of her legs. She quickly grabbed a yellow towel from her closet and mopped up the puddle on the floor and wiped down her chair. She didn't have time to shower, she had to hope that she wouldn't reek of pee during class. She changed into clean clothes, wiping herself down before putting on the dry ones. She sprayed herself with extra perfume and put on extra deodorant before grabbing her backpack and running out the door with only 10 minutes until class start. She made it one minute late. The teacher said nothing and started class. Jenny had made it just fine, but had trouble concentrating after her conversation with Megan.

