The Trouble with Housemates (Meagan & Parker)

Author: Weasel

*000*2018-11-26 02:28

Welcome to Housemates Part 2.

Part 1, "Road Trip," can be found here

, and the first two seasons of the Meagan & Parker show are available for trade.

###

The Trouble With Housemates

“Okay, this is really weird,” Meagan said.

“What is?” Parker asked. They’d just arrived back on campus and his mind was entirely on the next steps of unpacking and moving in.

“They gave me a room and a key.”

“Where?”

“Franklin.” She looked at him. “But I asked to be off-campus…”

“Hey, since I was about ready to smuggle you in: take it and run!”

“But I can’t afford it, hon, you know that.”

“Still. Take it and run. As far as we can go. Maybe they’ll wise up and kick you out, but for now? Just go with it. You were gonna be staying with me tonight anyway.”

Meagan hesitated, fearful, the Ghost of Going Into Debt hovering behind her eyes—but then she said, “Well, I’m tired anyway, I’ll sort this out later.”

They drove to Franklin House—a remarkably short trip after their long road journey, just out of the parking lot and across the busy street—and pulled up in the gravel driveway. Franklin House had a shabby grandeur to it, with two white pillars out front on the porch, but it had clearly been occupied by college kids for a long, long time.

The side door was propped open, so they went in. The stairs ahead of them invited them up, but Meagan heard voices in the main room to the left, and went in search of people. Parker followed. The people she’d heard were Dacy and her friend/soon-to-be-roommate Zephyr, who were unpacking in the kitchen beyond the living room. Dacy squealed at the sight of Meagan and jumped up for a hug. This left Parker to say hi to Zephyr, who he’d met a few times before. She was just as petite as Dacy, except far more normally proportioned in the breast department, and pure brunette instead of blonde. But she had an adorably cute face and a perky smile—in some ways she was even more bubbly than Dacy. But she didn’t have the high-fashion streak that Dacy had, as Zephyr was wearing torn jeans and tie-dye. The two were quite a pair.

The squeals of greeting brought another familiar face downstairs: Mitchell, Parker’s old roommate. Many hugs were exchanged, summers were summarized, and the conversation meandered for a minute before Meagan said, “So here’s something weird: they gave me a key to this place.”

Dacy, Zephyr, and Mitchell all looked at Parker.

“You didn’t tell her?” Dacy said.

“All summer long?” Zephyr added.

“Nice job, man. I was sure you were going to spoil it,” Mitchell said to Parker.

“Tell me what?” Meagan demanded.

“When Parker told us that you couldn’t afford to live in the dorm, because you were just a little short…” Dacy began.

“Not having five thousand dollars isn’t ‘a little short.’”

“Well, sure. But you were pretty close. So—”

“We passed the hat!” Zephyr put in.

“Each of us paid an extra three hundred bucks so you could live here,” Mitchell said.

“What, all of you? All ten? But that’s only…”

“Stop doing math in your head and listen!” Dacy chided.

“The team put up another big chunk,” Parker said. “After that, you were less than a thousand short.”

“So then we emailed some of your profs…”

“Oh, my god,” Meagan said.

“And when we counted everything up,” Mitchell finished, “We wound up with a couple hundred extra, so we had Ms. Bonham put that toward your tuition.”

At this point Meagan was simply struck speechless. She had a hand over her mouth.

“We were worried about getting Resident Life to go along with it, since you’d asked to be off-campus,” Dacy continued, “but it turns out they really hadn’t been happy about that, since your senior status helped get us Franklin in the first place…”

“And Ms. Bonham told them it was legit not to ask you, since she’d been there when you decided, and knew you’d come back if you could…”

“Ho. Lee. Fuck,” Meagan said. “You really did this?” She swung around on Parker. “And you knew?”

“Yup.”

“All summer?”

“Pretty much.”

“And you didn’t tell me?”

“I wanted it to be a surprise.”

“Plus we weren’t totally sure it would work, until Res Life finally signed off on it last week,” Mitchell added under his breath.

“Oh, my god. Oh… I’m gonna cry…” Meagan tackled Dacy and Zephyr in the same hug, then moved on to Mitchell, and finally jumped Parker, kissing him with such fervor that Mitchell said, “Ewww, breeders! Get a room!”

“Where is our room?” Meagan said, as she came up for air.

“Up the stairs and turn left,” Mitchell said. “Dacy and I sorted out the room assignments so everyone can sleep with the person they want.”

“With or without sex,” Dacy hastily qualified. “Without, in our case…”

“Aw, darn!” Zephyr said.

“Question: is there a bed big enough for two people in our room?” Meagan demanded.

“You’ll need to shove two twin beds together, sorry.”

“That’ll do.” Meagan turned to Parker. “Go find our sheets right now. Everyone else, I am so so so so grateful—not quite as grateful to have jaw-dropper sex with all of you, but… oh my god, you guys. You are the best!”

Three weeks later…

“Oh my god,” Meagan groaned as she collapsed onto the bed. “They are the worst.”

“What now,” Parker mumbled.

“Eleven people in this house,” she said, rubbing her eyes. “Seven of them girls, plus one gay man. The bathroom competition is getting fierce. At our next meeting can we designate one bathroom the Primp Zone, so the rest of us get a chance to get a piss in edgewise? Seriously, kids, I gotta go to class.”

“I wouldn’t peg most of you as mirror hogs,” Parker said. “Lucy and Cara are barn girls, you’re pretty casual, Zephyr’s a let-it-all-hang out type…”

“We’re not hogs, no, but we’re still girls. We all still do our hair—and for Randy, that ’fro takes a lot of doin’. Dacy and Cara get dolled up when they want to. Oh, and you guys aren’t totally off the hook, y’know. Mitchell definitely takes his time. Trav takes a long time in the shower, too.”

“Wait. When you said ‘get a piss in edgewise’… was that for your benefit or mine?”

“My benefit, thank you for asking.”

It had become their code. If Meagan announced a need to pee and said it was for her benefit, then that told Parker his job was to shut up and find her a toilet. If she said it was for his benefit, however, then he was free to enjoy it—and prolong it, if he wanted.

“Sorry.”

“Blehh. I’m just glad I’m good at holding it. And that you’ve given me so much practice. It’s Zephyr I feel bad for.”

“Yeah, I’ve been meaning to talk to you about her.”

“And it’s also Zephyr who’s been pi—ticking me off the most!”

Zephyr:

“So hey, guys, since we’re all here, can I ask something?”

“What’s on your mind, Zeph?”

“Would people be okay with me going topless? I always go topless when I’m at home, and this house already feels a lot like home to me. Can I do that?”

Dacy came out in strong support: “Oh, girl, I’m so jealous, I wish I could! Yeah, please do!”

Randy: “Whatever floats your boat. Not my style, but I won’t stand in your way.”

Mitchell, the token gay: “I’ve got no problem with it!”

Parker, Travis, and Zach, the three straight guys, all living with their girlfriends: “Abstain…”

Zephyr:

“I have such a small bladder! I’ve always gotta go!”

Zephyr:

“Wheeeeee! I’m so drunk… can y’help me to the bathroom before I piss my panties?”

Zephyr:

*Whimpering as she runs up the stairs toward Parker, who’s just come out of his room—running up the stairs with a hand clamped over her crotch, her small breasts not bouncing but jiggling with every step she jumps, her face the picture of desperation and helplessness*

“Okay, so I’m not even gonna ask if she’s turning you on,” Meagan said. “She’s got to be.”

“Less than you might think,” Parker said. “She’s got that little-girl vibe going, which isn’t really all that sexy.”

“Oh, come on, Parker! She’s running around with no shirt and no bra! One time she was just in her panties! I swear, next week I’m gonna get full-frontal or something from her. And half the time she’s got her hands down her pants because she’s running to the bathroom. You have got to be turned on by this, don’t lie to me.”

“You know I can’t lie to you anyway, love,” Parker said, really not liking the way this conversation was going.

“Then look me in the eye and tell me how you’re reacting to all this.”

He thought about it. “Yeah, she’s turning me on. Not as much as you do. You’ve got such a different style.”

“Thank you for that addition,” Meagan growled.

“Hey! I’m telling you the truth, love. Yeah, she turns me on. You get me off. I’m not happy that she turns me on, I’m not proud of it—but I am absolutely sure that you’re the one I want, not her.”

“I know,” Meagan groaned. “I know. It’s like Dacy and the t-shirt all over again.”

“Which, incidentally…”

“I know!”

Parker spread his hands. “Seven girls in this house. Even when they’re not running around with no shirts on, they do go around without a lot of clothes sometimes. And they’ve all gotta pee sometimes. We just can’t help it.”

“I know I know I know I know...” Meagan said. “Gah! It’s nobody’s fault, I’m just—frustrated.”

“Me too. Do you want a back rub?”

She gave him a look. “Is this a play to get my shirt off and get me lying on my belly when my bladder’s full?”

“…It might not be.”

“Dude, I am pretty tired of this. And I’ve got class in twenty minutes—”

“Neck rub. Shirt stays on, you can stay sitting up.”

Her eyes narrowed. “What’s in it for you, then?”

“I like rubbing my hands over your body. Regardless of level of clothing or fullness of bladder.”

She smiled ruefully and shook her head—presumably at her own reaction, because she said, “Mmkay, I can work with that.” She sat on the floor so he could have the advantage of height.

It was a very nice room they had. Large, high-ceilinged, with two big windows facing the front yard and the street beyond, but high enough up and set back (behind the porch roof) that it still felt fairly private. Here in early fall, when the days were still warm, they left the windows open and felt almost like they were living outside, it was so fresh and airy and open and sunlit, especially on mornings like this one. It could be a little loud from the traffic in the evening, but they were getting used to it as white noise. They’d decorated—well, mostly Meagan had decorated, though Parker had insisted on a poster or two. They’d shoved the two beds together and filled in the cracks creatively and now, for the first time in their whole relationship, they had a “bed” big enough for the both of them.

They’d taken absolute advantage of that bed—eight or nine times, the first week. Even with their dead-sexy road trip, they still felt the need to make up for lost time over the summer. The one visit Meagan had managed to sneak from summer camp had been desperately needed, since they’d both been climbing the walls with horniness at that point, but the point was, it was the only sex they’d had over a seven-week period. Hence the gloriously sexy outburst of their road trip, and the delightful intimacy of sharing a room in a college house where everyone knew they were having sex and didn’t mind in the least.

But they were finding that the house had its drawbacks.

Maybe the worst problem with the house was that the walls and floors were not that soundproof. Even in the dorms, music from next door had often been a problem—that and the sounds of bouncing bedsprings, plus the occasional moan. Here in Franklin House, the walls and floor seemed paper-thin. Conversations could not only be occasionally overheard, but actually carried on from room to room. Plus Meagan and Parker’s room was on the second floor, which made it all the hotter in the late-summer heat, and the only way to cool off was to open the windows wide.

At that point, they could hear every note and drumbeat of Dave Brubeck’s “Take Five” playing in Mitchell’s room—not a song noted for being penetrating. So when doing some penetrating of their own, Meagan and Parker had to bite their tongues and muffle their cries and think twice about doing anything actually on the bed, to avoid tell-tale creaking. Playing music of their own barely helped. They could tell, because they sometimes hear Zach and Cara getting it on despite those two being on the ground floor and on the other side of the house.

And of course Parker’s kink was a factor.

On the one hand, it was harder to do much of anything in the house. It was hard to know if the house was ever empty, with so many people coming at odd hours and with so many doors in and out of the house. Sex in the shower would be understood and smiled at but would also be extremely detectable if anyone came by. So they hadn’t done anything kinky since the road trip. The nearest they’d gotten was Meagan getting him off after the waiting-in-line/peeing-outside incident at Travis’ party.

On the other hand, Parker now had an unexpected spread of turn-ons… or, from another angle, temptations.

The lines for the bathrooms had begun forming immediately. There were only three, one downstairs and two up. It was still not uncommon to see several people waiting in the hall, especially in the mornings—which meant seeing Dacy in her t-shirt, or Zephyr in just shorts, fidgeting restlessly as they waited for Mitchell or Miranda to get out of the shower.

But if anything, the parties were the best and the worst. After all, Meagan and Parker had met in a Franklin House party bathroom line. Travis was their dominant partier, an expert in getting the fun times rolling and the beer flowing. It was only three weeks into the year, and they’d already had their first keggers, including the one for Travis’s birthday. On party days, the lines could get huge.

“It’s just a crowded house,” Parker said, as he worked on Meagan’s shoulders. “No way around it.”

“Yeah.” Meagan sighed and leaned back against him. “I’m sorry, love. I do trust you; it’s just…”

“I know. And I’m sorry I’m stressing you out. I wish I could just ignore it, but I can’t. If I made a big deal out of looking away, Zephyr might feel uncomfortable. Or figure me out, even worse.”

“I don’t blame you. Much, at least. I just think we’ve got to figure out a way for us to have some fun of our own. Get your mind back on me.”

“We used to be good at this, back in the roommate days.”

“I know! Well, it’s housemate days now. We can do this.—But not right now, sorry, not with class in ten minutes.”

“We’ll think of something.”

“We will. Just wish we could think of a way for me to use the bathroom right now.”

“I could find something in the kitchen, maybe?”

She smiled and kissed his knee (the most easily accessible part of him). “It’s not just the peeing. I wanted at least a minute with the mirror.”

“Don’t we have a mirror in the closet?”

“The mirror and my makeup, which I left in there.”

“You don’t wear makeup.”

She laughed. “Parker, almost every girl does. I don’t make a thing about it, but I do have some.”

“I didn’t know.”

“Yeah, well, like I said—I generally go for the natural look. But even ‘natural’ takes a little help sometimes.”

“You don’t need to do that for me, you know.”

“What, you like it when I’ve got a zit on my nose?”

“I hadn’t noticed.”

“That’s ‘cause I use concealer, doofus.”

“No, like I hadn’t noticed this morning until you mentioned it. I mean, I see it now that you’ve told me about it…”

“Really? You didn’t see it? It was the first thing I saw.”

He shrugged. “You look great to me, love. You always do.”

She chuckled. “Sorry, hon, but your judgment is just a little suspect right now on account of horniness.” She glanced at the clock. “Crap crap crap. I’ve gotta go—in more than one way. I’d better get moving so I can pee before class, makeup or no makeup. It’s Professor Stoltz, I can’t be late.”

“So if it turns out that clock is a little slow and you don’t have time before class starts, you’ll have to hold it the whole hour?”

She smiled, a little distracted, her mind already on the day ahead. “Go right ahead and imagine that if you want, hon, but I’ve got the time. See you at lunch?”

“Sure.”

They kissed and she headed out, leaving the door of their room open behind her.

Parker went to the window to watch her go. She wasn’t showing much, but he could see a bit of the telltale stiffness of her stride as she walked toward the road. Then, of course, she had to wait for traffic to clear a bit—and then she had to sprint across… he took a moment to imagine what that might feel like on her bladder.

As he lost sight of her through the leaves of the trees, a rapid tapping caught his attention. He turned around. Zephyr was in the hall, in nothing but shorts, knocking at the bathroom door. She was marching in place, her other hand hovering near the knot in her shorts’ drawstring. There was a faint look of panic in her eyes—and her nipples were hard.

Parker quickly looked away before she saw him, and clenched his fists tightly.

This could be a long year…

###

Well, that's a nice place to stop, isn't it? With signs of trouble on the horizon?

Sorry that there's not a lot of fun stuff in this particular installment. Mostly I'm setting the scene, as you probably figured out, and advancing the plot a little. (Be on the lookout for foreshadowing, by the way.) But the fun starts ramping up next time, I promise.

Once again, if you'd like to acquire Seasons 1 and 2 (with their bonus stories, never published on omo.org), PM me about a trade. I accept: stories, videos, and images you have permission to share original artwork (especially if it’s of Meagan) significant constructive feedback reviews (i.e., good publicity) asking nicely I worked hard on the bonus content and the formatting, so please please please, let's make a deal! I want these stories read!

*003*2018-11-29 05:16

This got 9 upvotes? With almost no omo content, just character-building and plot exposition? Y'all are generous. Thank you. I hope your patience will be rewarded with a sexier story soon.

*006*2018-12-12 05:39

Thanks, folks -- and... wish granted!

