The Surrogate Baby

Author: writeandleft

*012*2013-06-24 23:13

CHAPTER SEVEN: MESSY IN PUBLIC AGAIN

The next day I spent the morning in the living room as Violet sat typing away in her study. I was almost through with the book and had gone into Jeff’s office to find another one when Violet called my name.

“Beth, where are you?”

I put the book I finished back in its place on the shelf and came out. “I’m just getting a book.”

“Well, you can read later. Right now we got to go to town so I can talk to my editor.” She carried my overalls and some socks and shoes.

I looked down. I was a bit damp and thought I could use a change. I also had to poop really bad and did not want a repeat of the last time I pooped. “Can you change my diaper before we leave?” I walked toward the couch and sat down.

She set the overalls, socks, and shoes next to me. “Yeah, hold on and let me get you a clean diaper.” She left the room.

While she was gone, I tried to poop myself. I felt a pressure and knew I would have to go pretty soon, but no matter what I did, I could manage to mess myself. I did manage to thoroughly flood myself before she came back.

“Lie down,” she commanded me when she returned. I laid on my back and closed my eyes while she knelt in between my legs and slid a diaper under me. The old diaper came off and then I shivered as the cold clammy feeling of Desitin was rubbed against my skin. Soon I was packed into the new diaper and dressed in the overalls, shoes, and socks. I sat up as soon as we were done and we headed for the door.

“Be sure to bring my diaper bag,” I said. I watched to make sure the bag came with us as well as Violets purse and brief case. I hoped this trip didn’t take long. I wanted to get back before I had a messy accident.

The trip in the car was pretty much uneventful. Violet was lost in thought and I just stared out the car window. I wondered how long I could go on living like this. It had been less than a week, and I had yet to be beaten. A week was the longest that Peter had gone without beating me. I wondered when Jeff and Violet would start. The only thing I had really pushed was the issue with the book. The car finally pulled into the parking lot of an office building and we got out.

“Now I got to talk to my editor in his office. Can I trust you to sit in the lobby and stay out of trouble?”

I nodded.

“I didn’t hear you,” said Violet.

“Yes,” I said.

We walked inside. The lobby was a pretty airy room with a seating area with leather chairs and a coffee table covered with magazines. There was a large desk on the other side where a receptionist sat. Violet pointed to one of the chairs. “Sit down here.” She walked to the desk. “I’m here to see Jay Fourier,” she said to the receptionist.

“He’s expecting you,” said the receptionist. “You can go right in.”

Violet left me alone, so I picked up one of the magazines and paged through it. It was a science magazine. I read through several articles including one about satellites. I got halfway through the magazine when I realized that I couldn’t hold it much longer. I had to poop and bad. I decided that I couldn’t poop in the lobby of the building, so I stood up and walked to the receptionist’s desk. “Where are the rest rooms?” I asked.

“Down the hall and to the left.” She pointed the way.

I followed her directions and found a door that say Ladies. I hurried inside and went into a stall. I then reached up to undo the straps of my overalls and frowned. I couldn’t get them undone. The casts on my hands really wouldn’t let me get enough dexterity to undo them. They weren’t metal loops like most overalls. They were little plastic things that clicked into place. To undo them, I would need to squeeze the plastic pieces together and slip them apart. I couldn’t do it. I thought about asking the receptionist, but that would be embarrassing. I had to pee and poop really bad and I was afraid it would come out on its own. Pooping would be really noticeable, but I could get away with peeing. I relaxed my bladder and clinched my butt and wet myself. That relieved some of the pressure, but I still had to poop pretty urgently. I then washed my hands and hurried back to the lobby and retook my seat.

I picked up another magazine and looked through it before Violet returned. I looked up and saw her smile at me. “I see you were behaving.”

I stood up and we walked out of the building together. “What is next?” I asked. My urge to poop made it hard to walk, but I finally made it back to the car.

“I thought we would eat out,” Violet said.

“Can’t we eat at the house?” I asked.

“Why do you not want to eat out?” she asked.

I was silent for a minute and I think I blushed. “I have to poop really bad and I want a bath after I mess my diaper.”

“If we eat at home, we need to stop at the grocery store. Besides Applebees is having lunch specials. Just use your diaper and I will change you in the bathroom.”

I was trying my best to hold it as Violet drove toward the restaurant. I knew I couldn’t hold for too long. Even if I made it into the restaurant, I could’t hold it until we finished eating and Violet would want to change me in the nearest bathroom anyway.

“Please don’t make me poop in public again,” I begged.

“Use your diaper,” Violet said. “If you do, we can stop at the mall and use the family bathrooms where there is more privacy. After I change you, we can stop at Barnes and Noble and I will buy you a present.” She looked hard at me as we headed toward the direction of Applebees and the mall.

I sighed and leaned over against the passenger door, so my butt was partially off the seat. I didn’t even have to push that hard when I let go and emptied my bowels into my diaper. I straightened up and felt the mess smear against my bottom as I basically sat on it.

It wasn’t as bad as last time. Sure it smelled bad and I felt it smoosh against my skin, but it didn’t burn. Then again, my diet had been baby food instead of jalapeno-laced hamburgers, so I guess that is what made the difference. It felt really warm. I would not say it felt nice, but it wasn’t as bad as I expected. I still wanted changed immediately.

Violet smiled at me when she smelled what I did. We then pulled into the parking lot of the mall and she got me out of the car and handed me my diaper bag. We walked into the mall in silence. She held my hand and I just looked at me feet as we journeyed through the mall. I could feel every eye staring at me. I was waddling with a just-pooped-my-pants waddle. I hoped this was worth the promised book at the book store.

When we arrived in the family restroom, Violet took me by the hand and led me to one of the single user restrooms. Inside was both a large and small toilet and a changing table. There was also a sink.

“Everyone was staring at me,” I hissed.

“You were looking at your shoes,” Violet said. “No one really looked our direction. She motioned me up onto the changing table. It was really too small for me, but it was embedded in the counter. It wasn’t a fold-down one that would break if I lay on it.

She made quick work of cleaning me. Still, she used lots of toilet paper and several baby wipes before she was able to change me. I knew I was cleaner, but I still wanted a bath. I did get the new diaper on and we made it out of there quickly. I was worried about the poopy adult diaper in the trash, but Violet threw a few wet paper towels on top of it. No one would probably dig through the trash and everyone would probably assume it was a baby diaper in there.

We left and as promised, Violet took me to the book store. I quickly found a book about a girl in a spaceship that went on a fifty year journey that was time-diluted to be approximately eight years, but then found out that faster than light travel had been invented after she left. I looked forward to finding out what happened to her, but I had to wait until we finished eating.

###

It didn’t really take that long to eat. Violet did have to help me a little since my hands were still in casts. I did have one rather embarrassing moment though.

A man my age at the next table over was staring at me. He wore a fedora, so I thought his staring was even more creepy. Did he notice my fat, diapered ass as I sat down? I hoped not. He was staring at my face, I thought. “The man in the booth at your five o’clock is staring at me,” I whispered.

“You’re sitting down,” she said. “He can’t see your diaper.”

I thought that was true, but it was still uncomfortable. He stood up and I thought he and the girl he was sitting with were going to leave, but he came up to our table and stopped by.

“Pardon me,” he said. “I noticed the stitches on your head and wondered if you had surgery lately.” He took off his hat and revealed he had similar scars. I just stared dumbly, then played it up a bit by drooling. He didn’t seem to mind. “I had a brain tumor removed recently. I lead a support group for survivors of brain cancer. Are you interested?”

I had to give some excuse. However, I didn’t really want to deal with him. I gave Violet a pleading look.

“I’m sorry,” said Violet. “My niece was in an accident and really can’t function by herself anymore. She suffered from brain damage.”

“I’m sorry,” said the guy. He left. After that incident, we left.

I started reading my book in the car and then laughed a bit.

“What’s so funny?”asked Violet.

“I was thinking back to when I lived at home. I was a late bloomer and didn’t get potty trained until I was four. My mother had to resort to rewarding me with toys when I used the potty. It seems like you are doing the opposite: rewarding me when I used my diaper.”

Violet smiled. “We aren’t really going to make a habit of rewarding you every time you mess yourself. I only got you to do it this time because last time was such an awful experience.”

“Oh,” I said, a bit disappointed. “Well, it wasn’t as bad as last time. I still don’t like it.”

“Well, maybe next time you will be at home when you mess yourself.”

Oh great, I though, there is going to be a next time.

*013*2013-06-26 12:04

CHAPTER EIGHT: THE BABYSITTER

Over the next few days Violet got more work done for her magazines. A few times we even went on road trips for a certain bit of research she had to do. One day, Violet got me up and dressed again.

She dressed me in pink pants and a black baby doll t-shirt. The design was a variation of three wolf moon design, the classic t-shirt with a moon and three wolves on it. I always thought shirts like that were cheesy. Peter wore one. However, this one had three images of a young man with no shirt.

“What’s with this guy on this t-shirt?” I asked. “Usually it is a wolf on t-shirts like this, not a Chippendale’s dancer.”

“Jacob is a werewolf,” said Violet. “Besides, we are going to April Luther’s house for a committee meeting and Mabel’s niece will be there. She’s seventeen and loves Twilight, so she will like your shirt.”

“I am wearing this shirt to impress a high school girl?” I asked.

“Yes, you are,” said Violet. She almost pulled me down the stairs and outside toward the car.

“Great.”

###

After the car trip, I really had to pee. I wasn’t wet when I woke up. I had wet before Violet changed me for bed and I didn’t wake up until Violet woke me. We got to April Luther’s house and I almost had to stop and cross my legs three times before we made it up the sidewalk to the door. Carrying my bulky diaper bag wasn’t helping.

Violet rang the doorbell and April Luther answered. “Oh hi, Violet,” she said. “Everyone else is already here.” She smiled at me. “And Beth, you are always welcome. I see you brought your supplies.”

I tried not to blush, but only lost my concentration on my bladder. I was wetting full force into my diaper. I looked like a fool with my obvious diaper bulge that was growing larger and carrying an actual diaper bag that held my replacements. Violet pulled me by the arm into the house. We went into the living room into the crowd of women getting ready for their meeting.

“I made it again,” said Violet. She took a seat on the couch and smiled.

I sat on the floor in front of her and looked down. No one said anything about my wet diaper, so I thought no one noticed that I’d wet myself again. I hoped that would remain the case although I doubted it.

While the women were discussing committees and meeting minutes, I looked around for Mabel’s sixteen-year-old niece. However, I saw her nowhere. Instead, I sat there bored. It didn’t help that the clock still hadn’t been wound. It sure does feel like time stands still when the hands on a clock are not actually moving.

After about an hour April finally finished her talk. “With that, we will adjourn to the kitchen for refreshments.”

The ladies started to mill into the kitchen. I got up to follow them, but Violet tapped me on the shoulder. “Beth, do you need a change?”

Some of the ladies looked at me and I looked at my shoes again. She had said it loud enough for everyone to hear. To make matters worse, she put her hand in my pants to check.

“April, is there a place where I can change her real quick?”

“You can change her in the bedroom.”

I waddled a bit as I followed Violet into the bedroom. I knew everyone knew the reason and it really embarrassed me, but what else could I do. At least Mrs. Luther and the other ladies didn’t make fun of me.

I laid down on the bed and let Violet pull my pants off. “You pretty much announced to everyone that I was wearing diapers.”

“Beth, they already knew.” She pulled out a diaper and set it beneath me and started to untape my wet diaper. “You made it obvious last time when you messed yourself.” She then begin to clean me with wipes.

Suddenly, the door opened. A teenager stood in the threshold and just started to stare at me. I wanted to die. After an uncomfortable moment, the girl spoke. “I’m Mabel’s niece. I just wondered if you needed help.”

Violet smiled. “Not now,” she said. “We’ll be done in a bit.”

My face burned and I had to have turned pretty red because when the door shut again, Violet frowned at me. “If you really did have brain damage, you wouldn’t be blushing so hard.” She closed the clean diaper on me and started to tape it up.

“Well I guess so, but I am still embarrassed by the diapers,” I said.

“I suppose so,” she said. “Well, it’s time for treats,” she said. I stood up and let her tug my pants up and button them.

We went out to the kitchen again and followed Violet to the table. There were plates of cookies, and some pie. There was also coffee. I really missed coffee a lot, so I reached for a cup and started to pick it up.

“I think we’ll just have milk today, Beth.” She took the cup from my hand and replaced it with a cookie.

Mrs. Luther quickly brought me a plastic cup filled with milk. “There you go, sweetie.”

I took the proffered mug, at that point just happy it was not a sippie cup. Violet directed me to a chair at another table toward the back door. In the chair next to me was the teen girl that invaded my diaper change.

“You must be Beth,” she said. “I’m Lillie.”

I ignored her and started to eat my cookie.

“Don’t mind her rudeness,” said Violet. “She has a head injury and is still non-verbal.”

“I thought so. Aunt Mabel told me that she acts like a toddler and I saw she needs diapers. She must be bored to death of these meetings Aunt Mabel has.”

“It is pretty hard for her to sit still.”

“I’ll watch her for you during the rest of the meeting.” She smiled. “We’ll be right in the other room and I’ll get you if it is anything I can’t handle.”

I turned to Violet and stared daggers at her, but she ignored me. “I suppose it will be okay,” she said.

“Great,” said Lillie.

I wanted to scream but instead I just crammed the rest of the cookie into my mouth. After I swallowed, I quickly downed my milk. I was not happy about being put in a room with a highschooler who knew I was diapered. However, I couldn’t even protest, or I’d blow my cover.

###

After refreshments, Lillie wasted no time in taking me to the other room. The other room was the bedroom I had my diaper change in. My diaper bag still lay on the bed and it was open. Lillie noticed it right away.

She climbed on the bed and went through the diaper bag. She pulled out diapers, Desitin, and, and bottles of powder. She even pulled out my novel I was reading. I was angry now. I reached for the book and tried to grab it from her hand.

“Hey careful there,” she said. She pulled the book out of my reach.”

My only resort was to do my fake cry. I felt stupid, but it worked. In no time her demeanor changed.

“It’s okay,” she said. “You like books? How about I read you a story.” I stopped crying.

She shoved my stuff back in the diaper bag and put it on the floor. She then pulled me up beside her on the bed and then grabbed a back pack from the night stand and went through it until she found a book.

“I know you like Twilight from your shirt. Maybe we can jog your memory a bit if I read it to you again.” She smiled. “I have to warn you. I am a Team Edward girl and you know he ends up with Bella instead of Jacob.”

I stared blankly at her. I did not have to fake that blank stare. I had no idea what she was talking about. She didn’t seem to mind and instead started to read to me.

###

Violet came in and smiled at me. “So do you need a change?”

“I checked her earlier and she wasn’t really that wet,” said Lillie. I still had resented that invasion, but it wasn’t as bad as a full diaper change.

“Oh, good,” she said. She picked up my diaper bag and I followed her to the car.

“Goodbye Beth,” said Mrs. Fletcher. “Come back again.”

I smiled at her. I so wanted to have the humiliation end.

“We’ll be back next time,” said Violet. She buckled me in the passenger seat and went around to drive. We pulled out of the neighborhood while I sat in silence.

“How do you like Lillie? I understand she read you a story.”

I opened my mouth to speak. There was a lot I wanted to complain about today. First, I was humiliated, a high school girl babysat me, violated my diaper bag, and put her hand in my pants, but I could only complain about the most egregious item.

“Vampires do not sparkle.”

*015*2013-06-26 20:25

CHAPTER NINE: THE DOCTOR AND THE NIGHT OUT

The next morning was busy and I hated it. I woke up in the crib like I always had since living with Violet and I sighed. I had to pee a bit more urgently than usual, so I just wet my diaper while staring aimlessly at the mobile. I couldn’t really do anything else except get more and more uncomfortable from holding it. My arms were still in casts and Violet had somehow found an adult sleeper that zipped in the back. I wasn’t even sure I could have unzipped it with two healthy hands.

Ironically, as soon as I wet my diaper and got comfortable, Violet came to get me. “How did mama’s baby sleep?” she asked.

I rolled my eyes. “Wah, Wah, I am wet,” I said. The crying was as monotone as I could make it.

“Well let’s get you a bath before your rash comes back. We don’t want to explain that to the doctor, do we?”

I certainly did not. I was getting tired of the diapers, but I let Violet help me out of the crib and I followed her to the bathroom for bath time.

As she bathed me, she was more thorough than usual. She also wasted no time in helping me clean up. Usually she made a big show of making me play with bath toys. She also hummed happily to herself.

“You’re happy,” I remarked.

She helped me out of the tub and started to dry me. “It is Jeff and my anniversary. He is taking me out to a fancy restaurant tonight.”

“Good for you,” I said. “You’ve only been taking care of me in the evenings. It will be good for you to get together and have a good time.” Inwardly I was happy I would get a bit of alone time.

“Yeah,” she said. “You sure you will be okay without me to take care of you?” She picked up my pile of clothes and started to dress me. She put the shirt on me and I raised my arms as she dressed me. However, the pile wasn’t as thick as I thought is should be. It wasn’t until she grabbed a pair of panties from a three-pack that I realized there was no diaper.

“Panties?” I asked.

“The doctor will notice if you wear a diaper. Want to explain the diapers?” She held them for me and I stepped into them and then she pulled them up to my waist.

“Oh yeah, I get the casts off. Finally I can move on my own again.”

“But, I will still be helping you.” As if to prove a point, she held out some light blue pants for me to step into. She got them on me and then we were about to leave.

We had just gotten into the car when Violet’s phone rang. She answered it. “Hi, Mabel.” I tried to listen to the conversation, but only heard half.

“Oh yes...No. That won’t work out. Jeff and I are going to dinner tonight for our anniversary...No, Beth isn’t coming. She will stay at home...Jeff and I really want to be alone...Yes, I would really appreciate that...Thanks, I’ll see Lillie tonight.”

“What was that about?” I asked. I was concerned when I heard Lillie’s name mentioned.

“I don’t really want to upset you, but Lillie is coming to babysit when Jeff and I are going out tonight.”

“Absolutely not,” I said. “There is no way I am putting up with being treated like a baby by anyone, but you.”

“Well, our friends know that Jeff and I are going out and they think we were irresponsible if we left a brain damaged college student alone when she has the mind of a toddler.”

“Couldn’t you get someone else?” I begged. “Anyone else?”

“Sorry, but Lillie is offering to do this. She really wants to be a nurse when she grows up and Mabel things taking care of you would be good for her. Besides, she needs something to focus on besides vampires.”

“Fine,” I said.

We arrived at the doctor’s office soon after our argument and we got out. I walked in happily knowing that I was soon going to get my casts cut off and I was also not wearing a diaper.

Violet guided me to a seat in the waiting room and went up to announce our presence.

“It will be about ten minutes,” the nurse at the counter said. I sighed. Well, I had waited six weeks to get my casts off, I could wait ten more minutes.

Violet sat beside me and picked up a magazine. I opened my book and started to read. Before too long a nurse came out. “Elizabeth Browning, the Dr. Mitchell will see you.”

I fumbled to put the book mark in my book and handed it to Violet. I then followed the nurse back to an examination room.

She smiled at me. “I bet you will be glad to get those casts off.”

“I will,” I said. “I can’t even dress myself with these casts. Violet’s been a big help.” I couldn’t even use the bathroom by myself. I didn’t think the diapers were the way to go, but I just wore those for Violet’s benefit. After this, the only purpose for the diapers would be to give Violet someone to baby.

“Well, I will leave you here until the doctor comes.” She left.

I looked around the room at all the medical gear. There were models of an ear and a nose. My face warmed up when I saw a poster that talked about the treatment of incontinence. There was even a skeleton in the corner.

On the counter there was a small circular saw. Also there was some strong-looking scissors and what looked like a lobster cracker. I shivered. The doctor might cut my arm off. With Violet’s help, I could wear the casts forever. It wouldn’t be so bad. Violet would keep me in diapers anyway.

However, before I could panic any further and make my escape, the doctor entered. “Hi, I’m Dr. Mitchell. I understand you want your casts off.”

I slowly nodded.

He looked at my arms and frowned. “No one signed your casts?” he asked.

I remembered back when I was a child that whenever anyone got a cast, they carried a marker so they could get the cast signed. I had always wanted to do that, but I when I actually got a cast the first time, I had no friends and even if I did find some people to sign it, it would only make Peter jealous. This time, however, I could have gotten it signed without Peter’s influence, but I never thought of that. Besides, I was playing the part of a brain damaged girl, so I couldn’t really ask for signatures.

“I don’t really have a lot of friends. Jeff and Violet are the closest I have to friends.”

He frowned. “Well, let’s get started.” He picked up the big saw and turned it on.

The saw was loud. I extended my left arm and hid my face and closed my eyes.

“Relax,” he said. “I haven’t cut anyone yet. Besides, the blade just vibrates. It doesn’t spin so it won’t cut skin.” He touched the blade against his arm. “See?”

I felt both relief and embarrassment, but I wasn’t as squeamish as he started to saw the cast off my arm. He cut one cut down the length of each side of the cast. After he did the first two cuts, he took my other arm and made the same two cuts on that cast. Then he turned off the saw.

“There,” he said. “You didn’t feel a nick, did you?”

“No,” I said.

He took the lobster cracker and used it to pry each cast apart. Underneath the cast was a gauzy wrap and he cut through those with the scissors. The casts were pulled away and I was free.

I looked down at my arms. The skin on my hands and forearms was all dry and wrinkled and they stank. I wrinkled my nose.

“Six weeks without washing probably took its toll,” he said. “I’ll let you wash your arms in the sink there before you go.” He took my arms one at a time and tested each joint for its full range of motion. He got to my left hand and tried to move my ring and pinkie fingers and I winced in pain. I looked at that hand and it still was swollen a bit. It was slightly off and I couldn’t move them as far.

“Those fingers are a bit stiff. I’ll schedule you for some more X-rays in a few weeks if they don’t get better.”

It was better than expected. The doctors had told me my hands might be permanently damaged from Peter’s stomping on them, but that they would do the best they could. At least the problem was on my left hand.

I stood up and went to the sink and washed my hands as the doctor read through my chart and made more entries. As I washed, a lot of dead skin peeled off. At least I was clean. My arms didn’t look as dirty or disgusting any more. I turned around to smile at the doctor, but he motioned me back to the examination table.

“According to your chart, there is a problem,” he said.

“Oh?” I was starting to get worried.

“They didn’t use dissolvable sutures when they fixed your head wound.”

“Is that bad?” I asked.

“Not really,” he said. “They just should have removed the stitches later. I can do it for you.”

“What if we just leave them in?” I asked.

“Then they might get infected. Now just lie back on the table and I will take care of them.”

I lay back on the table and closed my eyes. Of course the doctor was gentle. He gently removed my head band and then started parted my short hair to get to each stitch. I cringed as he took sharp scissors and snipped each stitch and each time he took his tweeters to pull the stitch out, I thought he was going to drill into my head, but at last he spoke to me again.

“They’re out,” he said. “Was that so bad?”

“No, but I never want to go through that again,” I said.

“Well, let’s do something to make sure you aren’t injured again,” he said. “Dr. May wrote that he suspected you were being abused and that you had a pattern of ‘falling down the stairs’. I don’t like what I see here. Do you want to talk about what is going on?”

“No,” I said.

“What’s going on at home?” he asked. “You are living with that Violet woman out in the waiting room, right?”

I hoped he didn’t think that diapers were abuse. How would he even know? “Nothing’s going on at home. I like staying with Jeff and Violet because I don’t get hit anymore.”

“Who hit you?” the doctor asked.

“My boyfriend Peter, but I am away from him now.” I started to cry when I thought about what I had gone through. Through sobs I told him how I came to live with Violet. I left out the part about being her baby and wearing diapers.

“Okay,” he said. “I was just concerned that the abuse hadn’t been addressed. I am glad you are moving past that,” he said.

“Thanks,” I said. “Maybe if someone had this conversation earlier, I would not have been in this situation.”

He ran his hand through my short hair. “Well, let’s get you back to Violet, so you can go home.”

I stood up.

“However, you are more vulnerable to attracting men who will treat you just like Peter treated you. Just be careful if you decide to date again.”

“I will,” I said. I thought about my role as Violet’s diapered baby when with her and Jeff and being a brain-damaged incontinent girl to everyone else. “I don’t think I will be dating for awhile.”

I left and found Violet in the waiting room. She paid the nurse and we were out the door. I opened the door by myself and got into the car. She drove off and she smiled.

I was much better off with Jeff and Violet than I was with Peter. “Violet,” I said.

“What is it?” she asked.

“Thank you for letting me come to live with you.”

“I’m glad to have you as my baby,” Violet said. “So where do you want to eat?”

I thought about it a bit. “Fast food is good enough,” I said.

“How about McDonalds?” She pulled in the parking lot and we both got out and got in line.

“You can order anything you want. You’ll just have to eat whatever Lillie decides to feed you, so at least you get to choose at lunch.”

I looked at the menu and there were so many things I hadn’t eaten in so long. I know McDonalds isn’t really exciting, but I was excited. Wearing only underwear and never leaving the house by myself made me crave going out. “I’ll have a Big Mac meal,” I said.

“What do you want to drink?” she asked.

“Dr. Pepper, of course,” I said.

She ordered and we got our food and sat at our table. She put my burger in front of me and started on her own. I took my sandwich and took a bite out of it. It tasted divine. I was also glad I could use my own two hands for eating. My left hand bugged me a bit since my ring and pinkie fingers couldn’t contribute to holding the sandwich, but it was better than having two casts on my arms that kept me from holding something larger than a French fry.

“So will you be good for Lillie?” Violet asked me.

“I’ll behave,” I said. I took another bite of my sandwich and then dipped my French fry into some ketchup and took a bite of that. I then enjoyed my Dr. Pepper.

Violet kept talking about how she and Jeff were going to celebrate their anniversary and I kept sipping on my supersized Dr. Pepper. Soon I had the urge to pee. I relaxed and started peeing, but then I felt really wet. I looked down and saw a pool of pee forming in between my legs in the chair. It was also running behind me toward the back of the booth. I tried to clamp down and stop, but I can’t stop once I get going. I had forgotten that I wasn’t wearing diapers.

“Oh shit,” I whispered.

“What’s wrong?”

“Don’t get mad at me,” I said, “but I just wet myself.”

She looked under the table at me as the obvious wet spot in my light blue pants and the puddle of pee started to drip off the front of the seat.

“Beth, what happened?”

“I forgot I wasn’t diapered. I got used to just going whenever I had to go.”

“Well, let’s just finish our meals and then I’ll change you in the bathroom.”

I sighed. “I guess adult time is over.”

I sat in discomfort for a bit and then Violet went out to the car and got my diaper bag. I felt like all eyes were on me as Violet took me by the hand to the ladies room. I heard at least one small voice say, “That lady peed her pants,” before I made it to the sanctity of the bathroom. Once in the stall Violet got to work right away.

She pulled down my pants and the panties that I had just got to wear once and I stepped out of my shoes as she helped me. Then she put a clean diaper on me. However, for pants, all she had was a pair of bright orange soccer shorts. I stepped into them and watched embarrassed as Violet rolled up my panties into my pants and then stuffed the whole bundle into a plastic bag before tucking it in my diaper bag. I truly felt like a toddler being put back into diapers after an accident. That was exactly what I was.

We went out into the restaurant and Violet flagged down a McDonalds employee. “My niece had a bit of an accident in her seat. There is a bit of a puddle. I’m so sorry about that. She has medical issues.”

He looked at me and I know he was really cute. However, I had to go back to being brain damaged again. I still gave him an embarrassed smile before we left.

We got out to the car and Violet was smiling again. “That was unexpected.”

“It was unexpected to me as well. What’s going to happen when you get tired of diapering me? I might get stuck in diapers.”

“Didn’t you say you just forgot you didn’t have on a diaper on? I did that a couple times after I stopped wearing diapers from my pregnancy.” She suddenly looked sad, but she continued. “Of course I was in bed at the time, so cleaning up that mess wasn’t fun for Jeff. He’s a really good husband.”

“Well, I feel a bit better. Still embarrassed, but better.”

“Well let’s get you home. I bet you want to finish your book before Lillie comes.”

“Oh good idea,” I said. I read my book until we got back.

As we pulled in the driveway Violet looked at me. “Beth, do you want me to give you your bath now, or should I tell Lillie to bathe you tonight?”

I frowned. The idea of being naked in a tub while Lillie was scrubbing me was not the least bit appealing. Before meeting Violet, I really didn’t take a bath both morning and night. I usually showered right before I started making Peter’s dinner. I would usually take a shower in the morning as well, but sometimes I took a bath if I knew I could get my chores done before he got home. Then again, I usually didn’t pee myself. My change in the McDonalds bathroom left me smelling of pee. “You can bathe me now, Violet,” I said as we walked into the house.

We went in the bathroom and she started running the water. She then stripped me down to my diaper. I stood there and looked at myself in the mirror. I sure had fallen. I was first a promising college student, then I wore only lingerie for two years while being brutalized. Now, when I was supposed to graduate, I was just a big toddler.

“Do you need to go potty before I take your diaper off?” she asked. I kind of had to poop and I even thought about going in my diaper before bath time. The timing was actually perfect for once. However, I didn’t really want to poop in the diaper. Maybe I would have if it wasn’t Violet’s anniversary. I wondered if I hadn’t had an accident, if Violet would have let me poop in the toilet for once, but that was water under the bridge, or rather a puddle of something in the seat at McDonalds. “No, I’m fine,” I said.

She slid my diaper off and I sat in the water. This time, I couldn’t get away without playing with the toys. “You don’t have the excuse of the casts to avoid playing with the toys.” Reluctantly, I steered the little boats around the tub through the soapy water.

After I played a while, she smiled at me. “Time to get you clean.” She soaped up the washcloth and began scrubbing me. My arms, legs, and even my privates were soaped. She then poured water from a Tupperware pitcher unto my head before shampooing my hair.

Once clean she got me out of the tub and started to dry me off. She lay me down on the floor and I closed my eyes and readied myself for the diaper change.

She put the diaper under me and was going to close it up, but I stopped her. “Suppose Lillie doesn’t do a good job of changing me. I don’t want to get a rash.”

“It will be fine. She’s babysat before.”

“Well use Desitin just in case,” I begged.

“Okay, I suppose it won’t hurt,” she said. She smeared the cold slimy stuff on my diaper area and I did my best not to squirm because it was my idea. When she was done, she diapered me. She then dressed me in my plaid overalls and a pink t-shirt.

“All good?” she asked.

I nodded and then followed her to the living room where I sat with my book. I started reading.

“You know you need to put the book away before Lillie gets here,” she said.

“I will,” I said.

“I’m getting packed,” she said. “Be good. Jeff should be home in about a half an hour and then Lillie will be here at two.”

“Packed?” I asked panicked. “How long will you be gone?”

“Just the weekend,” she said. She turned and headed up the stairs.

I frowned. I had to spend a whole weekend with Lillie. My stomach gave a little rumble and I regretted not messing my diaper before bath time. I had to poop and I would not be able to wait until Violet and Jeff returned from their anniversary. I could hold out until at least this evening. I smiled at the thought of my little present that Lillie would have to deal with tonight.

*016*2013-06-27 12:13

CHAPTER TEN: THE BABYSITTER’S BOYFRIEND

I finally made it to the last three pages of the novel I was reading when the doorbell rang. Violet took the book from me and put a book mark in it and went to door. She wore a dress and pearls and she looked excited. “Beth, Lillie is here.” She opened the door, and Lillie walked in.

The girl was dressed in all black and wore glitter make up. She smiled. “Hello, Mrs. Violet. I’m ready to babysit Beth. She put her duffle bag on the coffee table and then sat right beside me. “How are you doing, Beth? We are going to have so much fun this weekend.” She then actually pinched my cheek. I wanted to scream at her, or at least tell her off, but again I couldn’t or it would blow my cover.

Violet did calm her down a bit. “Well don’t get Beth too worked up. She just got her stitches out and the doctor said to be careful not to reinjure her.”

Jeff came down the stairs and smiled at me. He took my hands in his. “Now, Beth, please be good for your babysitter. Violet and I will be back in a few days.” He gave me a hug and whispered in my ear. “Sorry about the babysitter. We can’t really explain it if you break your cover.”

I frowned, and sat back down on the couch. However Violet leaned over to Lillie. “Let me show you Beth’s room.” She got up and I followed them up the stairs. We walked down the hall and Violet opened the door. She didn’t open the door to my nursery, but to the guest room next to it. Inside was a full bed, a desk and a dresser. A couple bags of diapers peaked out from under the bed. It would be a nice room to live in and where I would have been living if I wasn’t always playing baby. “When you change her, you can just lay her on the floor. The baby monitor is right by her bed so you can listen in case she needs something.”

“I sure can do that,” said Lillie. “Where should I sleep?”

“I guess you can sleep in our room,” said Violet and led her to the master bedroom.

I went back down the stairs and sat on the couch. When I saw my book I just wanted to finish the last three pages, but I couldn’t risk Lillie seeing me. Instead I grabbed the tea set and set the coffee table as if I were going to have a tea party. They still didn’t come down, but I saw Lillie’s bag and I opened it up. I groaned. On the top of the bag were three Twilight DVDs. “How did that book ever get made into movies?” I asked myself. I dug deeper into the bag. There were clothes, of course, but I also felt something rounded and plastic. I was about to pull it out, but I heard footsteps going down the stairs and I quickly closed the bag and started sipping imaginary tea out of one of the tea cups.

“So if there is anything you need,” said Violet, “you have our cell phone numbers. Please call rather than let anything happen to Beth.”

“Don’t worry about anything,” said Lillie. “I can handle her and I will keep her dry and clean.” I blushed at the reference to my diapers.

Violet put her hand on my shoulder. “Can you say ‘bye, bye?’”

I grabbed onto her arm, but she dislodged me and I glanced at Lillie with apprehension. She waved and the followed Jeff out the door. Lillie held my hand until the car started and then she watched them pull out of the drive way.

“I got the house to myself now. You had better be good,” she warned me. She pulled out her phone and then dialed a number. “I got the house to myself. I am ready for you Brian.” She then hung up. She then unzipped my pants and stuck her hand inside my diaper. “Oh good, Beth. You are still dry. You got to promise me to try to stay dry when my boyfriend Brian gets here.”

I didn’t know what to do. I wanted to call Violet. I did know her number and there was a prepaid phone in Jeff’s desk drawer in the study. However, I didn’t want to blow my cover. I did not really care what kinds of decisions Lillie made, but not if it would inconvenience me. If she was going to slut around with her boyfriend, I wanted nothing to do with it. However, I would just have to play along.

I grabbed her by the arm and pulled her to the floor next to me by the coffee table and I handed her a tea cup.

“Oh, are you having a tea party, Beth?” She smiled and took a sip of the imaginary tea. Then she poured me some. It was still drinking air, but at least she was focused on her babysitting instead of the boyfriend. I wondered if I could teach her a lesson.

An hour later, I had to pee, so I wet myself. I was almost afraid I was getting too used to the diapers, but that choice was taken from me. I should have peed little by little, but I let it out in a flood and my diaper was soaked. It wasn’t to the leaking point, but I was ready for a change. I thought about trying to get her attention, but she was too busy naming my dolls and stuffed animals really hokey old people names like Jasper and Bella. It was only the doorbell which broke her out of her concentration.

“Oh, it’s Brian,” she said and opened the door.

A high school guy walked in. His hair was too long and he wore a leather jacket, even though it was the end of April. He wore a heavy metal t-shirt and he glance at me with apprehension when he walked in. “I thought you were babysitting by yourself,” he said. He pointed at me. “Who’s she?”

She took me by the hand. “Hey Beth, this is my boyfriend Brian. Beth is Violet’s niece. I’m babysitting her.”

He gave me a puzzled look. “She needs a baby sitter?”

“Um, yeah. She hit her head in college and is brain damaged. She can’t talk and the head injury really set her back. She acts like a toddler and even has to wear diapers.

“That is kind of gross,” said Brian.

“Well I am getting paid a hundred bucks for the weekend. I don’t care if she needs diapers or not.” She frowned at me and then reached her hand into my diaper. “Oh someone needs a diaper change.” She took my hand and led me to the guest bedroom.

“Should I wait outside?” he asked.

Of course he should wait outside. Was he a moron or something?

No, but someone was. “Nope. She does know one way or another if you can see her get changed.” She motioned me to a towel she laid on the floor. “Lie down for your diaper change, Beth.”

I could have made a fuss, but I would have got changed anyway, so I just lay down and closed my eyes.

She pulled off my jeans and opened my diaper and I just wanted to die as she began to clean me with wipes.

“Eww,” said Brian. “I’m waiting in the living room.” I was so grateful he decided to leave me alone.

She pulled the diaper off me and put the new one in place. Then after applying a bit of powder, she closed up my diaper. I then lifted my butt to let her put my pants back on, but she just pulled me to my feet. “I am not putting your pants on. If you wet, I really should keep an eye on you.”

I was angry, but I had to accept further humiliation. What else could Brian see of me that he hadn’t seen already? He already saw what was under my diaper and I didn’t have much under my shirt. Even Lillie had bigger breasts than me and she was probably going to be showing hers to Brian that night. There was going to no way I would win tonight. I would just complain angrily to Violet when she got home.

She took me by the hand out to the living room and I reluctantly took a seat on the floor and played with the blocks. I felt foolish sitting there in a diaper and a shirt, but Brian wasn’t paying attention to me. Lillie was straddling him on the couch and he had his hand up her shirt trying to undo her bra. My stomach hurt so bad, but I smiled anyway. It was time.

I sighed. I really was going to do this. There was no way to last the weekend without pooping myself and I had forgone my chance to mess before my bath. However, I had to go. I sat on my hands and knees in front of my tower of blocks. If I pushed, I would have a massive poop in my diaper. I looked up at Lillie and Brian. His hand was down her pants and she was moaning. I pushed. At first, I had trouble. I had to go a lot and it hurt as my butthole was stretched uncomfortably. Then the poop touched the inside of my diaper and I just had to push harder. Soon I could feel my diaper push away from my butt and I looked back to see a bulge. It looked like someone shoved a grapefruit in the back of my diaper.

Lillie and Brian were still making out, and even though I knew that I smelled, the scent probably hadn’t reached them. I crawled a bit closer to them and then sat down hard in front of the tea set. The bulge in the back of my diaper flattened and I felt the mess spread all over the inside of my diaper and the smell increased.

Immediately I regretted what I had done, but I grinned as Brian tried to sit up suddenly, which knocked Lillie to the floor. “Did you just fart?” he asked her. “It smells like shit in here.”

Lillie got up. “No, I didn’t,” she said. They both looked at me and Lillie groaned. “Beth must have had an accident.”

“Well, I’m going to go,” said Brian. “Good luck changing that dirty diaper.”

“I’ll just change her and then we can get back to kissing,” she said.

“I’m not touching you after you’ve touched a messy diaper,” he said. “I’ll see you when you don’t have babysitting duty. Oh. Shower first too.”

She scowled at Brian as he went out the door. When the door shut, she helped me to my feet. “You do realize,” she said, “that you kept me from losing my virginity. I hope you didn’t make me lose Brian because he and I are going to get it on.” She pulled me to the guest bedroom and laid me on the floor for the second diaper change of the night.

However, as soon as she opened my diaper, it became clear that she was unprepared for what she needed to do. At first she just stared at me lying on the open diaper. Then she thought to grab some wipes and tried to clean me. Then she looked at her hand and gagged. It looked like her eyes were watering and she got a panicked look on her face before running into the bathroom.

I heard puking sounds that went on for quite a few minutes and then I heard the sink running. Soon she returned and then closed the dirty diaper back on me. I was confused. I hoped she wasn’t planning on leaving me like this.

Instead, she led me to the bathroom and stripped me naked. Then she sat me in the tub, before undressing herself. She then got in with me and started the shower. The water ran down and washed the mess away in brown rivulets. I noticed Lillie was careful to stand away from me as she directed the nozzle of the shower toward my diaper area.

Once we were both clean, she laid me down and diapered me and then got a new outfit to put on.

I smiled until she came back. I had not only ruined her night with the boyfriend, but I also managed to make her throw up. However, I didn’t realize that she would have her revenge on me.

“Well, since it is just us girls,” she said, “let’s watch a movie.” She led me back to the living room. I sat on the couch while she put in a DVD. “I’ll get you caught up on the Twilight movies,” she said.

By the end of the night she made me watch the three Twilight movies she had. I don’t know which was more annoying: the movie or the squeeing when one of the characters took off his shirt.
