Doorsteps and Intentions

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2016-02-08 01:33

I am working on a more ambitious story, but this quick one came to me as I was going to sleep last night. :)

Lucy relaxed as she pissed herself.

She even pushed a little to try and get it over quickly. The front door of her house was at least partially visible from the street and it was entirely possible one of her neighbours might look over at the wrong time to catch her right in the middle of soaking her jeans. Which, while she had to admit, carried a sort of naughty thrill to it, she really didn’t want to be a subject of neighbourly gossip.

Lucy looked at the muddy work-boots lying on the veranda that seemed in some danger of being engulfed by her spreading puddle and felt a brief stab of annoyance. How many times had she asked Brad to wash those off and put them away? It would serve him right if a family of Red-backs moved in. Or if they got weed on. She hadn’t even really needed to wee particularly badly. Certainly not badly enough to have had an accident or anything like that. Nevertheless she had every intention of pretending that that was what had happened.

In reality she had a very large and strong bladder. She’d only been genuinely desperate maybe half a dozen times in her whole life and only once had she ever had an actual, for real, totally uncontrollable, pants-wetting accident. And had she had that one-time accident at another time in her life, or even on a different day, or in a different place, it would undoubtedly have been not only the first but also the last time she ever wet her clothes.

However that fateful event had occurred right in front of her new husband. Which should have by all rights been the worst possible place to piss yourself. But it wasn’t. Instead of being quietly disgusted with her, or gently sympathetic, he had all but dragged her into the bedroom where they had had the most passionate sex of her life. There hadn’t even been time to remove her soaking underwear.

It hadn’t been hard to work out that these events were hardly coincidental and when they lay sweat-soaked and spent in each other’s arms afterwards and Brad had asked her if she often had accidents like that she hadn’t even thought about what to say. “Sometimes…” She’d said with a blush that was more because of the lie than anything else.

It became a semi-regular routine after that. Lucy would manage to get herself into a situation where she could wet her pants and plausibly claim that it had been an accident. And then they would have fantastic sex. It had got to the point that she actually really enjoyed wetting herself. Something that a few years ago would have been completely unfathomable.

The hem on her right leg had finally stopped its dripping, there was no point getting wee on the carpet. Lucy slipped off her shoes, cheap flats with a washable insole, she wasn’t about to ruin a good pair of shoes for sex. She had priorities! Once her wet shoes were lined up neatly next to the door, and Brad’s work-boots as well, Lucy knocked on the door and prepared her best sheepish smile.

Who do you imagine was more shocked when her mother-in-law opened the door?

*005*2016-02-12 00:21

Thanks guys! :) I like punchy endings as well!

{{:

Short but sweet! I’ve never read a story where the characters had a relationship quite like this one. I hope to read more about this couple, and maybe even read about the awkward aftermath of the final sentence.

}}

I’m finding it hard to string together enough time to write anything of any length. :( However I like the idea of a second part to this as well. So one follows below! Maybe I’ll even write a third next week.

Lying in bed late that night Lucy regretted not faking a fainting spell.

She did have low blood pressure so it wasn’t implausible. And it might have go rid of Brad’s mum, Pam. Because the whole evening had been one of the most embarrassing nights of Lucy’s entire life. But she didn’t think of it till later on. At the time she couldn’t think of anything much at all. In essence her train of thought was just “Fuck! Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.” Lucy absolutely never swore. Certainly not in front of Pam. But she did think swear words sometimes. Particularly in front of Pam.

The moment her mother-in-law opened the door, and her eyes dropped to Lucy’s soaked pants, time had seemed to slow to a crawl. It was if they had stood there looking at each other in a dreadful blend of shock and horror for minutes. It had probably only been a few seconds though. If it had really been longer it would have been weird.

It was Pam who spoke first, steadfastly staring her daughter-in-law in the eyes, “Oh… Did you have an accident? Or…”

“Um…” Lucy felt as if her throat had lost the ability to let her speak as she desperately tried to think of a reason that she could be standing in a puddle on her doorstep wearing jeans in which she had obviously just wet herself.

Then Pam smiled at her and whispered conspiratorially, “I’ll go distract Brad in the backyard. You get yourself decent.” And she whisked herself away through to the kitchen before Lucy could offer some obvious lie to explain the state of her clothes that they could both nevertheless pretend to accept.

By the time Lucy had showered and put on fresh clothes Pam was setting the table. Apparently she had invited herself over for dinner. And she’d overcooked the roast Lucy had planned on making for tomorrow’s games night. Not that Pam would agree with her about the roast. Pam liked her’s to be boot leather. So did Brad.

Still, as the dinner marched interminably onward Lucy let her hopes rise that Pam wasn’t going to ever mention the whole doorstep incident again. Unfortunately those hopes were to be dashed when after the mushy carrots and potentially-pink-and-delicious-but-unfortunately-grey-and-horrid roast were finished and Brad had left the room Pam gave her a sympathetic smile, “Are you feeling better now Love?” and without even waiting for a reply launched into a horrifyingly long and unnecessarily detailed story about how she herself had once had “a bit of an accident” when she was first pregnant with Brad.

“I’m not pregnant!” Lucy said, louder than she meant to. Pam had been dropping increasingly obvious hints that she was ready for grandchildren before Brad had even proposed to her. “Well we’ll see” Pam said looking satisfied. She could be frustratingly superstitious like that. Just because she had had an accident when she first got pregnant meant that every young woman who ever found themselves caught short must be pregnant? Madness!

Luckily Brad came back with the tinned peaches and vanilla ice cream at that point and perfectly reading the expression on his wife’s face thought better of asking what they had been talking about.

As Lucy drifted off to sleep she considered that there was simply no way that she was ever going to be able to tell Brad about that particular “accident”. There was just no way to disentangle his mother from it. There was nothing else for it.

She was just going to have to wet her pants again tomorrow.

*010*2016-03-06 21:44

{{:

Just keep adding on short installments and soon you’ll have a story with some length to it! Perhaps you are the kind of writer who writes best in installments that you can get feedback and encouragement on.

A lot of people don’t know it, but publishing novels one chapter at a time in periodicals was actually the norm in the 19th century. I’m not going to pretend that what we do on omorashi.org is in any way comparable in literary quality, but authors like Dostoevsky published works like “Crime and Punishment” one installment at a time, in order to earn money per word. So there’s certainly nothing wrong with exposing your writing to the public before the story is finished.

}}

I agree entirely. That’s basically what I’ve done with “Felicity”. I do have a larger piece planned that is rather slower going at the outset though, and my concern there is that I end up without enough feedback or encouragement to get me to keep going with it. I’ll see :p

I know Dickens usually wrote like that as well. The whole story about the mob swarming the wharves in New York to learn the fate of Little Nell when the last installment of The Old Curiosity Shop arrived.

*013*2016-09-06 04:29

The night was going badly and Lucy had just learned that she was not one of those women who could pee just a little.

Which was possibly handy to know for future reference but it was decidedly inconvenient at that particular moment.

She could hear it starting to run off the edge of her chair and onto the carpet. And she was still weeing. Lucy clenched her muscles as tightly as she could but it didn’t seem to make much of a difference. Her pee continued to pour unabated through her soaking knickers. She was reminded on the one time she’d tried to do a pull-up. Sometimes your muscles just don’t respond the way you’d like them to.

The silver lining was that at least no one seemed to have noticed. Yet at least. It didn’t seem particularly likely that she was going to be able to escape unnoticed. Mick was talking to her husband Brad about something, who knows what. Shiela had pulled her phone out. That was just like Shiela; always on her phone.

It had been a spur of the moment decision. Which wasn’t like Lucy at all. Normally she planned out her “accidents” to ensure minimal embarrassment. It was probably the wine that did it. Muscat had always made her make bad decisions. (Something for Kate. Kevin.)

She had only intended to leak a little bit. Just to get her knickers a bit wet, so that later, when Shiela and Mick had left, she could encourage Brad to put his hand up her skirt and discover his wife had had another “accident”. So much for that. Her feet were getting wet.

The evening had been fun up till this point; Pizza and a board game. Brad had given her the latest “Ticket to Ride” map for her birthday the month before and it was her first time trying it out. Five stars. The pizza was one star. Or maybe no stars if her mental star rating system allowed such an uncharitably low score. Don John’s had just opened up down the street between the TAB and the news agency. It would not be staying long. Don John’s pizzas were hot circles of disgusting. Which wouldn’t have been a thing that she had to eat if Pam hadn’t ruined her roast the night before.

Lucy hadn’t been intending on wetting herself at all that night. There just didn’t seem like there would be a natural way to do it. But then she had laughed particularly hard at something Mick had said and she found herself having to squeeze her muscles to keep from peeing. Not that she’d ever wet herself laughing, not even a trickle. Though Sheila did once back when they were at university together. Lucy had never told Brad that story. And she didn’t intend to.

But it gave her the idea. It now occurred to Lucy that obviously she should have waited till Mick and Sheila had left, then leaked a little and told Brad it had happened earlier. But she didn’t think of that at the time. And it would have felt exciting to be sitting there in damp undies imagining how Brad would react when her found out she was wet. It just hadn’t seemed possible that she might not be able to stop and would empty her entire bladder all over herself. Fuck.

Her phone vibrated next to her on the table. Maybe thinking annoyed thoughts about Shiela’s phone use was hypocritical Lucy mused as she read her message. It was from Shiela.

“Oh… Did you have an accident? Or…”

Damn it… Lucy replied in a text. “Oh my God! Yes! Freaking laughing. :( :( :(”

“ok. No worries. Happens to the best of us. Are you sure you aren’t pregnant!?? I’ll fake a headache and get Mick out of here. Don’t know what your going to do about Brad though.”

Lucy winced a little. For three reasons.

Shiela was as good as her word. Within minutes she and Mick were out the door and Lucy hadn’t even had to stand up.

“Do you reckon they left unusually quickly?” Brad asked with very un-brad-like perceptiveness.

“It probably had something to do with this…” Lucy bit her lip as she stood and span on the spot the show her soaked bottom and legs.

And all at once she found herself pressed firmly against the wall with Brad’s mouth at her neck. “I was laughing…” she gasped, “and I couldn’t stop.” Brad’s hands made their way up her legs.

On reflection the night hadn’t turned out so badly after all.
