Best Sister Ever

Author: wildintokyo

*000*2016-07-17 14:53

So after being a lurker on here for ages, I've finally decided to contribute by writing this original short story as my very first forum post. Hope you like it! This is one of my own fantasies, not related to any actual real-life experiences. I call this story "Best Sister Ever". Here goes:

It was Sara’s 21st birthday. The slim brunette was excited and grinning with anticipation. With evening coming on, her friends had all gone home and only her younger sister Kate had yet to give her a present. The small campus apartment seemed very quiet without all the noise of the earlier celebrations. Sara drummed her fingers on the table and glanced speculatively at the door to the bathroom. What was taking Kate so long? Her sister had promised something special to end an already memorable day. What could it be?

“Okay sis, are you ready?” Kate’s voice sounded muffled through the closed door.

“I’ve been ready. Hurry up and come out!” Sara grumped. “Don’t know why you have to get all dressed up when we’re not going anywhere.”

“Oh, I think you’ll agree it was worth the wait…” Kate purred as she pulled open the door.

And Sara’s jaw dropped open. Kate was dressed in an exquisite purple dress that clung tightly to her athletic frame, the hem of which ended well above the knee to show off well-muscled thighs. The neckline of the dress plunged in a low V that exposed the swell of the 19 year-old’s perky breasts. Curls of reddish hair framed a face that wore a decidedly impish expression. As Kate crossed the room, the bright wall lamp highlighted her smooth, coppery complexion.

Kate grabbed her sister’s hand and hauled Sara toward the apartment’s tiny bedroom. “Come on sis, I’ve got your gift in here.”

“Wow you look stunning,” was all Sara could say as she let herself be led into the room and plopped down on the side of the bed. She looked around for any evidence of a hidden present, but nothing out of the ordinary caught her eye. “So where are you hiding my present?”

Kate sat next to Sara, still smiling impishly. She leaned back on the bed, stretching her legs so that the hem of the dress rode up even higher, revealing a bit more of her smooth, creamy skin. She studied Sara’s face, catching her sister’s sharp intake of breath and noticing as the older girl’s eyes flicked to her legs. Heart thumping in her chest, she grabbed Sara’s hand and place it on her bare knee in one smooth motion. “I’m your present.”

“Wha… what?” Sara stammered.

“You heard me,” Kate whispered. “I’ve seen the way you sneak peeks when I undress for the shower. I know you like my stomach and legs. I know you’ve always wanted to touch me. Hey, don’t look so surprised! You’re my sister, and my roommate. Of I course I notice these things.”

Sara’s face turned bright red. “I’m sorry. I should have said something…”

Kate looked at Sara’s hand on her leg. “Go ahead. I know you want to move it upward.”

Taking a deep breath, Sara slowly rubbed her hand up Kate’s thigh, feeling her sister’s perfect, silky skin. She stopped with her fingers just inches away from the bottom of Kate’s dress. “You don’t know how long I’ve fantasized about this. I can’t believe you’re so OK with it!”

Kate could feel her nipples growing hard as Sara caressed her thigh. She looked deep into her sister’s eyes, and then took the plunge. “Trust me, I’ve been thinking about this for a long time too. Tonight, my body is yours. You can do anything to me, touch me anywhere, make me do anything. That’s my present to you!”

“Hmm, anything? You really mean that?” Sara tore her eyes away from Kate’s leg and studied her sister’s face in turn.

“Yep. Anything. I trust you.”

And now it was Sara’s turn for an impish smile. “I know just the thing. Wait here.” She darted out of the room and returned a moment later carrying a huge pitcher of water and a tall glass. “I’ve always wanted to experiment with your stomach and bladder.”

“Okay…” Kate said uncertainly. “What do you want me to do?”

Sara filled the glass to the brim and handed it to Kate. “Drink up sis. Chug the whole glass without stopping.”

Kate’s eyebrows rose in a questioning look, but she took the glass readily enough and raised it to her lips. She began to drink. Her throat worked as she poured the water down. Sara place a hand on her sister’s stomach, feeling her belly button through the fabric of the tight dress. As she finished the glass, Sara pushed suddenly against Kate’s stomach, causing her to make a little urp sound.

“Whew, that’s a lot of water,” Kate said. “Don’t push too hard.”

“We’re not done yet,” Sara grinned as she filled the glass up again. She was starting to relax and become more comfortable as events progressed.

“Another one?” Kate groaned. But she didn’t hesitate in tossing back the second glass as quickly as the first. This time, Sara moved behind Kate and put her arms around the younger girl’s waist, as if preparing to perform the Heimlich maneuver. She rubbed Kate’s stomach, feeling the dress tighten as her sister’s belly expanded.

As she finished the second glass, Kate hiccupped and pressed a hand to her gurgling tummy. “Ugh, I feel so full, like my stomach’s turned into a giant water balloon.”

“Now lay down sis,” Sara commanded. “This is where it gets really interesting.”

Kate lay down on the bed, placing her arms straight by her sides. Taking another deep breath, Sara climbed on top of Kate, leaned down, and before she could take the time to think about it, kissed her sister deeply on the lips. Kate’s eyes widened in surprise, but she didn’t try to pull away. Instead, she snaked her arms around Sara’s neck and pulled her closer.

Kate’s nipples were now painfully erect, and her heart thundered in her ears. She was also acutely aware of all the water sloshing in her stomach, and how heavy Sara felt on top of her. Without warning, Sara moved a hand between their entwined bodies, placed it on Kate’s stomach, and pumped down hard. They were still kissing, and Kate couldn’t help herself. The sudden pressure forced out a bubble of air, making the 19-year old burp into her older sister’s mouth.

Sara finally rolled off her sister, giggling like a little girl. “Oh, that was precious! The look on your face!”

Kate gasped for air, and burped again, louder this time. “Sis, that hurt my stomach so much. Are you trying to make me throw up?”

Sara gave her a mischievous look. “Don’t give me any ideas…”

As Sara filled up the water glass a third time, Kate started wondering if she was going to regret gifting herself to her sister. Clearly Sara had even more devilish plans than Kate had suspected. “I don’t know if I can drink any more. I’m pretty full.”

“Oh come on,” Sara cajoled, forcing the glass into Kate’s hands. “Just a little more. I know you can do it!”

“Okay, but if I puke you’re cleaning it up.”

This time Kate drank the water slowly, willing her protesting stomach to keep it down. As she did, Sara ran her hands up Kate’s legs again, but this time she didn’t stop at the edge of the purple dress. Sara’s hands plunged under the soft fabric, questing upwards. She touched her sister’s underpants, running a finger lightly along the girl’s panty line.

As Kate finished the water and set the glass aside, Sara lifted the dress over Kate’s head and tossed it into one corner of the room. Kate settled back on the bed, the full glory of her beautiful body revealed as she lay there in only bra and panties. She took deep breaths, in and out, trying to will the queasy feeling in her swollen belly to subside. “I need to burp some more.”

“Go ahead,” Sara smiled, rubbing her hands along Kate’s exposed stomach muscles. She fingered Kate’s perfect belly button, trying to decide if it would be more fun to make her sister throw up or force her to hold all that water in. She pressed down again playfully, rhythmically pumping on her sister’s smooth stomach, enjoying the liquid squelching sound of all the water churning around inside.

“Oh God,” Kate’s face contorted in a grimace, and she let out a series of watery belches. Her belly muscles abruptly heaved, and just like that she felt the water coming back up. Strangely enough, she felt horny as hell at the same time.

“Oh no,” Sara scolded, coming to a decision. “You do not get to do that. Choke it back down, you can do it!”

Sara clapped a hand over her sister’s mouth and pinched her nose shut, barely in time as Kate’s cheeks bulged. She felt watery vomit splash against her palm. Kate’s eyes popped out of her head and she made retching noises, chest rising from the bed. The sides of her throat worked frantically as she struggled to swallow it all back down, stomach spasming in protest, face turning blue. Through some iron effort of will, she managed to keep the water in, just.

Sara slowly took her hand away, wiped it on her clothes, and sat back. “I’m sorry, sis. Didn’t mean to take it that far.”

Kate gasped for air, chest rising and falling like a bellows, stomach churning like a boiling pot. For one awful moment she thought she was going to throw up again, but the water stayed down. It took a couple minutes before she could bring herself under control enough to talk. “I can’t believe you did that!”

Sara looked abashed. “Do you want to stop?”

Kate looked at her slowly, then shook her head. “No. I promised you could do anything, and I meant it. But please don’t push on my poor stomach anymore.”

“Ok. Let’s try something else then.”

Sara touched a finger to Kate’s belly button again, then moved it slowly downward, tracing a line across Kate’s skin to the waistline of her panties. She paused, looking questioningly to her sister’s face. Kate nodded her permission. “You can move your hand lower sis. Go ahead, it’s okay.”

Sara didn’t need any more urging. She slipped her finger under the other girl’s pale blue underpants and ran it along Kate’s abdominal muscles, just above the dark mound of her pubic hair.

“How does this feel?” Sara asked, and pushed with her finger against the skin of her sister’s bladder.

Kate gasped, and involuntarily squeezed her thighs together as a sharp pang went through her groin. “Oof, I guess a lot of that water has already gone to my bladder.”

Sara giggled. “You have a wonderful body sis. Your skin is so smooth. I love filling you up and pushing on you.”

Kate’s pulse was starting to race again. She felt a fiery feeling slowly spreading through her lower body. She thought she knew where this was going.

And she was right. “Now,” Sara said slowly, “we wait. Let’s see how long it takes before your bladder fills up and explodes.”

“Oh wow”, Kate gasped. “You’re not going to let me use the bathroom are you?”

“Nope,” Sara replied with an evil grin.

Time passed. Sara spent the next half hour rubbing her hands up and down every inch of her sister’s supple body, exploring and probing. And Kate’s bladder bulged with more and more urine. After a while it starting throbbing, a perfect counterpoint to her thumping heart. She kept her legs squeezed tightly together, doing her best to ignore the mounting pressure.

“Wow, you’re really filling up fast,” Sara murmured, rubbing the bulging mound of Kate’s abdomen. She began pressing against her sister’s bladder, gently at first and then gradually increasing the pressure.

Kate groaned, twisting on the bed. “Oh don’t do that,” she gulped as waves of pain spiked through her groin. “I’m getting so full. It’s hard to keep holding it.” But the pain also felt good, paradoxically. Kate’s body trembled slightly, and she realized she was getting very close to orgasming in her underpants.

“I do think you’re about to explode sis,” said Sara. She paused for a moment, then moved her hand even lower inside Kate’s underpants and slipped a finger into her sister’s vagina. Kate gasped in pleasure. Sara probed with her finger, and felt the walls of Kate’s swollen bladder from inside her body.

“Oh my God, oh my God, I’m gonna burst,” Kate wailed. “Push on me. Push on me hard. I want to see what it feels like.”

Sara pressed upwards with her finger, and pushed down against Kate’s abdomen with her other hand at the same time, squeezing the other girl’s bladder like an overripe grape. Kate gasped, and a jet of urine sprayed over her sister’s hand, dampening the cloth of her cotton underpants. Sara pulled her hand out and giggled. “Look sis, you got my hand all wet.”

Kate pressed a hand between her thighs, struggling to keep the thin stream of pee from turning into a flood. A few wayward drops trickled down her inner thighs before she managed to stem the flow.

“Wow, I almost lost it. That felt so amazing. Wow,” Kate said. “I think I can hold the rest a while longer.” The pressure in her groin was still intense, but manageable once Sara stopped pumping her. Her slightly wet underpants felt warm against her skin, and then cold as the pee cooled.

Sara helped her to sit up, then filled the glass of water one more time, emptying the rest of the pitcher. “Now that your stomach has emptied a bit, I want you to drink a little more. We need to keep your stomach full so it keeps the pressure on your bladder.”

“You’re the boss, sis,” Kate said, and slowly sipped the water as the birthday girl gently rubbed her damp crotch. “You know, I’m actually super horny. I don’t know if I’m going to pee first or orgasm. Maybe both at the same time!”

“Heh, I guess we’ll find out soon!”

After the water was finished, Sara eased her sister back down into a prone position. She kissed Kate on the forehead, then the lips, then the tips of her breasts. Kate moaned with pleasure as Sara worked her way down her sister’s body, stopping at last to lick the dampness at her crotch. A few more minutes passed as Sara parted Kate’s legs and rubbed the inside of her muscular thighs. Shiny beads of urine glistened on her slick skin.

Kate’s chest rose and fell as her breathing quickened, and sweat stood out on her forehead. Her cheeks were flushed. Her whole body trembled, straining with the effort of keeping all the pee from bursting out.

“I can’t take it anymore,” she gasped. “Make me explode sis. Pump on me until I burst.”

“Are you sure?” Sara sounded oddly hesitant, pausing with both hands held over her sister’s underpants. The waistline of the blue panties was tight against Kate’s engorged abdomen. Kate could feel the weight of water in her stomach pushing down against her bladder, heavier and heavier.

“Just do it!” Kate hissed, clenching her teeth. Her back arched up from the bed. “Oh God, I’m gonna orgasm… I’m gonna…”

Sara slammed her hands down, pressing hard with both hands against Kate’s bladder. Kate screamed from the sudden explosion of pain. Sara pumped down again, leaning all her weight against her sister’s tender body. And again. And again. Kate’s body spasmed, and she orgasmed a moment later, a brief burst of ecstasy drowning out the pain. And then her stressed bladder, badly weakened from all the pumping, simply exploded.

Urine gushed out from Kate’s peehole, soaking through her panties in an instant and running in rivulets down her perfect legs. She felt the warmth spread out in a puddle all around her, a hissing noise accompanying the flood. “Oh wow, oh wow, that feels so good…”

Sara slipped her hands inside Kate’s soaked panties, feeling the warm urine flowing around her fingers. Then she took her hands out and rubbed pee over her sister’s stomach and chest, spreading the wetness around and reveling in the sensation of smooth, slippery skin. Kate’s body continued trembling as her bladder emptied, pee pouring out everywhere and making a mess of the bed. In the spirit of experimentation, Sara put her face to her sister’s crotch, letting some of the flow spray into her open mouth. The pee tasted like salty water.

Eventually the flow lessened, first to a stream, then a trickle, and finally stopping altogether. Kate just lay there, spread-eagled in the wet bed, body covered in rapidly cooling urine, chest and stomach moving in and out as she slowly brought her breathing under control. Strands of reddish hair clung to her sweaty forehead, and her cheeks were flushed with exhilaration. “So who’s going to clean up the bed?”

Sara stared at her for a moment, then burst out giggling. “I don’t know. We’ll figure it out later.” She sat back with a smile, taking in the scene. “Thanks for being the best sister ever! I’ll never forget this night.”

Kate smiled back. “You’re welcome. But the night is still young. What do you want to do next?”

“I have a few more ideas,” Sara teased, leaning in toward her sister again. Yes, it was going to be an unforgettable night indeed.

