The Persistence of Memory

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2015-07-16 14:24

Memory is strange. What we hold on to. What we let go of. The little things. The unbound, the flotsam. So long as they are unbound... anyway.

You remember the 29th of November 2012. You remember what you ate for breakfast. You remember what you wore. You remember what you did.

You don’t remember any of those things about the 27th or 28th of November. But you remember all of them, in detail, for the 29th of November 2012. Because all those tiny, unimportant memories are, in this case, bound.

You remember you woke up with your alarm but stayed in bed to doze for a while. Maybe you stayed up late the night before. Reading domestic noir or watching TV, perhaps. You don’t remember that, those details belong to November the 28th and are lost forever.

You dozed for so long, half dreams forgotten within minutes, that you had to rush your morning routine. Instant coffee, strong and hot. Bowl of Special K in front of your computer in a dressing gown. Needed to pee but but got dressed quickly first. Pink undies, you remember that with special vividity. Green and white pleated Basque dress. Needed to pee but you decided to put the kettle back on for second cup of coffee first. What were you doing last night that you needed so much coffee? You got distracted by something. Sculled the coffee while it was still hot and raced out the door.

In the car you remembered that you forgot to pee. You tossed-up running back inside but decided you were already running late and could wait until you got to work. You were stuck behind a pink Toyota Yaris for thirty minutes in a traffic jam on Williams. Some truck tipped over and made thousands of people late for work.

Sitting there, behind that Yaris, you regretted not peeing before you got dressed, or before making that second mug of coffee, or not popping back inside. You tried to distract yourself, listened to the radio, thought about something else.

But you really, really had to pee. You started to worry that if the traffic didn’t start to move soon you might wet yourself. You told yourself that wouldn’t happen. Thought about all the times you never wet your pants, no matter how desperate you got, how you always managed to hang on and make it to a toilet.

The practice HSC english exam in year 12 when you didn’t even care what mark you got so long as you didn’t pee in front of your classmates when Mrs Peats refused to let you go. The boat trip to Stone Island in Uni when you very nearly gave up and just let it happen but stubbornly refused to lose control and actually made it to shore despite your certainty that you wouldn’t.

You told yourself that this traffic jam was just like that. That it might have hurt, it did hurt, but that you could always just grit your teeth and hang on a little longer. You always had before.

You put a hand between your legs, pushed up hard against yourself. It helped a little.

You pulled into the car park. The building was maybe fifty meters away. Then ten more across the lobby. Through the ladies room door. Into a stall. You considered just letting go here, on the car seat, it was too far, and you were too desperate. Because what if you didn’t make it? You could have just relaxed, felt better, gone home and changed. There was no need to risk a dash through the building. But you had never wet your pants in your life, not since you were a little girl, you were going to make it and remember this moment later, at some future desperate moment, to inspire you to hold on that time as well.

So you got out of the car gingerly, carefully. Your bladder was a bowling ball. You had never, ever, needed to pee this badly. Surely no one had. You walked across the car park, casually, not hurrying, because you couldn’t. You didn’t dare blink, every movement was calculated to keep pressure off your bladder. You could feel yourself growing almost numb with urgency.

You pushed open the big glass front door to the lobby. And you remember this moment with special focus. The native flower display on Karen’s desk, Waratahs and Grevilleas. The display stand to your left, empty, waiting to be restocked. The row of clocks up on the wall, different times for different clients, melting away. And you leaked. Hot, and wet, and absolutely, entirely, shocking.

You clenched every muscle you possessed. Prayed to every God you didn’t believe in. It stopped. You didn’t really believe this could happen. Not to you. Should you turn around? Run back to your car, trailing urine?

You didn’t. You still thought you could make it. You walked across the lobby, straight to the bathroom, smiled good morning to Karen, heels clicking on the marble, pee running down your thighs.

You didn’t look down, you didn’t look back. Your pride and urine were running out of you steadily as you pushed open the ladies’ room door. It was getting on your dress, it was in your shoes. The relief was absolutely incredible, unspeakable, amazing. You peeled down sopping undies and tights and sat down on the toilet. There was no point. You had finished on the bathroom floor.

You considered throwing your underwear in the garbage, but didn’t. You couldn’t bring yourself to walk back into the lobby without undies on. So you winced and pulled them back up, clammy already. You didn’t cry. Not then. You were too stunned for that. You had never wet yourself.

There wasn’t anything else to do. You walked out of the bathroom and back through the lobby. Looking straight ahead. Meeting no one’s eye. Maybe no one was looking at you. Maybe everyone was. Your pee soaked dress flapped against the back of your knees.

You drove home, crying by then. Showered. Changed. Went back to work. No one said anything. Not even Karen. Maybe no one knew? Maybe everyone does? But no one ever said anything.

You have never worn pink undies again. You have never worn the green and white pleated Basque dress, it hangs, a reminder, in your closet. You have never eaten Special K again, it tasted wrong the next day.

And you remember absolutely everything about the 28th of November 2012.

*004*2015-07-18 15:03

Thanks guys :) I really appreciate the encouragement! Oops on that date SNAFU. And I hadn't read your second person story Satyr, thanks for the link, it is very cool.

*009*2015-07-26 15:28

Thank you all :) I'm so glad you enjoyed it. And I'm so flattered that you searched your secret email stash just to compliment me Izzy!

