A Simple Piss - Page 2

Author: Weasel

*025*2023-02-23 04:56

It's mostly a matter of how much time I can spend on it

*026*2023-02-28 04:04

Last one of this little experiment! And I think I like it the best of all.

###

"Locked Station"

Alicia stared into the dark station through its locked door. She’d walked the last twenty minutes counting on the train station, and its bathroom, to be open.

Go look for a place? Her train was due in twenty minutes, and this was an industrial area on a Sunday. Tourist spots were open, but they were much farther away.

Wait for the train, or pop a squat? Alicia was used to peeing outside—she’d been bumming around the country for months now, bathrooms weren’t always available. But it was only twenty minutes. She could hold it.

Thirty minutes later, no longer able to stand still, she changed her mind. Where? A wide expanse of train tracks in front of her, a big mostly-empty parking lot to her right and behind the station, and landscaping to her left. She shouldered her pack and walked left around the corner of the station, where the trees and bushes would shield her.

And the moment she was about to unzip and squat between the shrubs, a young woman came around the other corner of the station.

It was like looking in the mirror, really, although Alicia was raven-haired and the other was brunette. They were dressed for hiking, with frame packs and trail shoes and synthetic shorts and shirts. Same brands, even. They were both in their early twenties—and both traveling alone.

“Hi!” she said, letting her hands fall to her hips as if she’d just been shifting position and not about to drop her shorts.

“Hello!” the other said. “You are waiting for the train too?” She had a definite German accent.

“I am.”

“The station is locked?”

“Apparently,” Alicia said, rolling her eyes.

The young woman shook her head. “Your country does not know how to do trains at all.”

“Oh, I know! Don’t count on Amtrak to get you anywhere quickly. But it’s great for just wandering around.”

“Is that what you are doing?”

“Yup! Just seeing the country.” Alicia was trying hard not to squirm.

“I also! Where are you going after?”

“Up north—I’ve never been that way.”

“I also.” The other held out her hand. “I am Julia.” She pronounced it in the proper German fashion: Yulia.

“Alicia. Been in the States long?”

“Four weeks. How long have you been traveling?”

“About three months.”

Julia’s eyes widened in appreciation. “So, tell me!”

They stood talking for several minutes. Alicia oh-so-casually crossed her legs. She didn’t want to be rude to a kindred spirit—maybe a new friend. But she kept shooting glances over her shoulder to see if the train was coming. Clearly she wasn’t going to be able to pee in the bushes.

“Are you looking for the train?” Julia asked.

“Yeah. It’s really late!”

Julia held up her phone. “According to the website it will be at least another fifty minutes—maybe longer. The train does not seem to have moved in a while.”

Alicia’s stomach dropped. She didn’t think she’d be able to wait most of an hour, let alone “maybe longer.” To cover her sudden nervousness, she asked, “What site is that?”

“It is on Amtrak’s website…”

They took a look, and agreed it was quite useful, and then Alicia said, “Well, if you knew it was that late, you sure got here early.”

“I came hoping the train station would be open,” Julia said ruefully.

“It wouldn’t be much of a station even if it were.”

“I was looking for a lavatory,” Julia said with an embarrassed smile. “My apologies. Is that—how do you say it—‘Too Much Information’?”

“Oof, sorry. Do you need a pad or a tampon?” Alicia asked, in sisters-of-the-road solidarity.

“No, no—but thank you for asking. I just have a need to. Ah. To urinate.”

“So properly German!” Alicia teased.

“Ah! Well, what I wanted to say was pissen, but I did not know how you would react.”

Alicia said, “Well, I would say I came to the station for the exact same thing, so I’m in the exact same situation.”

This mutual confession made them grin at each other. Not just shared interests, but shared need.

“It is, ah, a little urgent for me,” Julia said.

“Me, too,” Alicia admitted.

“Would it be very rude if I asked you to walk away a little bit?” Julia asked, her eyes revealing her desperation.

“Oh, so you can pop a squat?”

“I do not know what that means.”

Alicia demonstrated. But it was agony on her bladder, and she had to stand up again immediately. “To piss outside,” she explained.

“Yes, that is exactly what I need to do,” Julia said, smiling in relieved understanding—but only somewhat relieved.

“Meee toooo,” Alicia said. “I was literally about to do that when you came around the corner! So it’s only rude if you make me wait even longer.”

“You want to go first?” Julia said. “I will stand guard.” But her tense expression showed she wasn’t excited about waiting even that much.

“You know what?” Alicia said. “No one’s around, and there’s plenty of room, if you don’t mind sharing—oh!”

As soon as Alicia had said “plenty of room,” Julia began taking off her pack and undoing her belt.

“So that’s how it is,” Alicia said, unzipping her shorts.

“It is,” Julia said, pulling down her own shorts and squatting. Alicia followed suit.

The next few moments, the only sound was the hissing of their streams. Then:

“Ahhhhhh…”

“That’s so much better.”

“Yes it is.”

“Whew. Couldn’t have waited much longer.”

“I neither.”

Still peeing, Alicia got some tissue out of her bag and passed some over.

“Danke shön.”

Alicia finished first and stood. She didn’t look at Julia still pissing a river beside her, but she didn’t really look away, either. “So where are you headed, again?” she asked.

“North. After that—I do not know.”

“In that case—want some company?”

Julia smiled.

