ΠΣΣ (Pi Sigma Sigma): Zephyr Moves In - Page 2

Author: Weasel

*020*2019-09-15 05:47

Yah, I can't say I did a great job... It's just not in Zeph to do it, she's so much more about getting her clothes off. But Kari will be around. 

Next story has been begun, but I didn't get any writing done today and the next few promise to be busy. I think you'll like the next installment, though -- a little different. 

*022*2019-10-05 15:16

I just learned about the new rules today, and I posted my thoughts over in this thread

$$.

Long story short: I approve of this policy and frankly, if it were my forum, I'd be even stricter. 

This story, and all my others on this site, are exclusively about women out of high school, and so should not be affected by this policy in any way. Most of the girls in this particular story are in their 20s and in college, and those who are not in college have graduated. 

I've also made it clear from the get-go that these stories are rooted in enthusiastic consent, and always will be. 

The next story is in the works! I might be able to get it posted today, but don't hold your breath. 

*023*2019-10-12 15:18

Well, that took a lot longer than I thought... and even after all that time, I'm not satisfied. But I didn't want to keep y'all waiting any longer. This will be a prime candidate for rewriting someday. 

If you're used to my stories you know there's a lot of sex. This one is no exception. 

###

Bella woke up. 

As she usually did in the morning, she stretched out her arms and legs—and stretched out her senses, checking every part of her body. It’s a myth that the humans only have five senses. The sense of balance, for example, isn’t in touch, smell, taste, hearing, or sight. The sense of hunger or thirst isn’t exactly taste. The sense of heat isn’t exactly touch. The sense of time passing, the sense of recognition. And, of course, the sense of a full bladder. 

Bella checked her senses every morning to remind herself that she was more than just a “blind girl,” that she was capable in a variety of ways. She’d done this routine ever since grade school, when she’d felt like an outcast. Over time she’d learned to use her senses extremely well. She could hear, for instance, that someone was awake downstairs—probably Kari, judging by the cadence of her steps—but that nobody was in the bathroom. 

Should she pee? That was another piece of her usual routine. She strongly preferred peeing at home, where she knew every corner of the bathroom, and she’d long ago trained herself to pee just twice a day. But now she was going for just once a day. 

Bella ran through her schedule… and decided she needed more information. She reached for her phone and said to it, “Text Grahame: ‘Are you going dancing tonight?’” She was so lucky, she knew, to live in an era of so many conveniences. 

She set the phone back down and got up out of bed. She wore a silk nightgown many nights, she loved the feel of the silk on her skin—but she pulled the nightgown up over her head and found the hanger waiting for it in the closet. Then she stepped back and ran her hands over her body: her arms, her hips, her butt, her belly, her breasts. 

The absolutely marvelous thing about being both bi and busty, she thought for the 845th time, was that you turned yourself on. She loved her breasts, and loved the effect they had on other people. She ran her hands over them, and under them, finding all the little sensitivities. Her nipples hardened fast. She slid her hands back down to her belly, cradling the fullness of her bladder—nowhere near as full as it sometimes had been, when it was bulging out and she’d felt like she’d grown a third boob, albeit one with a misplaced nipple. She reached for that nipple, down between her legs. Having a clitoris—and a sense of touch perhaps somewhat more sensitive than most people’s—was simply marvelous. 

But after only a little while of this, she knew that what she really wanted wasn’t available. Not on her body, not in the house. Kelly might get her off, Amanda might have just the right vibrator, but Bella wanted something no one in the house possessed: a real live penis. Penises were just crazy fun to play with. And they were generally attached to men: men, with their fascinating scents and planes and angles. The girls of ΠΣΣ House were marvelously sexy but they all had the same softnessess (even mighty little Ashley, with those excellent muscles), and many of the same smells. She wanted a man. She wanted a man’s beard beneath her lips, a man’s arms around her body, a man’s legs between her legs, a man’s penis inside her. She wanted him now… but it would have to wait. 

Her phone chimed, and when she hit the appropriate button, it announced: “Text from Grahame: ‘I am if you are.’” 

“Reply: ‘I most certainly am. Any plans afterward?’” 

The next reply was much faster. “None so far.” 

“Why don’t you keep it that way? I might be interested in something after.” 

“As you wish.” 

Bella spun in a little circle in excitement. She hadn’t wanted to be too obvious, but she also hadn’t wanted him to miss the point. On the other hand, Grahame was a fairly subtle thinker. He’d picked up her meaning—or enough of it, anyway. It was easier, with the girls and their “traffic light” system, and their simply asking. But Gray was not part of the sisterhood. The world’s rules applied. But the message had gotten through anyway. And she wanted to take him to bed. She’d wanted to for a while… but today it was more than just wanting. She was craving him, craving to learn his body, craving that body between her thighs… 

Which brought her back to the question of peeing. Now that Grahame had said yes, an all-day hold seemed unwise and potentially distracting. She listened again. Someone had just gotten in the shower, but the bathroom of ΠΣΣ House was generally open to all. 

She slipped on her bathrobe. The bathroom was right across the hall from her room, but she generally kept nakedness to a minimum outside her bedroom. She felt the doorknob—no hair tie on the handle. She knocked. “Can I come in?” she asked. “It’s Bella.” She could identify everyone in the house by voice and gait and sometimes even breathing, but her sisters couldn’t—and besides, a running shower could throw off even her senses. 

“Sure!” came Zephyr’s voice. 

Ah, Zephyr. Amanda said the girl was quite the exhibitionist. So far it had all been lost on Bella. The kind of exhibitionism Bella required was a little more tactile, and it would be odd, even for ΠΣΣ House, to simply walk up to the girl and fondle her. But the new girl seemed sweet, and was reputedly an enthusiastic holder. Bella had begun as more of a holder-for-practicality’s-sake than a holder-for-pleasure… but she’d always enjoyed the sense of anticipation and the sense of release, and time in ΠΣΣ House had turned her into a full-fledged uromaniac. She just hoped Grahame would be adventurous enough to understand… 

All these thoughts flashed through Bella’s mind as she entered the bathroom and walked, fearlessly, over to the toilet. She lifted the lid—the seat was down, of course—and then lifted her bathrobe. 

“Good morning!” Zephyr said, turning off the shower. 

“Good morning. Any big plans for your Friday?” 

“Not really. You?” 

“I’m going dancing tonight,” Bella said. Then, her hopes and excitement getting the better of her, she added: “With Grahame. And I might just bring him home with me tonight.” 

“Ooooooh,” Zephyr said. By the sound of it, she was lathering herself up. “Lucky man. Have you hinted?” 

“I have most definitely hinted. Would you be all right with him coming over?” 

“Of course!” Zeph said. “It’s not like I’ve got anything else going on.” 

“Do I sense a little bitterness?” Bella said, teasing gently. Half her mind, however, was on the lovely warm sensation of her emptying bladder. 

“Just a little,” Zephyr said. 

“Look at it this way,” Bella advised. “Anticipation makes the consummation all the sweeter.” 

“Oh, I know,” Zeph said, turning the water back on to rinse herself off. Bella finished peeing and wiped, then went over to the sink to brush her hair. “I know,” Zephyr repeated, sighing. “But the waiting is the hard part. So I envy you, just a little.” 

“I think you’ll get what you want,” Bella said. “Ashley is extremely excited to be around you. I know.” 

“How?” 

“Her breathing picks up whenever you enter the room. You haven’t noticed?” 

“I’ve been trying not to stare.” 

Bella laughed. She rarely smiled by choice—she’d been told it looked profoundly odd—but laughter transcended all that. “That’s one advantage to learning so much from my ears. Sometimes, I think it’s all of you who are the blind ones,” she told Zephyr. “Metaphorically, of course.” She laid her comb down exactly where she’d picked it up. 

“Well, I hope it goes well with Grahame tonight,” Zephyr said, turning off the water again and getting out of the shower. “Let me know if there’s anything I can do to help.” 

“I’ll want someone to look me over before I go out, and of course I’ll need to call before I bring him back,” Bella said, tying back her hair in a bun. “You’ll be here?” 

“I will!” 

“Then I’ll call you and ask if everyone’s okay and if the coast is clear.” 

“Of course. We don’t want to scare him off.” 

“I have a sense he’s unshockable. But I’d rather not put that to the test our first time.” 

“Right. I didn’t mean what I said about envy earlier. I really hope it works out for you.” 

“Well, once you meet him—then you’ll be allowed to be envious! I’m quite the lucky girl… or at least I hope I get that way tonight.” 

“Oh, no. He’s the lucky one,” Zephyr said, emphatically. 

Zephyr really was a good person, Bella thought. So many people assumed people with disabilities just weren’t sexual; others, when they saw a disabled person with a sexual partner, assumed it was motivated by pity, or praised the partner for selflessness, or exclaimed how lucky the disabled person was for finding someone understanding. Zeph hadn’t done any of that, and without prompting, either. 

Grahame hadn’t done any of that, either. She knew he had a little of it in him, since she’d surprised him so much with her dirty jokes—he’d laughed until he’d cried. But then, without prompting, he asked for her hand and held her fingers to his cheek, so she could feel the tears she’d sparked for herself. And then he’d held her hand for a little longer than he’d needed to. He was ever a gentleman. But since then she’d sensed the undercurrent in his words and actions, and of course his dancing. 

Bella always dressed simply. Today it was sensible shoes, a calf-length skirt, and a plain blouse. She ran her hands over what she’d wear that evening, however, and shivered with anticipation. 

She drank down the smoothie Kelly had made—as ever, an extra-large, extra-rich one. She wouldn’t eat until she got home again, so the drink needed to tide her over. Then she took her cane from the umbrella stand by the door and strode out. 

Sunlight met her face. She could tell the difference between light and darkness. Most people could, of course, even with their eyes closed. But when she opened her eyes, she really could see a little more. She could sense some colors, if the light were bright enough, which was why the “traffic light” analogy wasn’t totally lost on her. But mostly she enjoyed the sensation of light striking her face. Then she put on her dark glasses (elegant, not blocky), shook out her cane, and walked off to campus. 

She had a map of campus in her head, measured in steps and turns. Her stride wasn’t always exactly the same each day, but she could get close enough, and then follow the sounds of voices or footsteps or traffic through the doors. It helped that many of the buildings had doors with distinct sounds; she could figure out which building she was entering from the sound of the hinges and the door closing behind her. 

Bella’s studies were mostly in the foreign language department. She was fortunate that her mother had known some French and taught her, which made learning languages in school a little easier—and learning languages got much easier as it went. With Bella’s ear for subtlety, she’d even been able to pick up Mandarin with comparative ease. Now she was learning other Asian languages and honing her prior skills. Interpreters could make excellent money, after all, and she was getting quite good at just that. 

Two hours of Intermediate Vietnamese was followed by an hour of Hindi. Then it was lunchtime. Rather than going to the cafeteria or one of the cafes, she sat in the sun, sipping juice, and listened to podcasts on various subjects in Mandarin. Then she washed down the juice with some water, and it was over to the social sciences building for a class on Southeast Asian history—helping her pick up on the nuances and references—and lastly back over to the language department for a two-hour intensive tutoring session with her Chinese TA. 

Not once did she stumble on the way; not once did she need to ask for help or directions. She had such a routine down that she didn’t even notice those accomplishments any more. And not once did she stop to visit the restrooms. In fact, she didn’t even know where the restrooms in the social sciences building were. She’d found the ones near the foreign language department largely by accident—and she’d never used them. 

Home, now: home for a light bite and a quick drink, and then to get dressed up for the evening. She’d long ago given a lot of control over her wardrobe and her beauty routines to her sisters. Tonight she didn’t need a lot of help: she had picked out what she wanted days before. She stripped off her clothes and stood naked again, once again feeling herself up. Her breasts were ready—big and round and still quite firm. She put on a black lace bra that did marvels for her cleavage. Her bladder was ready, too: she could feel the faintest bulge. Her pelvic muscles were nowhere near their edge yet, however. Once again she felt for her clit—but took her hand away quickly. If she started that she might not stop, and she wanted Grahame there, not just her fingers. She put on a pair of black panties, not quite a thong but quite form-fitting and nearly invisible under the dress. Ah, the dress. A classic: short and low-cut and black. Grahame hadn’t seen it before—it wasn’t perfect for dancing. But it was totally perfect for arresting men’s attention. Wearing this dress, she knew, she could distract men so totally they didn’t even realize she was blind until ten minutes into the conversation, despite the sunglasses and the cane in her hand. 

One thing about the dress—it wasn’t really designed with a full bladder in mind. But that wasn’t even a problem. Bella liked holding it. 

Thigh-high boots to complete the effect… again, not ideal for dancing. She’d have to be careful not to step on Grahame’s toes, or she might ruin the evening by having to call an ambulance rather than ΠΣΣ House. But entirely ideal for what she had in mind. Everything she’d put on, after all, was intended to be taken off… 

No makeup, beyond simple lipstick. She couldn’t really apply it and didn’t really need it: it was actually easier to just take good care of her skin overall and be luminous than it was to fake it. She wore her hair down. Here she did ask Zephyr for a little help, and the new girl eagerly supplied it while gushing over Bella’s outfit: “Holy shit, Bella, you look amazing… I mean, I can barely keep my hands off of you, I can’t imagine how Grahame will be able to.” 

“That’s the idea,” Bella said, chuckling. 

Back to campus for the dance. There were other, better places to go dancing—but many of them were further away, and would need rides or the bus. Bella didn’t trust ride-sharing and wasn’t about to get on the bus dressed as she was. Besides, the on-campus dancing was just fine. That’s where she’d met Grahame, after all. 

The dancing they did was strictly ballroom, but of course that covered quite a range. Bella had never had much trouble with dancing. It took her a little time to learn the steps by feel, of course, and not every teacher was perfectly patient; but once she had the basics down, she had no trouble keeping up, and went out at least twice a week, and so had a great deal of practice. The one concession to her disability was that she never danced lead—she relied on her partners to see the room around them and steer her safe. Not all of them did, and she rarely danced with them again. Gray had never once so much as grazed her toes by accident, and certainly never let anyone bump into her. 

But Grahame wasn’t there for the first two dances, and so she warmed up with other accustomed partners, then sat one out to take a drink. Her bladder protested—but feebly. She’d long ago beaten her bladder into submission. Ever since an embarrassing incident in grade school, where she’d lost track of her steps and went into the wrong restroom, or the times she’ needed to fumble for things that should have been there but were in odd places, she’d developed a strong aversion to toilets not her own. Which meant she’d developed her capacity to hold it through thick and thin. 

Grahame walked in. She knew his step instantly, and she turned toward the door. 

“Bella,” he said, walking over—and then he’d coughed a little. A note of triumph rang in her head. That would be the dress and the bra taking their toll on him. 

“You look—” he coughed again “—well, breathtaking seems to be the word…” 

She laughed quietly. “Good,” she said. 

“May I have the honor of this dance?” he asked. 

“Why settle for just this one, when you could have them all?” 

“A man like me can’t afford to get so greedy,” Grahame said. 

Grahame: 

He was a grad student in a rather dry and stuffy field—but he was never either. It was a fairly non-lucrative field, too, and his job prospects were largely limited to teaching other grad students what he’d just learned. But he had a little money from his parents and he always dressed well. Still, his pure Ivory Tower nature gave him plenty of fodder for self-effacement. 

He was a bigger man. “Big-boned,” they might say. He’d be stout someday, maybe even fat, but so far student poverty had kept him simply sturdy. He had a beard which some said was untidy and his hairline was receding rapidly. To Bella, these were all selling points. She loved his varied textures. He was light on his feet, too, lighter than his size implied, and he was a gentle and generous and skilled dance partner. She felt altogether safe in his arms. She hoped—trusted—that all this translated to the bedroom, one for one. 

She took another drink after the next two dances. She was a little thirsty, but mostly it was for the fun of it: she enjoyed teasing her browbeaten bladder, but that wasn’t all. Oh, no. 

After the first hour of the dance, her need had grown significantly. After all, it had been more than ten hours since last she’d peed—nearly eleven, really—and she’d had the extra-large smoothie, some water in the morning, juice at lunch, water to wash it down, quite a bit more water during her tutorial session (all that talking!), some more at dinner, and now still more during the dance. She guessed that anyone outside of ΠΣΣ House would be bursting by now. But she’d held more, and for far longer. Eleven hours was nothing to someone who could, consistently if not constantly, hold for twenty-four. 

If she kept drinking like this, she wouldn’t be able to hold for that long. But she had other plans for tonight. She didn’t need to hold for twenty-four hours: she just needed to be able to hold it until she had Grahame between her legs. 

Grahame begged off one or two dances that night, but generally he stayed with her. They veered from small talk into real talk, discussing their studies, and from there into friendly silence. Bella felt his breath on her cheeks—and, occasionally, on her cleavage. She smiled inwardly, knowing that in those moments he had to be looking down. As the evening wound down, she pushed her advantage, subtly. She made sure her breasts were routinely brushing his chest. She didn’t simply rest her hand on his back, but gently caressed his spine with her forefinger. And in the last, slow, languorous dance, as the music softly played, she rested her head on his shoulder… which meant most of her body was pressed against his. 

She could feel him stirring. Perfect, just what she wanted. She tried to get a sense of his erection. Was he big and girthy, like the rest of him? Or uncharacteristically long and slim? Well, she’d know soon enough. 

Her bladder throbbed from the pressure of his body. She sternly told it to behave, and then ignored it. 

“Thank you for the dance, Miss Bella,” Gray said as the music faded away. 

“My pleasure,” she replied. 

“You mentioned something after…?” 

“Oh, I just wondered if you’d care for a walk in the evening air? I’m just going home, but if you’d care to come with…” He’d walked her home before. The last two times, she’d kissed him goodnight. 

“Love to! Just let me stop by the restroom for a moment…” 

“Oh, of course.” 

She waited, imagining. Would he use the urinal or a toilet? She had really no idea what a urinal was like, so she imagined a toilet. She wasn’t sure about the logistics of peeing while standing up, but she shaped the sensations in her mind. He’d certainly have his penis in his hand. Well, she’d held penises just that way: no trouble imagining that. She imagined him having a little trouble with being hard. Then the sound of pee hitting the bowl—she’d heard a previous boyfriend peeing once. And the blessed feeling of relief… 

Her own bladder howled mournfully with protest, and tried to break free. Goodness, she hadn’t had to cross her legs after just twelve hours in quite a while! But she had admittedly filled up a little bit extra today, in anticipation. So she supposed she must make allowances. She left off her daydreaming. No need to torture the poor organ. Instead, she dialed Zephyr. 

“I’m definitely bringing Grahame home,” she told her housemate. 

“Oh, good,” Zephyr said. “The coast is clear. Everyone’s out or studying, and everyone’s fine with him coming by.” 

“Thank you! I was going to ask you to check.” 

“If you need anything, just yell!” 

“I will!” She quickly hung up. Grahame had returned, his footsteps clear as he crossed the floor. “Shall we?” he asked. 

“We shall.” 

He took her arm in his and led her out. 

“Straight home?” 

“That’s the way I know.” 

“Well, we could do a little exploring.” 

“That would be nice. I’m in no rush.” Her bladder moaned again. She shushed it. 

The longer walk was a little lost on her, since she had no idea what she was passing. Quiet residential streets, by the sounds and smells: not many cars, the scent of freshly-cut grass, the occasional ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-HISSSSS of a sprinkler. (That was pleasant/unpleasant. Her bladder trembled at the sound; the rest of her loved it.) But it was fine, very fine, to be hanging on Gray’s arm and chatting with him pleasantly. 

Finally they turned off the sidewalk and suddenly she was back on familiar ground. They were coming up the walk of ΠΣΣ House. 

“Now,” Bella said, laying her free hand on his guiding arm. “Would you like to come in for a minute or two?” Or an hour or three? “Have a drink, perhaps?” 

“I’d be delighted,” he said. 

She let them in. Zephyr jumped up and said hello, apologizing for the disarray in the house, apologizing for being so under-dressed. 

“Nonsense,” Gray said, and a moment later, “Charmed, just charmed” after Bella introduced the two of them. Zephyr cheerfully helped with the drinks—a shot of “something strong” for Gray, a small glass of Cointreau for Bella—and chattered pleasantly as Bella stood, leaning against both the countertop and Gray, sipping the liquid and feeling her bladder writhing in protest. She had to shift her position now and again. The extra fluids were making themselves felt. But she turned it all into small gestures of brushing up against her man. 

Her man. That was a lovely phrase. 

It wouldn’t do to linger too long. After a polite few minutes, and after the drinks were drained, Bella leaned close to Gray and said softly, “Care to come up to my room?” 

“Dying to,” he said, equally softly. 

She laughed, then. A sultry laugh. A promising laugh. She felt his breath quicken. 

She led him upstairs—not missing a step—and down the hall to her room. To her room, and inside, and then the door was closed behind him. 

“Um. Lights?” he asked. 

“Oh, sorry! I generally don’t use them… here we go. I’m sorry the décor isn’t much,” she added. 

“It’s entirely fine—as long as you’re here,” he said, and kissed her. 

This was not a tasteful goodnight kiss, like their first time. Nor was it a nervous-but-eager makeout like their second time. This was passionate. She draped her arms around his neck and pressed herself to him. No more polite subtlety now. 

“Bella…” he gasped, when the kiss broke. 

“Mm?” 

“Forgive me, but I must say—you are absolutely… absolutely…” 

“Beautiful? Sexy?” 

“Entrancing,” he said. 

“You haven’t seen anything yet, sweet man.” 

“Oh. Oh, my. Um. Are we…?” 

She laughed and kissed him again and then said, “So, Gray. I want you. I want you quite badly.” More badly than I want to pee, and by now that’s saying something. “Is that all right?” 

“Oh yes. Better. I mean, better than all right.” 

She unzipped her boots, knowing he’d be watching, then pushed his jacket off and hung it up for him, showing him that she could navigate her room without any help. But somehow she was conscious that his presence altered the room considerably. It felt crowded now. Filled up, somehow. Well, that was all to the good. She wanted to be filled. 

She turned back to him. This was the part she was a little nervous about. She had no idea how to do a proper striptease. But her sisters had all said that the proper approach for her was just to let her body speak for itself. She unzipped her dress partway and pushed the straps off her shoulders. The dress fell to her waist. 

He caught his breath, and she laughed again. “Pretty impressive, huh?” 

“You have no idea.” 

“Mmm, I think I do.” 

She finished unzipping the dress and let it fall to a puddle at her feet. This released a little pressure on her bladder, but that was such a minor factor in her need now that she barely noticed. She stepped out and picked up the puddle with her toes and put it in the laundry hamper, making sure he had a good look at her butt in her small black panties. She turned back to face him and draped her arms around his neck again, letting him get a good look at her barely-clad body. His breathing stayed elevated, so it was probably working. She kissed him and let her body press against his. 

Then it was a matter of getting his clothes off. She undid his buttons when he couldn’t make his fingers work—all the way down to the buttons of his trousers. (They were definitely trousers when Grahame was wearing them.) When his pants were off, he sat down abruptly on the bed. 

“I must say, dear lady, that it’s been some time for me,” he said. “But I didn’t come empty-handed. I have a few condoms in my pockets…” 

“In your pants pocket? That’s not safe. We’ll use mine.” 

“You have—? …Of course you have some.” 

“Oh yes,” she said. “You’re not my first. Nor am I yours. But you’re the one I want tonight.” She unfastened her bra and let her breasts fall loose. 

“Oh my.” 

“Aren’t they something?” Bella said. She cradled herself in her hands. Then she climbed onto the bed, and onto him. 

After more kissing and fondling, they got him out of his underwear. It was time for hers to come off, too, but she had to focus on that. After all, pulling her panties down had a certain effect on her bladder. She fought back the urge. 

He was hard, very hard. And with all the horniness she’d been putting off all day—all week—she didn’t take long to get ready herself. She straddled his legs and helped him with the condom. He was trembling with excitement, as she could feel through her legs and hands. She was trembling herself, but from excitement and something else combined… 

It was rather difficult getting him in, since she was clamped down so tightly. He was worried, murmuring something about getting her more warmed up. She didn’t want him worried, and she was plenty warm, so she kissed him a lot and stroked him a lot and then carefully guided him in. 

Heaven. 

She could feel her clitoris getting squeezed between his erection and her bladder, all up and down its inner length. There was nothing like it, nothing at all, and as he thrust through the tight grip of her muscles she cried out, uncontrollably. 

A few moments later there was a pounding at the door. “Bella? Are you okay? Is this a red light?” 

Zephyr, being a good housemate. Bella chuckled. “No, we’re all green in here! Thank you!” 

“Oh, I’m so sorry!” 

“You’re fine. I’m fine. Go away!” 

Still laughing ruefully, Bella turned back to Gray—who was now completely limp. 

“Ah, umm… I’m sorry, it’s just… I hadn’t counted on an audience…” 

“We don’t have one,” she said. “My sisters look after me, that’s all, and I’m grateful to them.” 

“As am I. But… uh… I seem to be a little self-conscious…” 

Dang it! She wanted that penis so bad, that big thick erection that felt so incredible on her inner clit… and she wanted to pee, too, almost as badly… She snarled inwardly at her bladder and forced it to settle down. Then she set to work on Gray. 

It took a long time for him to get over that shock to his system. At first he was anxious, then all too determined, and neither one was good for erections. After getting nowhere with masturbation, she got up and turned off the light. Then she got them both under the covers and let him rest his head on her boobs, running her fingers through his hair, willing him to relax. Finally he unwound a bit… and the magic of her breasts went to work. He started playing with them, and started stirring down below. She climbed on top of him again and used her cleavage to stroke him. She was so full, he had to be as hard as possible—otherwise she’d never get him in. 

Her bladder was back to screaming. It wasn’t that she was at full capacity, though she was more full than usual for this time of night after having a morning pee. No, the problem was all the ups and downs. Getting her panties off. The failed attempt at sex. The long delay in bed while naked. She was craving cock and she was desperate to piss, aching for pressure and aching for release… 

She bit her lip, bore down, and fought her desperation back under control. It seemed to take forever, getting a new condom on, getting him lubed up again, but she stuck with it. She didn’t want to stress him out and lose him again, or she really might lose control before she got off. 

Finally—finally!—he was ready. Finally, she could get him back inside her. Finally, she could ride him to her heart’s content… 

Slowly, now. Her bladder was on beyond screaming, now—it was all howl. But her clit was reveling in the double pressure. Such an exquisite balance between pressure and pleasure and pain. And time, couldn’t forget time. She rode him slowly to stretch the moment out, every last agonizing second she could steal… She was so close. So close. So close so close so CLOSE 

Then she was coming, thundering, quivering, rippling. The orgasm went through her like a wave. She had just enough presence of mind to grip all the tighter with her inner muscles to stop her bladder from seizing on her distraction and making a break for it. That extra tightness seemed to set Gray off, in turn… 

He kissed her tenderly, caressed her gently. He clearly wanted to cuddle and savor the afterglow, and she wanted that too—but she no longer had any time left. 

“I’m sorry, dearest, but I’ve got to pee,” she said, and tore out of bed without waiting for his reaction. She nearly tripped over the unfamiliar clothes on the floor and felt a worrisome spurt, and then flung herself through the door and across the hall and into the bathroom and then she was peeing. It was just a tiny leak, triggered by her proximity to the toilet, but it was running down her leg now and that tickling sensation was urging the rest of her pee to follow after… she made the toilet just in time. 

As she peed, she moaned again. She didn’t know if she was having a second orgasm or not. The technical details didn’t matter. It felt exquisite. 

The bathroom light flicked on. 

“Apologies if I’m being forward,” Gray said, “but I did need to use the toilet myself. And I brought you a bathrobe, since you seem to have left without one.” 

She laughed, to set him at ease. She stood up and reached for him, and met his hand holding the robe. She pulled him close. “Thank you,” she said. 

“My goodness.” 

“What?” 

“You were holding quite a lot!” 

“How can you… oh, my belly!” She ran a hand over it. 

“Rather more flat now.” 

“I do tend to put off using the bathroom,” she said. 

“Was that why you were so…?” 

“That’s why it was so good for me, yes. And maybe for you, too.” 

“It’s a curious technique—but with excellent results…” 

And then she knew she had him. 

Later, after they did the afterglow properly, and talked a while, Gray got dressed and headed home. Bella, clad in her robe, saw him to the door and kissed him goodnight. 

“All well?” Zephyr asked. 

“All well,” Bella said. “Oh, and could you do me a favor?” 

“Sure!” 

“Add your green light next to my name, would you? Thank you for looking after me so well today.” 

*026*2019-10-16 04:13

Just one more: Sophie, the quiet/shy one. (That story will be the end of "season 1".) 

*028*2020-02-02 03:39

Okay, this took a really long time -- and frankly it's not even done yet. But three and a half months is a long time to keep my fans waiting. 

To be honest, folks, it's been a real rough time this winter. Work, politics, and my (lack of a) love life all getting me down. So I have not given this nearly enough attention. But I'm trying to do more writing (it helps with my bleak moods). Not to get anyone's hopes up, but I even did a little with some old familiar characters... we'll see what happens there. 

I'll try to finish this in the coming weeks, and then on to season 2! 

###

Sophie’s Story 

Zephyr stared at the whiteboard: 

Zephyr?

Kelly: green light

Ashley: green light

Amanda: green light

Kari: green light

Bella: green light

Sophie: 

It hadn’t changed in over a week. 

Things had slowed down after she’d played with Kari. Bella’s green light was the closest Zephyr had gotten to playing with anyone all month. Everyone seemed to be waiting on Sophie. And Sophie… well, what was she waiting for? 

Zephyr groaned and took the problem to Amanda. 

“Oh, she’s just so quiet,” Mandy said, “but once she opens up, she’ll open up a lot.” 

“How can I get her to open up?” 

“Try getting her alone.” 

“Can I just ask?” 

“Worth a try!” 

So Zephyr went up to Sophie after dinner one night and said, “Can we talk?” 

“Um. Now?” 

“Sure! Or whenever works for you.” 

“Uh, okay. Maybe not tonight, but soon, for sure.” 

Two nights later: “Can we have that talk now?” 

“I guess.” 

Alone in the bunkroom, they sat down on their respective bunks and looked at each other. 

“How can I get your green light?” Zephyr asked. 

“Um.” Sophie dropped her eyes. “Well, we should play together, I guess.” 

“Awesome. Can we play tonight?” 

“Oh, not tonight…” 

“I’m sorry. Am I being too pushy?” 

Sophie shook her head. “I just… I don’t like talking about it too much. I’d rather it just happened.” 

“How can you get consent, then?” 

“The old-fashioned way.” 

“Huh?” 

Sophie shot her a look. “Seduction.” 

“How the fuck can I seduce Sophie?” Zephyr asked. 

Mandy chuckled. “Did she tell you that?” 

“Yeah.” 

“She’s doing it again. She wants to make you work for it. She was the same with Bella and Ashley and me.” 

“How’d you do it?” 

“Oh, I could tell you how , but I think Sophie wants to see how you do it.”

Seduction was about timing. The house was empty except for Bella, who had gone upstairs for the night. Admittedly Zephyr had asked Kari to leave, and she’d cheerfully complied. Sophie was probably on her way home. 

Seduction was about atmosphere. The lights in the main room were low. A solitary candle burned on the dining room table. Next to it, in a slender vase, was a single rose. 

Seduction was about giving. With a little advice from Kelly on what to offer, Zephyr had prepared a minor feast. A feast on a college student’s budget, anyway: the wine was Three-Buck Chuck, the bulk of the meal was spaghetti. But the sauce was homemade alfredo that Zephyr had slaved over. 

Seduction was about planning. A full pitcher of water stood next to the bottle of wine. Mandy had cheerfully agreed to leave her room free for the rest of the night, even if it meant crashing on Zephyr’s bed. But the first stop after dinner would still be the bunkroom. 

Zephyr heard Sophie’s key in the door and scrambled to the proper place. 

Seduction was about style. Zeph was wearing a thin white dress—thin nearly to sheerness, and so short and so low-cut it barely covered her. Zephyr positioned herself leaning on a chair back, projecting confidence she mostly felt. She was, quite obviously, not wearing a bra. More boldly, she wasn’t wearing panties, either. 

Sophie blinked at the dimness of the room, and then at the setup. Her eyes flashed—and then she was back to the schoolgirl, blushing beet-red and eyes on the floor. But Zephyr knew the act, now. That flash in the other girl’s eyes had been pure heat. And all the confidence she’d been faking suddenly became real. 

“Hungry?” she asked, nonchalantly. 

Sophie nodded. When she saw the menu her eyes flashed again—and flickered, involuntarily, in the direction of the stairs. Toward Kelly’s room. 

“Nobody’s home but Bella,” Zeph said. “Which means we don’t have to share—except with each other, of course. Care for some wine?” 

As they ate—and as the wine flowed—Sophie gradually began to talk. She expressed delight at the sauce. She appreciated the wine. She asked for more of the wine. But Zephyr was still starting all the lines of conversation, until she asked the question she knew would work: 

“How did you start ΠΣΣ House?”

Flashback. (Pretend everything’s in black and white.) 

Scene: a dorm room. A girl is sitting on her bed, reading a textbook. It’s Sophie. A keen-eyed observer would notice that she’s not just sitting on her bed, but sitting on her heel. She’s wearing a nightgown. 

The door of the dorm opens and in walks Kelly, only swaying a little. She’s dressed for going out: sexy boots and a little black dress. 

“Hey Soph!” 

“Hi! How was the party?” 

“Ah, it was okay. You didn’t miss much.” 

Sophie gives Kelly a look. It’s a shy-but-knowing-and-hopeful look. “And you didn’t find anybody?” 

“Nope,” Kelly says, and hiccups. “’Sokay, though. I wasn’ really looking forward to the Walk of Shame t’mrrow.” She sits down on the bed and starts to take off her boots. “’M a li’l drunk.” 

“Only a little?” Sophie says. She starts to get up, moves to the edge of the bed. 

“Well, maybe more than a li’l.” She gets one boot off and gives up, falling back onto the bed. “A li’l drunk and a lot horny,” she adds, staring at the ceiling. 

Sophie gets up off her bed and comes over to sit on the edge of Kelly’s. Okay, to sit on her heel on the edge. “Sorry to hear that,” she says. She does not sound sorry in the slightest. “Anything I can do to help?” 

Kelly reaches out and touches Sophie’s bare thigh where it peeks out from under the nightdress. “Thought you’d never ask,” she says. 

“You’re pretty drunk, though. I don’t know if you’re really able to give enthusiastic consent right now.” 

Kelly rolls on her side and kisses Sophie’s thigh. Then she pushes herself up on her arms (breasts being shown off to excellent advantage) and kisses Sophie right on the lips. For a long time. After the kiss breaks, Kelly says, “Enthusiastic enough for ya?” 

Sophie smiles. “But that could be just a spur-of-the-moment thing.” 

“I walked,” Kelly said, “past five bathrooms on my way back here. Five. And half a dozen places where I coulda popped a squat. But I’m still holding it all in my li’l bladder. For you.” 

Sophie’s starting to tremble now—with excitement or with something else, it’s not clear. “Not so li’l any more,” she says, gently mocking her friend’s slurring. “You’ve come a long way, hon.” 

“I know! My feet are tired!” Kelly lies back down on the bed. 

“Not what I meant. But I’ll massage them if you want.” 

“Uh. Tha’ sounds nice. But I’m kinda in a hurry for somethin’ else?” 

“Mmmmm,” Sophie says, stretching out her arms. “You need something, hon?” 

“Need you. And then I need to pee.” 

“Well, you’ve been such a good girl. So thoughtful, to bring me a nice full bladder to play with. So I suppose I can’t keep you waiting, now can I? Not much longer, anyway…” 

Sophie bends down to whisper in Kelly’s ear: “I’m full too. I’m glad you texted when you did, or I might not have held it.” 

“You’ve come a long way too,” Kelly says. “When I met you, you were so pee-shy you couldn’t go to the bathroom until everyone else was in bed.” 

“I know. That’s how I got so good at holding, after all. And that’s how I discovered how nice a full bladder can feel. Which is what I taught you.” 

“That was one hell of a night,” Kelly says. 

Sophie lies down next to Kelly, strokes her hair, kisses her forehead, her temple, her cheek. “Yes it was,” she agrees. “You want another night like that right now?” 

“Yes please.” 

Sophie lays a hand on Kelly’s groin. “I need to check something out first,” she whispers. “Mmm, you seem nice and full—but I’d better make sure.” And she pushes down. 

Kelly writhes. Thrashes. Somehow holds on. 

“Ahhhh,” Sophie says. “That will do nicely.” She sits up, reaches into the bedside table, and fetches out something long and firm and sleek. She sets this aside for a moment. 

Then she lies back down next to Kelly and their lips meet. 

###

IMPORTANT NOTE: DRUNKEN "CONSENT", NO MATTER HOW ENTHUSIASTIC, IS NOT CONSENT. 

In other words, Sophie is not being as good a girl as she's making herself out to be. 

Remember that. 

And then sit back and enjoy the story. It's a fantasy, after all. 

*031*2020-02-06 04:39

The story continues... remember, we're in the middle of a flashback, which is why all the narration is in present tense and everything's in black and white. 

###

Gradually the makeouts turn into more. First Kelly starts to hold herself. Once Sophie notices, she starts to hold Kelly instead—and just happens to give a little love to Kelly’s nearby clit. Then the clothes start to come loose. No time for them to come off: Kelly’s dress gets hiked up and her thong gets slipped to the side. Sophie’s nightgown is up around her hips. She’s not wearing anything underneath. 

Eventually Kelly is dripping wet, and not from pee. Sophie slides the dildo into Kelly, who bucks with pleasure. Slowly Sophie slides the toy in and out. Each time Kelly shudders with barely-restrained bliss and piss. Meanwhile Sophie’s other hand is hard at work on her own crotch. She’s not holding herself, although she’s shifting around like crazy. No, her fingers are too busy for that. 

Kelly grabs a pillow and shrieks into it, spasming. A little pee spurts out and lands on Sophie’s bare leg. Sophie doesn’t bat an eye. 

After a moment of panting, Kelly has to sit up and grab herself. She staggers over to the little sink they have in the corner of their room. Sophie follows, still flicking. Kelly backs up to the bowl of the sink and hoists herself up on her arms. A moment later she’s peeing, and her face is a mirror of the look she had just a moment ago. She cries out again, although not so loud this time. 

Sophie comes quietly, but her knees buckle and Kelly has to catch her. 

Next it’s Sophie’s turn to pee… 

“This is a pretty weird little thing you’ve got me doing,” Kelly says afterward, lying naked in bed with Sophie cuddled up against her, “but it’s a hell of a lot of fun.” 

“It’s not as weird as some things I’ve heard of,” Sophie says. “It makes about as much sense as bondage. And it makes a lot more sense than furries or vore.” 

“I haven’t even heard of that last one.” 

“Don’t Google it. Anyway, our thing makes sense. It’s all connected down there, you know.” 

“I do know. The way you’ve got my clit between my bladder and the dildo… whew.” She fans herself. “But honestly, I didn’t meant that at all. I meant I’m not really gay, you know?” 

Sophie tenses up. Since they are touching each other’s bare skin the entire length of their bodies, Kelly can’t help but notice it. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m having a fuckton of fun,” she says. “But I’m only gay for you.” 

“And only when you need to pee,” Sophie adds. 

“Oh, that’s not entirely true…” 

“You never even look at me when I’m changing unless you gotta go. And you never come to my bed unless you’re bursting.” 

Kelly smiles sadly. “I can’t help how I feel, Soph. I like a strong jaw and big pecs. I like playing with cocks and balls.” 

“They don’t make you feel like I do!” 

“I really can’t help it.” Kelly kisses her. “I’m straight, sweetie.” 

Sophie rolls over, turning her back. 

“Hey, now, hon. There’s nothing I can do that. Born this way.” 

“It’s a boring way.” 

“And now I’ve made you mad.” Kelly sits up, sighs, runs her fingers through her hair, and looks down at her roommate. “What can I do to make you feel better, hon?” 

“Nothing.” 

Kelly lays a gentle hand on Sophie’s shoulder. “You know that’s not true. What do you need from me, hon? Other than more sex, because you already ran me out of gas…” 

Sophie rolls onto her back, but doesn’t look Kelly in the eye. “I wish I had a big house full of girls who liked holding. I’d make ‘em wait and wait until they were squirming and then I’d get ‘em all off. And we’d all go in the bathroom and we’d all pee in the bathtub at once.” 

“That does sound like a heck of a lot of fun,” Kelly says. 

“Well, it’s never gonna happen!” 

“Why not?” 

Sophie shoots her a glance, full of wild hope—and then swiftly looks away again before Kelly can really see her reaction. When she speaks, she sounds just as angry. “Because you don’t wanna play!” 

“You,” Kelly says, “are being a brat. Knock it off and answer me properly. Why not?” 

Sophie looks back at her longer this time. 

“If we get enough people, we can get a house easy,” Kelly says. 

“If.” 

“Well, we know what to look for, don’t we? Someone who seems like she’s got to pee a lot, but doesn’t go when you think she would…” 

###

The Present. In full color. 

“And that was the beginning?” Zephyr asked. “Kelly had the idea, and you just ran with it?” 

“Uh-huh.” 

“Recruiting must have been tricky. You can’t just go up to someone and say, ‘So, do you get off on holding your pee until you explode?’” 

“No, but once we really started looking, we started seeing more and more candidates…” 

###

Flashback again. Let’s say it’s soft focus this time, like it’s set in the 70’s. Or maybe it’s more of an 80’s getting-the-gang-together montage? Whatever. Flashback! 

Kelly sidles up to Kari in the dorm bathroom… 

Kelly talking to Ashley in line for the bathroom at a party… 

Kelly talking to Amanda at a meeting of the campus sex-positive club… 

Kelly and Ashley making out in the line for the bathroom… 

Amanda introducing Kelly to Bella… 

Kelly and Ashley and Sophie pulling at each other’s clothes and collapsing into bed…  

And, finally, Kelly catching up Zephyr after a long lecture as Zeph is making tracks for the nearest restroom… 

The camera tracks around, and we see Sophie watching Kelly and Zeph. Has been watching for a while, actually. Maybe the whole time. Maybe the whole montage… 

###

The Present, with that fade-in effect so that Sophie’s in the exact position she was in during the flashback. 
“Okay. Kari first. How did you spot her?” 

“I heard her, actually. I wasn’t so pee-shy anymore, but I still preferred peeing alone, which usually meant waiting until late. One night I was finishing up in a stall when someone came barging in, slamming doors, breathing hard, and then peeing an incredible amount. It was Kari. I didn’t say anything then. Kelly did all the talking.” 

“Seems a little odd you recruited the asexual first.” 

“Just luck.” 

“And Kelly spotted Ashley in a bathroom line?” 

“I’d had my eye on her. Kelly found Amanda, though, and Amanda found Bella.” 

“And then Kelly saw me that one time in class.” 

“Mmmhmm. She did.” 

“How’d you get the house? This isn’t college-owned, right?” 

Sophie’s face got a little distant. “Right,” she said. “My family and I have an awkward relationship. My father… he’s not a nice man. Manipulative. Plays people against each other. But I know too many of his secrets. He bought this house—to keep me quiet. We rent from him. He asks no questions so I don’t talk.” 

“Whoa.” Zephyr shook her head. “That’s… that’s a lot heavier than I thought that story would be.” 

“We don’t talk about it much, and I’d like to keep it that way,” Sophie said. “Not everyone knows.” 

“I can keep a secret.” 

“Good.” 

“Well, no matter how you got here, this is a pretty amazing group you and Kelly built.” 

“Mostly Kelly. She had the idea.” 

“Sounds like you helped.” 

“Here and there.” 

“Still—I’m grateful.” 

“You’re welcome.” 

“And… well…” 

Sophie waited, a single eyebrow raised. 

“All that talk… I’m pretty turned on right now.” 

“Oh?” Sophie said, eyes bright. 

“And we just drank an entire bottle of wine, and most of a pitcher of water, and we haven’t broken the seal yet…” Zephyr leaned closer. 

“Mmmm?” 

“May I express my appreciation for your work on ΠΣΣ House? Non-verbally?” 

“Please do.” 

Their lips met. 

###

Didn't plan on ending two updates in a row with a kiss! I promise the next installment will end in a piss... or two... 

And after that, it'll be the season finale! But we're only on Season 1. Lots more ideas where this came from. 

*034*2020-02-09 07:44

SO much sex in the next one, folks... but if you didn't know that about my stories by now, what have you been reading? 

###

Sophie, it turned out, was a hungry kisser. She grabbed Zephyr by the dress and dragged her close. Zephyr nearly passed out before she could break free. The panting and the racing heart, however, just fired her up all the more. “Wow,” she said, between gasps. 

“Sorry, not sorry,” Sophie whispered in her ear. “I’ve waited so long…” 

“Huh?” 

“I’ve wanted to do that since the day you moved in.” 

“Whoa. You played it kinda cool.” 

“Seduction, beautiful. Seduction.” Sophie kissed her again. Again it felt like she was taking Zephyr by storm. 

“Take me somewhere,” Sophie demanded, again with the whisper in the ear. “Take me somewhere and make me scream.” 

“Uh, should we maybe clean up first…?” 

“Later,” Sophie said. She took Zephyr’s face between her hands and kissed her a third time. This time the kiss didn’t break, it moved: Sophie bent to plant a long smoldering smooch on Zephyr’s neck. As she did so, she slid the strap of Zephyr’s dress down and off Zeph’s shoulder. 

It had been a long time since Mandy had gotten out a vibe for Zephyr. It had been longer since Kelly had welcomed her to the house. And before that—well, it had been a bit of a dry spell. Sophie’s sudden raw hunger for her was more intoxicating than the wine. She could feel herself getting wet already. Her pulse wasn’t so much pounding as thrumming. 

“So Mandy said we can use her room…” she managed to say. 

“Good,” Sophie said, still kissing—and pushing the other strap down as well. In a second or two she was going to strip Zephyr naked right there at the dinner table. 

“I thought I was supposed to be seducing you,” Zeph gasped. 

“You did,” Sophie said. “Now I’m tired of waiting.” She stood up, held out a hand. Zephyr shrugged back into one of the straps and took Sophie’s hand. 

Sophie dragged her toward the steps. Zeph barely had time to blow out the candles. As they charged up the staircase, Z’s eye fell on the word “Consent” in the Code. 

“Uh, Sophie?” she said. 

“What’s up, gorgeous?” 

“Can we talk about this?” 

“Sure. I’ll give you your green light if you make me cum.” 

“Uh—yeah. But how do you want to do it…?” 

They were at the door to Mandy’s room by now. 

“I want that sweet tongue of yours on my clit, that’s how,” Sophie said. “But for a warm-up, let’s make out until we’re about to piss ourselves.” 

This was the shy, mousy girl? It was true what they said about the quiet ones! 

“Oh, and I want that dress off you,” Sophie said, as the door shut behind them, “but not because you don’t look good. Just the opposite, really. Let me look at you a minute.” 

Zephyr obligingly struck a pose. 

“Now let that strap fall.” 

The dress slid to Zeph’s hips—and because she barely had hips, that only hung it up for a moment. The moment after, she was standing naked in a puddle of white, still posing. 

“Fuck yeah,” Sophie said. She stripped off her shirt and bra in what had to be record time, and then flung her arms around Zeph for another one of those anti-oxygen kisses. 

This was all moving so fast. But clearly they both wanted it. Zephyr let herself be pulled down to the bed. Sophie’s hands were already all over her body. She replied in kind. 

After a few minutes of sustained making out and fondling, Zephyr broke the kiss again. “At this rate,” she gasped, “I don’t know if I can wait to get desperate.” 

“Oh, am I moving too fast?” Sophie said. “Well, I can definitely slow down a bit.” 

“Not sure I want you to slow down.” 

“But I do. I wanna see you squirm.” 

The arousal may have slowed Zeph’s sense of her bladder. Certatinly Sophie’s mouth was making her lose all track of time. But eventually all the water and all the wine caught up. 

“Oh shit,” she whispered. 

“Hmm?” 

“It all just hit me.” 

“About time. I’ve been feeling it since we came upstairs.” 

“Ooof. I really really gotta pee!” 

“Good,” Sophie said. “I gotta go too. Bad. And you’ve got one job: make me cum before I piss in Mandy’s bed.” 

“I’m—on—the clock—too,” Zephyr said, kissing her way down Sophie’s belly and hip. 

“Work fast…” 

Zeph set her tongue went to work between Sophie’s legs—and slipped a hand between her own. She was going to need it. 

Sophie was wild. She moaned. She thrashed. Her hands tore at the sheets so hard Zeph was afraid she’d rip them. She bucked her hips. She wrapped her legs around Zephyr’s neck and didn’t let go. Shudders ran through her, from arousal or desperation Z couldn’t tell—probably both. Then it was more than shudders: Sophie’s body was at a roiling boil. And, as she’d asked for, she screamed. 

She didn’t let go, either. 

“Keep going,” she demanded, panting. “Keep going. I’m gonna… I can…” 

And it took another minute or two, but she was right. 

Finally she slapped Zephyr’s head and begged, “Stop, stop, stop.” Zeph came up for air at last. 

“Holy fucking shit,” Sophie said. “I needed that.” 

“Sounds like.” 

“And now I need something else, too.” 

“Want me to grab a jar?” 

“Nah. We’ll use a mat.” 

“It’s gonna get soaked…” 

“Don’t care, that’s why we’ve got extras. I just love letting go totally freely, not paying any mind to where I’m pissing. Here, kneel down with me.” 

“I don’t know if I’ve ever peed while I was kneeling…” 

“Oh, your legs are gonna get drenched. Don’t worry, we’ll shower. But first, I wanna watch you hold it a bit longer. You’re so cute when you wriggle.” 

Zephyr, who had been holding her crotch the entire time, had no choice but to oblige. 

Sophie let out a huge sigh and then let go. Zephyr took her hand away and was about to do the same, but Sophie put her own hand there and gripped hard, shaking her head. “Wait and watch,” she said, still in full flood. The backs of her legs and her inner thighs were spattered with droplets. 

Only after her stream had dwindled to nothing did Sophie finally say, “Okay, you can let go.” 

Zephyr tried. She really tried. 

Sophie leaned forward and kissed her. “It’s okay. I was pee-shy myself once, remember? It takes time. Would it help if I looked the other way?” 

“Not enough, it wouldn’t…” 

“Then I’ll just step outside. You pee right into that mat, though, I want you as drenched as I am. Bring it out when you’re done.” 

With Sophie gone and the door closed, Zephyr finally could unclench. The quiet, wild girl had been right: the spatter was intense. It felt like her legs were getting a shower. And the mat was soaked. But she felt much better—aside from the unreleased arousal. 

“All done?” Sophie called from outside. 

“Yeah,” Zephyr said over her shoulder. 

“So you are—and don’t you look sexy as hell like that? You have such a cute butt. Need a hand up?” 

“Um. If we’re being really open…” 

“And since we just had sex, we are…” 

“Well, that’s just it, y’know?” 

Sophie laughed. “Oh, did I get you all hot and bothered and then forget to get you off? Here, let’s take a shower and I’ll fix that.” 

“Huh?” 

“Oh come on. That’s why we’ve got the detachable showerhead, honey…” 

A few minutes later, Zephyr’s eyes were closed and her hands were pressed flat against the shower wall as Sophie, kneeling beside her, played the stream of hot water over her clit. 

“It’s like peeing in reverse,” Zephyr gasped. 

Sophie laughed. “I never thought of it that way!” She kissed Zephyr’s hip. “Now, you sexy thing… cum for me.” 

As she’d been doing all night, Zephyr quickly did what she was told. 

###

Season finale soon! I just need to write it... 

*037*2020-02-13 04:04

Running a little slow on getting this finished because I accidentally sliced up a finger and I can't type that well with the bandages. 

*038*2020-02-23 08:28

Ladies, gentlemen, and everyone else -- Season 1 Finale. BOOM. 

###

The next day…

“Par-tayyyy!” Ashley screamed. She’d just seen Sophie’s green light next to Zephyr’s name. 

“Fuck yeah!” Kelly said. “We’re clearing the table tonight, girls.” 

“I’ll get the booze!” 

“No need, I’ve been saving some just for this!” 

“I’ve got the soda.” 

“You mean the pop?” 

Through all the hubbub Zepyhr stared at the green lights down the line. She felt excited. She felt proud. A little turned on. And a little apprehensive. 

Take Ashley, for instance. She’d been sending all kinds of signals—and yet she’d held back until the last green lights came in. And Zephyr was aching for Ashley’s touch at last. But now Zeph was also burning for Sophie, too. It might be a problem. 

It’s a fucking fantastic problem to have, though! 

“What does ‘clearing the table’ mean?” she asked Kelly. 

“We set out cans and bottles of soda and alcohol on the table. We start drinking. And the bathroom is closed until we’ve swallowed every last drop.” 

“Can I pee someplace else?” 

“Good question. Ordinarily, Clearing the Table is just designed to set up playing, especially group playing, and you can do what you want. But tonight, since it’s a special occasion with a new member of the sorority being pledged, no you may not pee elsewhere. The first piss as a ΠΣΣ House Sister is… important.” 

“Uh, could you make that slightly more vague?” 

“Well, I can’t make it more clear because it’s going to be a surprise.” 

“Oh, all right.” 

That had been in the morning. Now it was suppertime. There was food, yes, but Ashley and Kelly and Mandy had brought out quite an astonishing array of cans and bottles. A full twelve-pack of LaCroix, for instance. A half-full bottle of half-decent rum. A quarter-full bottle of peach schnapps. Ginger ale, in bottles. Coke, in cans. 

“We’re going to drink all of that?” 

“Every last drop,” Kelly said. “And then we’ll pee it all out. Rivers and rivers. A toast!” she said to her sisters at the table. “Let’s raise a glass to our newest sister. Our newest, dead-sexy sister.” Some of the rum went into shot glasses. Schnapps went into a few other glasses. 

“A toast!” Sophie cried out, and knocked back her rum like a champion. The others followed suit. 

A moment later the door opened and Bella walked in, a little later than usual. Oddly, she seemed a trifle flushed. “Hi!” she said, putting down her bag. “Are we all here?” 

“Yes, and we’re clearing the table,” Kelly explained. 

“Oh gosh, I don’t know if I can manage that,” Bella said. “It’s been 22 hours for me, gang.” 

“But this is to honor Zephyr joining ΠΣΣ House formally. She got Sophie’s nod last night.” 

“Well—I can try!” 

“As the newest pledge,” Kelly said, handing Zephyr a can, “tradition states that you chug this.” 

And with that, they were off. 

Do the math: twelve cans to a pack. 12 ounces to a can. And Zephyr ended up with four of them, of various types. Plus a Dark and Stormy (rum and ginger ale), about the same size, that was a little heavy on the rum. Plus a glass of water “to keep you hydrated after that” (followed by gales of laughter). Nor had Zephyr been entirely empty before the table was laid. So as the evening went on, Zephyr drank 72 ounces of liquids—at least. Because after the girls had made a dent in the main supply, then there was the true “cleaning up”, and somehow quite a lot of it went to Zeph. The human body can only absorb about 8 ounces at a time. So it was only about fifteen minutes in before Zeph began to feel twinges in her bladder. After forty-five minutes she was definitely needing to pee. 

Ashley was drinking plenty too. She wasn’t quite matching Zeph drink for drink, but she had a can of Coke, a can of LaCroix, a Dark and Stormy of her own, and some schnapps. She was wriggling a bit, from excitement or pee, Z couldn’t tell. 

Bella was trying to make it to 24 hours, and so she was pacing herself a bit. But the statuesque girl was clearly a little anxious. Although her facial expressions were always a little hard to read, since she’d never been able to watch them in others, her body language was unmistakable. So was her body: her “third boob” was very clear at this point under her simple skirt. 

Kelly and Kari and Amanda were all doing their best, but Sophie was putting away quite a lot. 

At the hour mark, Zephyr announced, “Okay, everybody, I really need to pee.” 

“That calls for another drink!” And somehow Zeph found herself chugging another can. 

About ten minutes later, Zeph said, “Oh, it’s all hitting me at once…” 

“I doubt it,” Kelly said smugly. “That’s just the first wave.” 

“You’re doing great, hon,” Mandy said encouragingly. “You too, Bella.” 

Bella blew out her breath slowly. “I don’t think I’ve ever cleared the table without a morning pee…” 

“I’ve never cleared a table at all!” Zeph said, with a bit of a whimper. 

Ashley and Sophie moved to her side. “You got this, girl,” Ashley said. 

“Mmmhmm,” Sophie added. “Just breathe.” 

“And sit on your heel.” 

With Zephyr now well-supported, Mandy went to help Bella. “This is what you’re so good at, girl,” she whispered to the blind woman. “Nobody here can match you for volume.” 

Ten minutes later, Zeph said, “Oh shit. This is getting bad. When do I get to pee?” 

“Soon,” Kelly said. 

“That’s really really really unhelpful.” 

“Makes it worse, not knowing, doesn’t it?” Sophie said. 

“You’ll make it,” Ashley said, reassuringly. 

“I hope I do,” Bella muttered. Amanda gave her a gentle hug—well above the waist. 

“Do I get to know how I get to pee?” Zephyr said. 

“Can I tell her?” Ashley said. 

“No, no, I want to,” Sophie said. “We’ll all pee together, in the bathtub. It’s a symbol of our unity—all our piss mingling together.” 

“That sounds… really hot.” 

“Worth waiting for.” 

“Do we have to?” 

“Well—yeah. Tradition also says that the new pledge has to be bursting.” 

“I’m bursting, I’m bursting!” 

“Hold it,” Sophie said, firmly and fiercely. Her eyes were glittering with lust. 

“You can do it, hon,” Ashley said. Her leg was bouncing. Zephyr was well beyond the bouncing stage, though: her legs were double-knotted. 

A few minutes later, Zeph made a sudden move toward the sink. Sophie and Ashley caught her by the arms and sat her back down. Sophie kept a tight grip after that; Ashley, in contrast, draped a supportive arm around Z’s shoulders. 

“Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck…” Zeph was cursing, panting. 

“You’ve got this,” Mandy said from where she sat beside Bella. “You won’t pee until you want to.” 

“Or until we want you,” Sophie said, with an unrepentant grin. 

“How much longer?” Bella asked. 

“When did you pee last night?” 

“9:30, right before bed.” 

Mandy glanced at the clock, and then at Zephyr. “That’ll be tough on Zeph,” she said quietly to Kelly. 

“Bella,” Kelly asked, “do you mind peeing earlier, if you added clearing the table on top of almost a full day?” 

“That’s fine by me,” Bella said. “This is definitely the most I’ve pushed myself in months…” 

“Shit!” Zeph squealed. 

“Did you leak?” Sophie asked. 

“Just a bit…” 

“Hold it tighter than that.” 

“I’ll try,” Zephyr gasped. “But I don’t think I’ve got much longer left in me… all those cans, all at once…” 

“The idea really is to get you right on the edge of exploding,” Kelly said. 

“I’m there, I promise!” 

“Well, what does everybody think? Time to go?” Kelly asked. 

“Not yet!” Sophie insisted. 

“I think she’s got a little left in her,” Mandy said. 

“I don’t! Not any more!” Zeph said. “God, it hurts. This really really hurts.” 

“She’ll have to hold it even harder once we’re upstairs,” Ashley said, apparently pointing out some part of the ritual. 

“Good point,” Kelly said. “Well, Zeph, pain is a traditional part of pledging, isn’t it? But let’s start getting ready. Upstairs, everyone!” 

This was a challenge for Bella. It was impossible for Zephyr. Ashley and Mandy, the strong ones, had to carry her upstairs, with some assistance from Sophie. Kari helped Bella, one step at a time. Kelly led the way. 

In the bathroom, after they’d all filed in—Zephyr still supported on one side by Ashley and Sophie on the other—Kelly turned to the group and said, “All right, ladies. No secrets between us.” 

“What does that mean?” Zeph asked. 

“That means we’re gettin’ naked,” Kelly answered. 

"Aw, crap. That's gonna make it even harder to hold!" 

"Got it in one!" 

“Kelly, do I have to strip?” Kari asked. “Can’t I keep my panties on? That’s how I always do it…” 

“Yeah, but the way you always do it, you only go when you can’t hold it. Are you about to piss your pants?” 

“No.” 

“Zephyr’s about to piss hers. And you know how we do it.” 

“Oh, all right.” 

“A little help, please?” Zephyr asked. 

“I got you,” Ashley said. She already had her shirt off. And when she helped Zephyr get hers off, it sent waves of excitement rolling through Zeph’s body. 

Getting Zeph’s pants and panties off was the real challenge. Sophe solved it by simply slipping her hands down the front and pressing hard, while Ashley peeled the pants down Zeph’s legs. At this point Z was nearly helpless, between the desperation and the arousal. Getting stripped down by the two sexiest girls in the house? No wonder she was weak in the knees. 

No. They were all sexy, each in their own way, Zeph thought. She shoved aside the pain, squeezed her inner muscles all the tighter, and took a second to take it all in. 

Kelly had just kicked off her underwear. She was nicely curvy, with nice hips and the beginnings of a pot belly. Her nipples were huge (and hard). But the hottest part of her was the gleeful look in her eyes. 

Kari, thin and flat as a plank, almost hipless. With her short hair she might even pass as a boy—except there was definitely a pussy underneath that red bush. Such a contrast to Kelly. What would making love to Kari be like—if the girl were at all sexual? 

Amanda was next, standing tall and proud in her chocolate rolls. The biggest breasts Zeph had ever seen in person, and hips that could hold up cathedrals. Zeph remembered getting lost in the sea of Mandy’s body. 

Beautiful Bella. So classically gorgeous. Her breasts were amazingly perky, considering their size. Right now, however, they were dangling a bit, because Bella was bent over slightly, one hand near crotch. Zeph had never seen the champion all-day holder in such a bad way. 

Then came Sophie, short and small, dark hair flowing down her shoulders, and flaming lust in her eyes. 

Last was Ashley. Zeph thought she’d never seen the girl so hot: Ashley’s athletic body, perfect breasts small and round, trim and taught muscles quivering with desire. Desire to pee, yes, they were all needing that—but desire for Zephyr, too, Z knew. 

She saw all this in just a few seconds. Then she felt the spurt escape her, and seep out between her double-crossed legs. Everyone heard it. 

“All right, everyone, into the tub!” 

Amanda and Bella sat down side by side, scooting their butts back over the edge. Kelly sat down next to Bella, where the tub walls turned the corner—but facing in, spreading her legs wide. Kari just jumped into the middle and spread her legs. Sophie and Ashley helped Zephyr over to the tub. Sophie positioned herself the same way Kelly had; Zeph and Ash backed their butts up, instead. Sophie snaked an arm around Zeph’s waist; Ashley was still monopolizing Zeph’s shoulders. 

“On three, okay, ladies?” 

“If not before,” Bella murmured. “It’s starting to come out…” 

“Wait!” Zephyr wondered who had yelped, then realized it was her. “What if I can’t pee?” 

“Oh, don’t worry about that,” Sophie said—and quick as a snake, her hand on Zephyr’s hip darted back to Zeph’s bladder and pushed—hard. There was no holding it after that. 

“Now!” Kelly said. 

Seven bladders—all of them big, most of them full, two of them extremely bursting—flew open at once. It sounded like a waterfall. 

“Ahhhhh…” 

“Oh, shit, yes…” 

“That feels so good.” 

“Wow, we’re literally pissing a river, aren’t we?” 

“That’s a wall-to-wall piss, yeah!” 

“Oh holy fuck thank you.” 

“Ahhhhhh!” 

“God yes…” 

Sheer bliss flooded through Zephyr’s whole body. She understood exactly how Kari must feel while wetting (usually felt, anyway; at this point Kari must have been mostly noticing the lake of pee she was now standing in). Even so, it was taking a long time to pee it all out. Her body kept pumping out the endorphins. But she couldn’t help but feel a burning between her legs that had nothing to do with pee—and everything to do with it. Plus everything to do with Sophie and Ashley. Zeph could feel the tension draining out of Ashley’s body. Sophie still seemed tense as a coiled spring. 

The streams started to die away—first one, then another. Finally only Zephyr and Bella were still peeing. And then it was just Bella. But only for a few seconds longer, and then there was just the sound of a few of them breathing heavily. 

“I don’t know about you all,” Kari said into the silence, “but I’m gonna take a shower.” 

“What, you don’t like being covered in our pee?” 

“Congratulations, Zephyr,” Kelly said, standing up and stretching. “Whew. That was fun, but I’m tired.” 

“Me too,” Amanda said. “I’m headed to my room if anyone wants to join me. But before we do: group hug! Zephyr’s one of us now!” 

Zephyr didn’t particularly want to move, especially as Ashley and Sophie were still all over her. But she stood up, on shaky legs—and was swallowed up by a huge hug from all directions. 

“Ooof,” she said, squeezed. As fun as it was to be hugged by six naked girls, she was highly conscious of how sweaty she was. “Thank you, everyone, thank you… but I wanna wash up a bit. Can I get the shower after you, Kari?” 

“I’ll do you one better than that,” Sophie said. 

“Hmm?” 

“I’ll show you.” 

The girls started to filter out. Bella and Mandy went to their rooms. Kelly brushed her teeth. Kari hopped in the shower as she’d said. Which meant that Ashley and Sophie and Zeph were left—still stark naked—standing by the tub. Neither of the other two girls seemed about to move. 

Well, this could get nasty, Zephyr thought. I wish I could have them both. 

Well, maybe I can… 

She was about to open her mouth when she saw how they were acting. When she looked to Ashley, the super-fit girl was looking back at her with a look that could melt chocolate. And when Zeph looked to Sophie, the shorter girl was looking daggers in Ashley’s direction. 

Okay, maybe I can’t. How to navigate this? 

“Hey,” she said to Ash. “I’ll be downstairs in a bit. Wait up for me?” 

“Sure!” Ashley said. She collected her clothes and headed out, sending a longing glance over her shoulder. 

All right. Now to handle the jealous one. “So what did you have in mind?” 

“A nice hot bath,” Sophie said. “Did you know that this tub has jacuzzi jets?” 

“No, I didn’t.” 

“As soon as Kari’s out of the shower.” 

“Somebody say my name?” Kari said, getting out just then and reaching for her towel. 

“Good,” Sophie said, and started running the hot water. 

Then it was just the two of them. Sophie slipped a hair tie over the bathroom doorknob. 

“Um, Sophie? What are you doing?” 

“Just relax,” the girl said. She stood on tiptoe to kiss Zeph’s cheek. “You just worked really hard.” 

“Yeah, I did. In fact I feel like I might not be done yet…” 

Sophie laid a gentle hand over Zeph’s bladder. “I’ll bet you’re not, with everything you drank. Frankly, it’s really typical for us to all have to pee two or three times after clearing the table. And you got most of it.” 

“But you just closed off the bathroom…” 

“They’ll just have to hold it,” Sophie said, running a hand through Zeph’s hair. “Good thing they’re all pretty good at that.” 

“Heh, I guess they are. But what are we doing?” 

“Aftercare,” Sophie said. “After all, you just worked really hard. But you’re not quite finished. Are you? Especially not one way...” Her other hand slid up Zeph’s hip and onto her butt. 

Zeph’s resistance melted. 

A few minutes later she was sitting in the warm bath, leaning back against Sophie’s body, entirely in the quiet girl’s hands. One of those hands was stroking Z’s hair (now up and out of the way of the water) and cheek, or trailing across Z’s breasts or down her belly. The other hand was resting gently on Z’s crotch, running lightly over her clit. The jacuzzi feature was running, sending hot pulses of water against Zeph’s body. Sophie’s legs squeezed gently against her hips. And Sophie was kissing her, sweetly, hair and earlobe and neck and shoulder. Between the kisses, she whispered in Zeph’s ear. 

“Dear god, you’re so sexy… this tight little body… your cute little breasts… I’ve been wet for weeks, just watching you run around with no shirt on… mmm, I felt that shiver… you go right ahead and cum, hot stuff, you earned it… you were holding so much… I was full, but you were incredible… like Niagra Falls… yeah, that’s right, that’s right… mmmhmm… mmmhmm… yeah, there you are…” 

“I don’t want to move,” Zeph whispered, after the shaking had past. 

“No rush,” Sophie said. 

But Ashley’s downstairs waiting for me… 

But Sophie’s right here. And she’s so sexy. And she’s being so sweet… 

Eventually her body pushed for a decision: she really did need to pee again. 

“Sophie?” 

“Mmm?” 

“I was right. I gotta go again.” 

“Just go right here.” 

“I don’t wanna pee in the bath.” 

“It’s fine. It’ll warm us up again.” 

“No! You just got me clean.” 

“Fine. Toilet’s right over there.” 

Zeph got up out of the tub, dripping, and sat down on the toilet. Sophie rolled over and rested her head on her arms, smiling with satisfaction, to watch. 

“I can’t go when you’re watching, you know that.” 

“You did a little while ago, hon.” 

“Yeah, when I was incredibly desperate and you squeezed me!” 

“Worked, didn’t it?” Sophie pointed out. “I knew you might have some trouble getting started, cutie.” 

“Will you please just let me pee?” 

“Fine, fine.” Sophie rolled over again. 

“And cover your ears!” 

“Now you’re just being a silly girl.” But she did. 

Zephyr peed quickly, then dried herself off. 

“Hey now, what’s this? Come on back here, the water’s fine.” 

“I’m getting pretty tired,” Zeph said, truthfully, scooping up her clothes. But more truthfully, she suddenly wanted to be out of there. 

“Oh, all right. But I’m not through with you yet.” And Sophie gave a luxurious stretch that set off her boobs to amazing effect, and almost persuaded Zeph to drop her clothes and climb back in. 

But instead she padded downstairs. Nobody was in the main room, which was fine. Somehow that last conversation had bugged her, however much she’d enjoyed the sex and the attention. She stood outside the Bunkroom door for a moment, thinking about the evening. It had been… hard. Good, but hard. 

The light in the Bunkroom was off. Mindful that Kari and Ashley were probably now in bed, Zeph left the light off, found the laundry hamper by feel, and climbed into her bed. 

As soon as she put her knee up on the bed she knew someone was in bed already. 

“There you are,” Ashley said, sleepily. 

“Sorry I took so long,” Zeph whispered, suddenly guilty. 

“It’s fine. I’m just glad you got here before I passed out.” 

Zephyr pulled the blanket over her and, by necessity, cozied up to Ashley. She realized they were both still naked. 

“I hope you don’t mind me slipping in here,” Ashley whispered. “But I really, really, really want to kiss you right now. I hope that’s okay.” 

In answer, Zephyr kissed her instead. It took a moment to get their lips lined up, and they giggled, and then did it again, properly. 

And again. And again. For a long time. With arms and legs wrapped around each other. 

Finally they had to stop for breath. 

“You are so amazing,” Ashley breathed. “So much fun, and so sweet. And so sexy.” 

“You amaze me,” Zephyr replied, equally quietly. “Holy fuck, you amaze me. Your strength. I want to kiss every one of your muscles. Strength of will, too.” 

“It’s true it has been hard, waiting for you. But now we don’t have to wait any more.” 

“Well… I’m actually really tired.” 

“No problem. We have plenty of time.” 

They kissed themselves to sleep. 

###

End of Season One! Season Two apparently gonna have some DRAMA, y'all. 

And soooooo much desperation and sex. 

Ta ta for now! 
