Charlie555 stories - Page 3

Author: wether

*000*2025-05-20 04:03

I like situations where a girl who is needing to wee don’t get a chance to go before she gets in a bus, or in a train without a toilet.

That she is trapped with her full bladder and a strong urge to pee for a long time is turning on very much.

*001*2025-05-21 03:04

This story contains desperation, peeing and masturbation

November 2010

In the Attic

I work as an IT guy, so colleagues occasionally ask me to fix their home computers. Recently, Aneta, who works at our company’s reception, made such a request. She’s a pleasant, attractive woman in her thirties with a charming smile, and single to boot—what more could you want?!

We went to her place straight from work. She made coffee, and I got to work on her computer. The thing was practically ready for the scrapyard, and now it was just about reviving a crashed system to save her data. Everything on that poor machine took forever, and between the countless restarts, we had time to chat casually. From subtle hints, I sensed that the reward for the repair could be worth it.

As I was wrapping up my repair mission, I asked her for the original computer CDs to install some drivers, which would’ve been a hassle to find online. After searching through her desk drawers, she told me she’d have to check the attic. She invited me to come along and help pick out the right ones.

The house had a large attic with storage compartments for each tenant. Dim light, creaking wooden floors, countless cobwebs, and years of dust… you can probably imagine a thousand places with more erotic appeal. Yet, I felt a certain excitement. I walked behind Aneta, admiring her shapely backside. As we stepped over attic beams, I held her by the hips to help with her balance—my exaggerated courtesy was met with her sparkling laughter.

We finally reached her storage compartment. She unlocked the door and opened an old cabinet. Then, shelf by shelf, she began searching. She found all sorts of things—old books, photos, envelopes stuffed with papers, long-forgotten items… but no CDs. After a few minutes, she grew visibly nervous. While taking down one of the boxes, she hurriedly crossed her legs, quickly set the box down, and squatted. Though I suspected the reason, I asked her what was wrong. She looked at me and said:

– Sorry, we have to pause the search. I urgently need to use the bathroom.

– You can do it here, right? I laughed.

– Think you’d be the first?

I thought she’d firmly reject my idea, but she didn’t. She cautiously stood up and stepped out of the compartment. Assuming that as the author of the idea, I deserved to reap its rewards, I followed her. Outside the compartment, she turned to a spot that offered a bit of privacy. She faced me, her face showing clear embarrassment, and asked:

– You won’t watch, will you?

I came clean:

– Sorry, I find it exciting, and it turns me on. I can’t help it—would it bother you too much?

She considered it for a moment and then quietly said:

– But it’s give and take. I want to see you pleasure yourself while you watch.

Wow, I hadn’t expected such a counterattack, and I hesitated. But when I saw her cross her legs again, I didn’t waste any more time and started unbuttoning my trousers. We watched each other as we undressed. She stood across from me in her panties, one leg bent. I pulled down my briefs and took my already-erect penis in hand, aroused by the recent events. I figured kneeling would give me the best view. I gently slid the foreskin over the tip, watching as Aneta removed her panties and squatted in front of me. Almost instantly, a powerful stream gushed from her lap. Her meticulously shaved pubic area gave me a perfect view of the situation. I savored being able to watch her pee, and my arousal intensified. The puddle trickled along the floorboard and seeped under one of the beams. I looked at her face. She returned my gaze. The uncertainty from a few minutes ago was gone from her eyes; I saw desire in them.

She peed for quite a while, and when she finished, she stayed squatting and moved her hand to her lap. She stared intently into my eyes and began caressing herself. One of my secret erotic dreams was coming true. About a meter separated us; we were intensely focused on ourselves, yet connected by an exhilarating feeling—the thrill of forbidden fruit, the breaking of a taboo. After all, it’s not proper to watch someone pee or masturbate…

I signaled to her that I’d come soon. She quickened her caresses, her finger flickering over her clitoris and occasionally dipping into her vagina, while her other hand stroked her breasts through her blouse. I relished the stunning view of her active lap and tried to hold out as long as possible. But at one point, it was unstoppable. I aimed my semen right in front of her. She climaxed shortly after me, collapsing to her knees in an orgasmic spasm.

For long minutes, we just stared at each other, as if we couldn’t believe what had happened. Finally, she laughed with that sparkling laugh of hers and said:

– So, can we finally find those CDs now?

*002*2025-05-22 03:04

No desperation or peein here, only mutual masturbation. I think this story influenced one of my own stories ("The maturity exam")

$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedauthorid="15031" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed9520107946" style="height:323px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/110808-the-maturity-exam/?do=embed&comment=2274868&embedComment=2274868&embedDo=findComment#findComment-2274868" January 2011

Massage at a Classmate’s

At the end of the year, exhaustion and stress weighed heavily on me, so I welcomed an invitation from a former classmate to visit her massage studio.

She attended to me personally. I lay on the table and let her pamper me with the touch of her hands. In the first few minutes, I still responded to her chatter, but soon I drifted off more and more, her voice becoming a melodic backdrop to my journeys into memories of times past. She wasn’t one of the classmates we went crazy over, but even back then, I recognized her unique charm. At the time, I couldn’t capitalize on it even a little. And it’s not like there weren’t opportunities… I just wasn’t bold enough.

Time had added a few kilos to her frame, but which forty-something woman hasn’t gained a bit? She was far from chubby; her once slender, athletic figure had simply curved gracefully. Her full breasts, confined in a bra, tantalizingly shaped her tight white t-shirt, and her firm backside was clearly outlined through white leggings, with her panties distinctly visible. I was surprised at her clothing choice for her profession… a blind man would have to be lying on that table not to steal at least one glance at her attractive figure, further accentuated by the form-fitting outfit.

In jest, I started teasing her about it. Her response was a ringing laugh and a playful reproach that I definitely hadn’t looked at her like that back in the day. I replied that I had all the more time now and certainly wasn’t going to half-ass it. She grew a bit uncertain, her face flushing with a blush. But she continued tending to my body. I was lying on my stomach as she massaged my perpetually tense back. Her fingers kneaded muscle groups, sometimes gently, sometimes more firmly. Whenever she leaned over, I caught the pleasant scent of her perfume, which stirred arousal in me.

When I turned onto my back, I realized that what my stomach-down position had mercifully concealed would now be revealed.

– Well, well… Martina laughed.

The towel covering my lower body was being lifted by a budding erection.

– I’m sorry, but you’re the cause. Even after all these years, I regret not being bolder back then, I managed to explain.

– I’ll admit, it stung a bit back then, but what could I do? she replied.

But she didn’t stop massaging. She was now focusing on my abdominal area, her hands frequently moving near the towel. Once or twice—and I felt it wasn’t accidental—they strayed beneath it, briefly touching my penis. Each hint heightened my arousal. I don’t have sex as often these days as I used to, and anything unexpected and erotic, reminiscent of the carefree days of unrestrained youth, ignites me all the more. It was as if I sensed that I needed to fully seize every opportunity now, because another might not come…

She stood over me, continuing the massage. I looked into her eyes, occasionally letting my gaze drift lower—such beautifully shaped t-shirt would be a shame to ignore. When she leaned over slightly and her perfume stirred my senses again, I mustered the courage and placed my hand, which had been resting by my side, on her backside. I slowly moved it up and down, unable to get enough of the thrilling opportunity. She blushed again but didn’t reject my hand. I grew bolder. I slowly slid my hand between her thighs, toward her lap. At first, I only lightly caressed her through the fabric, then pressed a bit more. I left my hand where I sensed her clitoris beneath the material. With gentle movements, I began massaging her lap…

For the first time, she looked into my eyes provocatively. Without a word, she pulled the towel from my lower abdomen and placed her hand on my penis.

When she looked into my eyes again—with a question mark about what would happen next—I pulled her closer. I kissed her cheek and whispered:

– I’m sorry I didn’t pay more attention to you back then. You’re a beautiful woman. You excited me then, and you excite me now.

– I have a husband; I can’t make love to you—even though I really want to right now. But I want to take at least what tempted me back then. I want to pleasure myself with you… Just imagine what it would be like if…

I was disappointed; I hadn’t expected rejection at this stage, but I quickly tried to come to terms with the boundary she’d set. I didn’t stop caressing her lap. I freed my other hand and pulled down her leggings and panties to her knees.

She lay beside me on the table. She didn’t resist as I caressed her lap, played with her clitoris, or eagerly cupped her backside. I freed her breasts from their confinement. They were beautiful, firm, with erect nipples. I showered them with kisses and kneaded them between my fingers again and again. Her hands tended to my penis, gently stroking my thighs and stomach, and I was reminded of how I’d dreamed of exactly this in my teenage fantasies. From her earlier words and the blissful expression on her face, I understood that for her, too, this was the fulfillment of a dream frozen long ago in the past, one that would dissipate as soon as it was realized.

We caressed each other like teenagers eagerly exploring each other’s bodies, unable to get enough of the sensations… blissful despite knowing that intercourse wouldn’t happen. With one hand, I caressed her clitoris; with the other, I stroked her breasts, hips, and backside. My arousal grew alongside the sense that Martina was nearing climax. Her clitoris swelled, her lap was wet, her breathing deepened, and her moans became more audible. She pressed her lap against my hand, all while continuing to caress my penis. At one moment, she tightly clenched her thighs, squeezing the hand trapped in her lap, and with a loud cry, curled into my body. Almost immediately after, I climaxed too. We held each other tightly, as if trying to trap the beautiful moments that had just passed in our embrace.

As I left her studio, waving dreamily to each other, I realized there wouldn’t be a next time… the dream had been fulfilled.

*003*2025-05-23 02:51

The story contains desperation, peeing and mutual masturbation

February 2011

From the Pool to the Bathtub

We know each other from volleyball training. She coaches the junior girls, and I’m an assistant coach for the men’s team. It was impossible not to notice how great she still looks, even though she’s well into her fifties. But we only found a chance to talk at a pool party hosted by a mutual acquaintance.

It was a pleasant late afternoon in the fading summer, and the whole group was splashing around in a large garden pool. With Marta—that’s her name—we eventually drifted away from the main crowd, found a secluded spot in a curve of the pool, sipped tasty drinks prepared by our host, and chatted about life.

My eyes wandered over her body more and more. She was slim, her firm B-cup breasts filled the top of her swimsuit, her toned stomach, shapely backside, and long legs—all of it, combined with the slowly rising alcohol level—felt like a challenge to me. I steered the conversation to more personal topics, throwing in a compliment here and there. She rewarded me with sparkling laughter, and it seemed she, too, found our time together enjoyable.

The air temperature gradually dropped, and some people climbed out of the pool, changed, and started leaving. Only five of us remained in the pool. Marta and I maintained our little private nook, and our conversation continued pleasantly. After a while, Marta interrupted me and quietly confided that she needed to pee. I expected her to head to the house, but she climbed over the pool’s edge, squatted in front of me, pulled aside the bottom of her swimsuit, and started peeing into the grass. My position shielded her, so the group in the pool likely had no idea what she was doing, and I savored the view. Her lap wasn’t completely shaved; a thin strip of black hair traced the line of her slit. A stream of golden liquid now gushed from it. I couldn’t tear my eyes away from her lap. She spoke to me, perhaps to mask the faint hissing sound of her peeing, but I barely registered her words.

When she finished and climbed back into the pool with me, her first glance went to my lap. I couldn’t hide my erection. With a smile, she said:

– You liked that, didn’t you?

I stammered, “How could I not? Who wouldn’t?” and tried to regain the composure I’d lost. It didn’t work; I was too stirred up. From that moment, I could only think of her lap, her body, her peeing, and the boldness with which she’d given me that thrilling spectacle. I wanted more, longed for another experience, and racked my brain for how to make it happen.

It started getting dark, signaling the end of the party. We climbed out of the pool, changed, exchanged a few words with those we hadn’t paid much attention to during the evening, and as farewells were said, the group slowly dispersed. I offered to walk Marta home. She had a neighbor-driver lined up but declined his offer and accepted my suggestion for a walk. I took it as the first step toward a new adventure.

The path to Marta’s house wound through an old villa district. Streets lined with trees on both sides, a pleasant, mild evening slowly sinking into darkness—all of it created a romantic atmosphere for our stroll. About halfway, I dared to put my arm around her hips and gently pull her closer. She didn’t resist. As we passed a bench tucked under a sprawling oak in a curve of the path, I asked if she wanted to sit for a moment. She gave my naive attempt an indulgent smile but agreed.

I decided to speed things up and sat her on my lap, facing me, straddling my thighs. I pressed her against me and started kissing her. My hands roamed her body. I caressed her backside, touched her breasts, tried to slip under her dress in front, and between her spread thighs, I reached her panties and touched her lap. She reciprocated my touches, taking the initiative herself, feeling my penis through my trousers. The desire for more intimacy was mutual. We reveled in the expressions of our arousal, unable to get enough, though we knew the time and place weren’t ideal—it was getting chilly, and we could barely see anything. I reached her panties again, eagerly feeling their wetness as an undeniable sign of her arousal. I gently pulled the fabric aside and touched her clitoris with my finger. I recalled the pool incident… and as if she knew what I was thinking, she whispered:

– I know you liked it back there. I need to pee again, but I’ll try to hold it until we get home, and then we can do it in the bathtub if you want…

Her words nearly triggered a premature release. My heart pounded; I couldn’t wait. We got up from the bench and continued toward her house.

In conversation, I picked up on her last remark about peeing. She shared her desires, which she hadn’t been able to fulfill with her ex-husband because he wasn’t into it. She openly admitted that peeing in front of a man is an incredibly arousing prelude and part of erotic games for her. I nodded enthusiastically, still unable to believe the luck I’d stumbled into that evening.

At her gate, Marta rummaged through her purse for her keys. She shifted her weight. I placed my hand on her backside and pulled her close. She whispered:

– If you only knew how badly I need to pee… ugh, and I can’t find that key.

I lifted her dress and, from behind, touched her panties between her thighs with my finger.

– Press me there so I don’t let go.

She finally opened the gate. She quickly unlocked the front door, we kicked off our shoes, and headed to the bathroom.

While I stripped off my shirt, trousers, and briefs, she hurriedly took off her dress, bra, and panties. She started filling the bathtub. She stood bent over the tub, her backside raised. My penis instantly hardened. Then she gracefully shifted her weight and grabbed her lap with her hand. I approached so close that my penis touched her backside. I carefully aimed it toward her lap. She was wonderfully wet and relaxed, but I knew I wouldn’t last long, so I urged her to lie in the tub with me.

The bathtub was spacious, and though not much water had filled it yet, it felt comfortable. Marta sat astride my thighs. Her lap opened to my view. Just like at the pool… and like at the pool, she started peeing. A hot golden shower suddenly splashed over my thighs, lap, and stomach. Marta’s body was taut, her lap pressing forward, her breasts arched, her head tilted back. She caressed her lap with one hand and passionately touched her breasts with the other. After years apart, she was capable of satisfying herself alone. But now I was there too. I pulled her close and impaled her on my hard penis.

The stream of her peeing weakened but hadn’t stopped. She moved wildly on my penis, each motion making it clear her climax was nearing. I held her backside, savoring her passionate ride. I felt my own release approaching uncontrollably. I signaled it to her, but she seemed in another world, as if she didn’t even notice me at that moment… There was no holding back; I quickened my final movements and pulled her tightly to me. I felt myself pumping a full load into her. At that moment, she moaned loudly, cried out, and collapsed onto me…

…and then the alarm clock rang, interrupting my beautiful dream. When I fully woke up, I realized with disappointment that, apart from that magical poolside peeing, nothing else had happened… At least there’s volleyball training today, where I can see my new favorite again. And I still haven’t stopped hoping that one day I’ll find a woman who’ll fulfill my deepest desires… or at least exchange messages with me about them.

*005*2025-05-24 03:56

This story contains desperation, peeing and masturbation.

An Incident with My Mother-in-Law

Even when I was courting my wife, I noticed her mother. She was still an attractive woman. Not yet forty, she’d been divorced for a few years. As far as I know, she didn’t have a partner. For many reasons, I looked forward to our weekend visits to her place in the countryside. This time was no different. My wife had a meetup with her old classmates, so I had the afternoon and evening to myself.

It was a beautiful, warm day. After lunch, my mother-in-law headed to her garden. I sat on a bench in the shade of a large cherry tree, reading, but occasionally watching as she tended to her plants in the greenhouse. Through the slightly open door, I could see her kneeling and weeding. Sometimes she turned in a way that gave me a clear view of her shapely backside. She was wearing light blue, form-fitting shorts. The sight inspired thoughts of “what if…” But I buried myself deeper in my book and, for a while, stopped paying attention to her.

About half an hour passed when my mother-in-law emerged from the greenhouse and headed to the opposite corner of the garden, toward the compost heap. The way she carefully checked to see if I was still sitting caught my attention. I stood up and, without her noticing, followed her. When she reached the compost heap, a mound at the far end of the garden, she glanced back. Not seeing me, she pulled down her shorts, squatted, and started peeing. It aroused me. I hesitated for only a moment before calling out, “How’d the weeding go?” and casually approached the compost heap. She definitely hadn’t finished peeing; she hurriedly pulled up her shorts and tried to act as if she’d come to the compost for an entirely different reason.

I walked right up to her. Her face was flushed, but she didn’t lose her eloquence and began telling me about her plant paradise. I, however, was more interested in her shorts. Now I noticed even more how beautifully they hugged her slender hips, how precisely they outlined her lap, and how tantalizingly round her curves were. How I longed to touch her lap.

While talking about her plants, I headed into the greenhouse. There, I squatted and pretended to be fascinated by the plants, asking about each one in detail. I was trying to get her to squat next to me and open a view of her lap. Eventually, I succeeded. In one unguarded moment, she spread her thighs, and I saw a distinct darker stain between her legs. I stared, captivated. She must have noticed, quickly closing her thighs and standing up.

– That’s enough for today. I’m going to shower; it’s hot. I’ll make coffee later. Come back to the house in a bit, she said as she walked away.

I frantically thought about how to turn the situation to my advantage, how to salvage the chance to touch her wet panties.

– I’ll definitely come, but could you first show me which bike I can borrow for a ride?

– Sure, come on.

She unlocked the shed where three bikes were stored. They were locked at the rims, so she had to bend down to free one. That was the moment I’d been waiting for.

I stood behind her and touched her backside. My hand quickly slid between her cheeks and down to the stain. She froze. With my other hand, I reached for her lap from the front.

– What are you doing?

– You excite me. I want you.

– We can’t. Don’t be crazy, let me go.

– You’re beautifully wet.

– That’s not from arousal.

– I know, but we can combine it.

– What are you saying?

– Come to the shower. Don’t fight it.

My arousal was unmistakable. She seemed stunned by what had happened in the shed, perhaps still deciding how far she’d let me go. But for now, she obediently walked beside me upstairs to her bathroom. On the stairs, I kept my hand on her backside, occasionally letting it slide carelessly down to her thighs, between her legs, and back to her backside. We reached the bathroom.

– Undress, I told her.

I started undressing myself. My penis was erect. She was so surprised by the rapid turn of events that she complied and began undressing. Under her t-shirt, she wore a bra, which I helped her remove. She looked at me as if she still couldn’t believe it. I pulled down her shorts and helped with her panties. She stood before me, naked. She was truly striking, remarkably so for her age. I led her into the shower and turned on the water. I pressed myself against her, caressing her backside, hips, and nipples.

– How long has it been since you’ve had it?

– Three years.

I touched her lap. She wasn’t shaved; her pubic hair was natural, likely just trimmed for a swimsuit.

– I need to pee. You interrupted me… she said, laughing for the first time in a while.

She stepped to leave.

– Do it here. I like it.

I placed my hand between her legs. She looked at me, then smiled and started peeing. I felt her hot stream on my palm, which only heightened my arousal. I turned her to face away from me, signaled for her to bend slightly, and aimed my penis at her lap. It wasn’t easy, but my arousal was so intense and my erection so firm that I eventually penetrated her. She breathed unevenly as I played with her clitoris with my fingers. Her arousal grew. Her pelvis moved against my penis. Suddenly, she shed her inhibitions, as if trying to make up for three years of abstinence in those few minutes. I stood still, letting her set the pace and rhythm of her movements. She caressed herself as well. She signaled that her climax was approaching. Her moans were no longer subdued; they grew louder until she was screaming. I savored both her climax and my own, which followed shortly after hers. During my release, I was no longer inside her, as her knees had buckled, and she collapsed at my feet.

We showered and then sat down for coffee. At first, we didn’t speak. Then she hesitantly began:

– I never thought I’d experience such beautiful lovemaking again.

– It doesn’t have to be the last time… if you pee in front of me again…

*006*2025-05-25 03:11

This story contains desperation, peeing and masturbation. Also a bit of voyeurism.

Voyeur

As I watch the falling snowflakes, a memory comes to mind from a skiing course during my university years. There was an intriguing girl in our year. With just a little alcohol, conversations with her would quickly turn to erotica and sex. Her words made it clear how important these topics were to her. She spoke about them with passion and, for a girl, unusually openly. That drew us in. However, her verbal openness contrasted with her behavior—she was reserved, making it clear that, despite not being in a steady relationship, she wouldn’t let just anyone get close to her. This only made me want to know her better. The skiing course gave me that opportunity.

The evening was filled with lively fun in the common room, but by midnight, people started heading to their rooms. She—let’s call her Jana—was among the last to leave. The mountain lodge where we were staying had three floors, with the girls housed on the top one. As the girls went to their rooms, Jana lingered in the kitchenette on the first floor. I’d been watching her all evening, and now her behavior seemed odd. I signaled to my friends that I was heading to our room but didn’t go; instead, I lingered near the staircase. I didn’t have to wait long.

Jana emerged from the kitchenette and climbed to the second floor—the guys’ floor. With quick steps, she headed to the washroom. The washroom was shared by the entire floor, featuring several toilet cubicles, urinals for men, a panel with sinks behind a partition, and separate shower stalls. At the door, Jana hesitated, cautiously opened it, and then slipped inside quickly. Why? Only one thing came to mind: a rendezvous. I wanted to know with whom. So, I entered the washroom and looked around.

No one was there; Jana must have retreated to one of the cubicles. Behind me, my friends started trickling in. I took care of my business and left the washroom. But I couldn’t stop thinking about Jana—she was trapped now and couldn’t leave the room. My initial thought—that a meeting was her motive—started to seem less likely. I began leaning toward a different, slightly shocking explanation for her presence in the men’s washroom: she was watching us!

The investigation started to intrigue me. During the day, I checked the cubicles. I didn’t notice any obvious gaps or holes that would give Jana a clear view of the washroom. The only possibility was if she stood on the toilet seat—she was tall enough for that. Given the cubicles’ placement, this position would offer a good view, especially of the urinals. But it was risky.

Another day passed, and another evening came. The same situation repeated. I wanted to confirm my suspicion about Jana’s voyeurism, so I devised a plan. I waited until the washroom emptied and the guys had retreated to their rooms. The lodge grew quiet. Now would be the moment Jana would need to slip out of her lookout post. I entered the washroom, stripped down to my briefs, and approached a urinal. If Jana was still here, watching me, I’d give her a little show. I pulled out my penis and took it in my hand.

Slowly, I began sliding the foreskin over the tip and started masturbating. I caught myself getting aroused by the thought that I was likely being watched. I savored my excitement but didn’t want to climax. After a while, I stopped, fully undressed, and headed to the shower. If Jana was still in the cubicle, she couldn’t see the showers, which were separated by a partition. I wondered if she’d stay in the cubicle or use this pause to escape. In my conceit, I also imagined that my performance had aroused her so much that she’d throw caution to the wind and come to check on me in the shower.

I turned on the shower but kept my attention on the passage from the cubicles… She was there! I couldn’t see her clearly, but I sensed her presence—she was cautiously peeking through the passage, partially hidden by the partition. I decided to act on the plan I’d been mulling over all day. I stepped out of the shower, naked, and said quietly but clearly:

– Jana, come here. I know you’re there.

She didn’t flee and, at first, couldn’t muster a word. Then she whispered:

– I couldn’t sleep, so I went downstairs, but then I needed to pee, so I ended up in your washroom. Sorry.

Her quickly spun lie wasn’t bad, but I knew better. I smiled at her and said:

– It doesn’t bother me, and I won’t tell anyone. But tell me—what did you like the most? What are your best voyeuristic catches? Come here.

I took the initiative, determined to strike while the iron was hot. I stood before her, still naked, my penis half-erect between my legs.

– Undress. Come with me to the shower.

She obeyed silently. The shock of being caught still lingered, and I wanted to make the most of it.

She stood with me in the shower. I looked at her slender body. She had small, firm breasts and a meticulously shaved lap. Her arms were shyly crossed over her chest, one leg bent. I touched her shoulders and began caressing her body. I wrapped my arms around her backside and whispered:

– I like you, but I won’t do anything you don’t want. I understand you like to watch. What excites you?

She hesitated for a moment but slowly regained her footing. She became the Jana I knew—speaking openly. I learned that she was quite ashamed of this weakness, but the course had given her ample opportunity to indulge her passion: she’s aroused by watching men urinate or masturbate. This was her third time in the washroom, and in that time, she’d seen about ten such scenes. When she finished, she gave me a resigned look, as if to say, “Now it’s up to you how you handle this.” I had no intention of betraying her trust.

I took my penis in hand and started masturbating. She stared intently at my growing erection and then kissed me on the cheek. Her hand slipped to her lap. She squatted, her face now just inches from my penis. I watched as she spread her thighs, her slender fingers tending to her clitoris. She kissed my penis but didn’t dare take it in her mouth. After a moment, she stood up. She took my hand and guided it between her legs. I felt the wetness of her lap. Her arousal was intensifying. I also felt my climax approaching. She took my penis in her hand and continued stroking it. We caressed each other. I signaled that my climax was nearing. She sped up. My palm was flooded with a small dose of her juices, evidence of her mounting arousal. I pulled her close, and in the spasm of my climax, I savored her moans and another wave of her juices that soaked my hand.

When the excitement subsided and relief erased the last traces of embarrassment, I gently washed her body. She returned the gesture. Then I leaned in and whispered:

– I’m going to pee—where can I do it?

She laughed and pressed herself against me. My hot stream wet her stomach and thighs. Soon after, I experienced her golden shower. I was fascinated and slipped my hand into it. She laughed and let me play with her lap again…

We barely noticed we were in a washroom, separated from potential onlookers by only a thin, nearly transparent curtain. It was a long night filled with tenderness and intimacy. Though we didn’t engage in intercourse, I didn’t feel deprived. I added another piece to the mosaic of information about Jana—her unusual conversational openness compensates for her relative inexperience in practice and, to some extent, masks her highly developed passion: voyeurism.

*008*2025-05-26 02:52

This story contains desperation, and a bit of panties wetting

The Fulfillment of a Dream

For years, I searched for a woman who would share my fascination with female desperation, someone who would be aroused by the same things as me, a woman with whom I could bring bold scenarios to life. For a time, I found her. And it was magical. It started with tentative emails, then electrifying Skype calls, and finally… a meeting.

We met in the morning at a café. Our conversations picked up on the topics we’d discussed over email, and we both looked forward to the moments that, when they arrived, would bring pleasure.

She was bright and kind, making for pleasant conversation. We drank coffee, some mineral water, and then set off into the city. We boarded the longest tram line and rode. I was eagerly waiting for the first “suspicious” movement or sign that the moment had come.

We reached the end of the line and got off. I had a work call, so I stepped away briefly, but kept an eye on her. Nothing yet? Maybe a subtle bend of the knee, a hesitant shift of weight, but nothing certain. I finished the call. We boarded the tram again and headed back to the city. We sat in seats one behind the other, and I wondered when “it” would finally happen.

As we passed the café, I asked, “Want to stop for another coffee?”

– Maybe not. When will we get there?

– In a moment.

We got off. I held her hand and paused with her for a moment.

– Sure you don’t want to go to the café?

Her response was a tighter grip on my hand and a stiffer stance.

– Then I’m inviting you to the office.

I opened the building door and led her to the elevator. I called it.

I held her hand and watched as she bent one knee and pressed her thighs together in a rigid position. I gazed at her, captivated. I couldn’t resist and wrapped my arm around her backside.

The elevator ride alone would have been a dream come true. I caressed her slender thighs and backside through her leggings. Her thighs were pressed together, and she occasionally bent one leg, then the other. Sometimes she squeezed my hand tighter. I grew bolder, my hand touching her lap through the fabric of her leggings and panties.

I opened the office door and led her to the sink so we could wash our hands after the trip. I turned on the water and stood behind her. At that moment, she bent her leg. I stroked her backside and slowly began pulling down her leggings. My hand made its way from behind, between her thighs. Her panties were still dry.

Another work call interrupted our activities. Then we sat in armchairs. I poured her a full glass of water, and we talked. The tension was palpable. I watched her fidgeting with excitement, not missing a single “suspicious” movement or change in her posture. Occasionally, she placed a hand between her thighs.

I lifted her from the chair, had her stand, and hungrily touched her.

– I need to pee; I don’t think I can hold it anymore, she whispered after a moment.

In the bathroom, we continued our game. She described how her need was intensifying, shifting her weight and pressing her thighs together. The whole time, I kept my hand on her panties, waiting…

At first, it was just a slight dampness. Then, with an excited whisper, she said, “I can’t hold it anymore, I’m going to wet myself,” and her panties grew wetter and wetter. I caressed her lap, savoring the moments that capped off a beautiful morning.

…

In the end, there were two more such meetings. Both wonderful. The anticipation of the moment when the need reveals itself, that hard-to-define instant of skyrocketing arousal. It’s been a while since we last saw each other or wrote, but I still fondly recall those times…

*009*2025-05-27 02:55

This is the last story. It seems there weren’t any more, and even if there were, there’s no trace of them. I hope you enjoyed them!

The story contains desperation, a bit of wetting, and mutual masturbation

According to the Script

We’d never met in person, but we agreed on a game that was meant to entertain us both…

I entered a bookstore in a Prague shopping center. She was supposed to be here already. I glanced around casually, but at first, it was hard to tell… I drifted toward the shelves and started browsing the books. Occasionally, I’d pick one up, flip through it, and put it back. I moved to another section, scanning my surroundings. There were plenty of women eager for literature, but I hadn’t yet spotted the signal I was waiting for.

A middle-aged woman in a stylish pant suit was leafing through a booklet, visibly crossing her legs. Could it be her? I watched her for a moment. But when she put the book down and picked up a boy in the children’s section, it was clear she wasn’t the one.

After some fruitless searching, I decided on a more systematic approach. I sat in an armchair on a raised platform in the middle of the store, book in hand, my eyes wandering from shelf to shelf.

Suddenly, a woman in leggings caught my attention. She stopped at a display of bestsellers. She picked up one book after another, skimmed through them, and put them back. Occasionally, she glanced around. She stood in a rather stiff posture, and as she turned pages, she sometimes shifted her weight or bent a leg. At first, I had a side view. When she moved around the edge of the display, she stopped with her back to me. I could admire her very shapely backside. She occasionally bent one leg, then switched to the other.

She finished browsing the bestsellers and moved to another section, closer to me. There, too, she aimlessly picked up book after book, flipped a few pages, and returned them to the shelf. This was exactly how we’d agreed—she was the one. She occasionally crossed her legs and shifted her weight. When she glanced around once more, our eyes met. I smiled at her; she smiled back. But her shy gaze quickly darted away, she returned the book to the shelf, and left the bookstore.

The next agreed stop was a fast-food place. I was behind her in line. She ordered a large drink and sat at a table. I sat at the table next to hers, facing her side. Our eyes met occasionally, but we focused mostly on our food. She finished her drink, and as she tossed the cup in the trash, her phone rang. She stopped at the counter and talked while standing. She was focused on the call, occasionally tapping the toe of one shoe. If she’d seemed merely restless in the bookstore, now she was visibly nervous. When she hung up, she turned toward me and gave me a meaningful look.

She headed toward our next stop, a clothing store. I followed. I grabbed a shirt from a rack and headed to the fitting rooms. A moment later, she passed by with a pair of trousers to try on. My anticipation was growing. This moment was the most challenging part of our entire script for both of us.

She chose a fitting room and entered. I gathered my courage and, with a hesitant “May I?” stepped inside. Luckily, the fitting room was spacious, which made our first contact easier. We stood facing each other. I smiled, greeted her, and asked how she was. She returned the smile, nervously running her hand through her long hair.

– Pretty good, though…

She lowered her eyes with some embarrassment.

– The preparation was quite thorough, and I waited for you a long time in the bookstore. And now that juice…

As if to emphasize her words, she bent one leg and pressed her thighs together.

Her phone rang. Glancing at the screen, she whispered:

– Sorry, it’s work. I have to take this.

She started talking. Occasionally, she sent me an apologetic look. She couldn’t stay still anymore, shifting her weight more and more.

– I have that document in my bag, hold on, I need to find it first.

She turned her back to me, pressed the phone between her ear and shoulder, bent down to her bag, and opened it with both hands. She was barely a meter and a half away. I had her shapely backside in front of my eyes and fought the urge to touch it, to caress it…

She pulled out some papers and started flipping through them. Suddenly, she crouched quickly and placed a hand between her legs. She kept talking on the phone, holding the papers with her other hand.

I stepped closer and touched her backside with one hand. I moved my left hand to her lap, where her hand was, and pressed against it. With my right hand, I caressed her backside and slowly moved lower, between her thighs, then toward her lap from behind. There, I met her hand.

– I can’t find it. I’ll call you back later, sorry.

She hurriedly ended the call.

– I really need to pee; it’s urgent, she whispered.

She carelessly tossed the papers and phone into her bag, slipped out of my tentative embrace, and quickly sat on the bench. She kept her hand between her legs.

She looked at me, slightly alarmed, and fidgeted restlessly on the bench.

– Once the wave passes, we need to go quickly, she told me. – Is your car nearby?

I nodded. So, she’s counting on the final part of our script, I thought. After a moment, she stood up, we left the fitting room, returned the untried items, and headed through the shopping center to the parking lot. Another crisis hit on the escalators. She didn’t want to draw attention, so she pressed herself against me, her hand pushing against her lap.

She walked stiffly to the car, and when I unlocked it, she quickly slid into the passenger seat. Her hand stayed in her lap. She occasionally shifted, fidgeted, or squirmed.

We drove out of the city. I touched her thigh and caressed the hand she had in her lap. Soon, we were on a quiet country road, so I could pay her more attention. My hand wandered along the inside of her thighs and touched her hand. She slid forward a bit and spread her thighs. I moved my hand to her lap. My arousal was growing. Through her panties, I could feel the warmth of her body.

I found the nearest suitable turn onto a forest path, shielded enough from passing eyes, and stopped. I circled the car and helped her out. We stood together. I embraced her, caressing her through her leggings, both in front and on her backside. Finally, I pulled them down to her knees. My hand touched her panties from below. They were wet. I couldn’t get enough of that wetness.

I gave her a meaningful smile. She grew embarrassed.

– I couldn’t hold it. A few drops…

I caressed her panties and pressed her against me. It aroused her; her breathing deepened, and she gripped me more tightly. I continued caressing her with even greater enthusiasm.

– Don’t stop… and I really need to pee, she murmured.

I pulled down her panties. She squatted. I sat beside her, continuing to caress her. Her breathing became uneven, and she gripped me convulsively. Her moans grew louder. Suddenly, a powerful stream flowed over my fingers. Moments later, she reached her climax and then calmly finished peeing.

In the car, she was relaxed and content… As I drove her to her bus, she whispered:

– It was nice, just how I’d dreamed it. So, maybe next time?

