Bursting With Excitement

Author: Wettingfan

*000*2012-11-01 00:15

Rebecca was a perfect girl. Maybe not in mindset or deeds, but aesthetically, she was perfect. She had beautiful curves, medium length black hair with reddish - pink highlights, double C's ( Which didn't bug most ) and an out - of - this - world ass. To top it off, she wore tight, navy blue skinny jeans and a tight tanktop covered by a hoodie. To sum it up, she was very hot.

It was the middle of second period out of the high school's four periods a day each being eighty minutes. Rebecca was the kind of girl who liked weed, got in to things she shouldn't of and hated school. Unfortunately for her, all her bad habits and deeds caught up with her. She had a small bladder. She could hardly hold it an hour. Rebecca had had accidents before, but in very little cases where the wet spot wasn't that big or noticeable. She prayed it'd be like that today.

Rebecca shoved her hands in to her crotch. She could hardly wait for the bell to ring. It was second period of the day, fifteen minutes until lunch, and she was bursting. She had already dribbled a little, and didn't want to end up like Brooke and Kaylie, two girls in her class who had already peed themselves and faced the shame of wetness all over their crotch and a yellow puddle beneath them. She had never wet that much, but a sick feeling in her stomach said she soon will. Second period on a day A ( The school went by days. Monday would be Day A, Tuesday would be Day B, Wednesday would be A, Thursday, B, Friday, it would depend. ) was math, and the math teacher NEVER let kids go. She looked down at her skinny jeans with a hand shoved into them, holding in the pent up urine she would soon either soak her jeans with or spew into a toilet.

" Ohhh ... " Rebecca moaned, trying to contain her liquids. She knew the ridiculement would be worse than she could ever imagine if she pissed herself. Laughing, lauging and more laughing. The ( metaphorically ) big, bad Rebecca had an itty bitty accident.

It would be everywhere.

She could feel a tiny bit dribble in to her panties, in which she squealed and forced her hands a little harder. A stream was coming.

She felt a small leak occur and dampened her panties. She moved around and squirmed more, and yiped when she saw a small dark patch on her jeans, with a small few drops leaking on to her chair.

Drip by drop.

Drrippp..

Drropp...

Drrippp..

Dropp..

It was coming soon, and fifteen minutes was to long.

Ten minutes had passed and she was in tears. Rebecca sat alone because she had no friends in the class, only haters and those who didn't know her. Nobody to comfort her when she would wet herself and cry with now four minutes remaining. Suddenly, the teacher walked to the front of the room.

" You may all pack up and leave early. You've all been superb today, especially you Rebecca! " said the teacher in a happy tone.

' Oh no, please don't attract attention to me. '

This was the first time people had seen her desperate. Smiles and giggles aroused though the classroom, then the teacher kicked everyone out. Rebecca didn't both to go to her locker and drop her things off, instead, she bolted to the bathroom, almost crying, holding herself. She dropped her stuff by the door and ran in. Immediately, all hope was lost. All stalls, taken. Thats when she lost the battle for dry pants.

It started as a lone dribble, she had faced many of those, but none like this. It was only the tip of the iceberg though, as she started squirting urine. It went down he thighs, and she had began crying. Her face burned bright red, tears errupted from her greenish - blue eyes. She knew she couldn't wait for these stalls, and gave in. She let it flow. The hot, brilliant pee made its way around her thighs and tight ass, dribbling onto the ground. The tiles were soaked in her pee. Tears went down her face in to her pee puddle. If that wasn't bad enough, the popular preppy girls ran in to the bathroom, cameras blazing. They had set her up! Four girls walked out of the stalls, there cameras on their phones lighting up with flashes for taking pictures. Rebecca sat there, crying, still peeing, humiliated.

" Worst day ever .. " She mumbled under her breathe, feeling her wet ass.

