The Water Cure

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2022-06-09 12:33

This story is set in upstate New York in the late 19th century. ‘Water Cure’ in context refers to the wildly popular practice of hydrotherapy as alternative medicine capable of curing just about anything. Absolutely not the ironic latter usage describing torture. All characters are women, there is sex involved.

Amy crossed her legs tightly as she sat herself down on the smooth marble bench. Why didn’t she just ask the attendant to show her where she could relieve herself? Surely that’s what everyone else would do? Maybe one of the other women in the Turkish bath would know? Probably. Half a dozen ladies of various ages sat sporadicly around the steamy room. She could see small vents in the floor from which the warm, wet air rose lazily.

But Amy knew she wouldn’t ask. She would just need to hold it. But for how much longer? She got the impression that the Water Cure still contained other dubious ‘pleasures’. The glasses of chilled water full of lemon and exotic herbs to ‘relax her inhibitions’ that she’d drank on arrival were still working their way through her and she was starting to worry that she wouldn’t be able to contain herself. What would she do if she wet herself? Probably never leave her house again. Which would be entirely the opposite outcome to that the Water Cure had been promised to achieve. Amy had always been shy, and preferred her own company. She didn’t see how anything was different now that her daughter had been born. But her husband claims to worry, and her mother-in-law suggested the Water Cure would heal her ‘unsociability’. So here she was. Getting cured. The herbs, at least, had done nothing. Or she’d already have asked for the lavatory.

Amy tried to minimise her squirming, despite her bursting bladder. It was unladylike to show such a need. Of course it was even more unladylike to wet one’s dress, or even the rough towel-like gowns the attendants had the women wear between treatments. Amy suspected she was meant to have taken off the gown in the Turkish bath. Given the warm humid air more access to her skin. While a couple of the other women still held their gowns wrapped around themselves like Amy a few had removed them and were sitting naked. One was covering her breasts and between her legs with her arms and hands and looked as if she would prefer not to be so exposed.

But a couple of others were comfortably casual in their nudity and hid nothing from display. Amy had never seen anything like it and her curiosity to continue to examine the ladies surprised her. She tried not to stare but couldn’t resist taking long glances whenever she felt she had to. The lady directly opposite her on the other side of the room was one of those who remained wrapped in her gown and had apparently fallen asleep, as Amy could hear her snoring prettily.

It wasn’t long before the woman who had seemed uncomfortable with nakedness, but embraced it anyway, stood up, pulled her gown back on, and blushingly left the room. Over the next few minutes she was joined by several others who had had enough of the steam and an idea occurred to Amy. “If everyone leaves, even briefly, and I’m alone in the bath, I could relieve myself right here.”

It was a wild idea! Amy had never before done such a thing. A lady held her bladder until she reached the appropriate facility. And if she couldn’t, shamefully, well then, she would relieve herself in her clothes. Despite Amy’s shyness leading to quite a bit of unnecessary desperation she’d not reached the point of having an actual accident since childhood. Though she had to admit that she’d always been rather fascinated by the idea of other ladies getting themselves into such a state. Where did that thought come from? It was true, now she thought it. But it was a new realisation. Perhaps the water cure did work in some ways?

Her companions in the bath continued to trickle out. Regrettably the beautiful naked ladies among them. Amy was properly in need of relief now, the urgency between her legs growing quickly, unbearably, her idea of going on the floor of the bath was her only chance to avoid wetting her gown, she’d left it too late to find her way to a restroom. Even if she could make herself ask for directions. The woman opposite her shifted a little in her sleep. Napping while sitting on marble will do that, Amy supposed.

Though wouldn’t it be interesting if she needed relief as well? Amy had heard stories of young women who had had accidents sometimes. Though she’d never seen it actually happen. Wouldn’t it be absolutely fascinating if this beautiful young thing ten feet away wet herself in her sleep while Amy watched? What was that thought!? Did she really want to see that? She did! The phantasy was thrilling her, and it kept her mind away from her own mounting desperation. she just had to hold out till two more women left the room. She could pee while her sleeping princess slept…

Clara hadn’t felt any urge to pee when she’d first been led to the Turkish bath. Though she didn’t know where the facilities were either, had Amy asked, even though she’d drunk the same mandatory lemon, herbs, and ice water. Each time the attendants had submerged her in water, hot or cold, Clara had more or less immediately lost any control of her bladder and urinated helplessly. The first time she was quite embarrassed, as she always was whenever she wet herself, but as the water hid all evidence of her indiscretions she found herself not blushing at all either the second or third time it happened.

“It’s it funny!” She thought to herself, “that it isn’t the loss of bladder control that is so shameful, but simply that anyone might know?”

That was actually why she was visiting the Water Cure, her husband had found her occasional lapses in continence since she’d carried his son to be so vexing that she’d been banished to the guest bedroom “until she found control over herself”. That Clara wasn’t having accidents on purpose seemed of little consequence to Robert. She was exiled until she could be certain that she wouldn’t sully their marital bed either in her sleep, in a brief frantic wakefulness, or during her marital expectations.

Sitting amid the gentle steam, Clara had felt herself starting to drift away. She’d been so tired for months. Little Harold was so demanding and even at night she dared not let herself sleep too deeply for fear of not awakening to his cries, or to the demands of her temperamental bladder. She didn’t know how long she napped, sitting upright on a marble bench, the door latching shut as someone departed must have roused her. Instantly she felt a sudden stab of urgency in her lap. Instinctively, as if she were in her bed and not in public, her hand shot between her legs. To her horror a beautiful young women sitting on the opposite bench, her only companion in the room now, was looking directly at her. She whipped her hand away from her complaining shell and blushed desperately.

What was she to do? From experience Clara knew she would never make it the facility lavatories, even if she already knew where they were. She’d taken to having a chamber pot next to her bed, and she could often make it that far with dry nightclothes if she managed to wake in time, but could never reach another room with dry legs.

So she was to have an accident then? In front of one of the fairest girls she could recall seeing? Who was still looking at her, curiously. Clara wished she hadn’t awoken and it had happened in her sleep. That was somehow always better. She hoped the beautiful girl would be kind. In her experience beauty and kindness seldom correlated.

The least she could do was warn her, so she could avert her gaze, or leave quickly in disgust. “I’m dreadfully sorry,” Clara began. She could feel her bottom growing hot and wet as she spoke. She continued quickly “But I’ve lost control of my bladder.”

Surprisingly the young woman didn’t look away at all. Clara could see her shock, but she was interested. Clara watched her watch the unfolding accident. Her pee saturated the seat of her gown and trickled down her bare legs, pooling around her feet and slowly finding its way to a drain in the centre of the floor.

”I’m so sorry!” Clara offered. “I must have slept too deeply. Please don’t think too dreadfully of me.”

”No! I’d never!” Amy met her eyes now. Clara’s accident had been exactly as she had imagined. Her imagination hadn’t caused it had it? No. That’s crazy. Her own bladder surged recklessly. If she was going to keep her own gown dry she needed to go on the floor now. Right now.

She held it instead. Telling herself she couldn’t do that in front of Clara, faithlessly, “Actually… I’m in the same position. I can’t wait another minute.”

”Oh no!” Clara stood up, the wet fabric clung to her bum and the back of her thighs. She took the three steps between their benches and held out her hand to the squirming woman.

“Are you sure you can’t make it? I would walk with you?” Clara whispered soothingly.

”I… no… it’s too late. I waited too long. If I stand up it’s all going to come flooding out…” Amy bit her lip tearfully.

”That’s alright. Don’t cry!” Clara sat down next to Amy and lay her hand on Amy’s leg, gently stoking through the material of the rough gown. “I wet myself sometimes… you just saw me do it. Oh, please don’t be upset.”

Amy welcomed the soft touch and soothing words from her companion, somehow, even through fabric, her hand on her thigh was sending sparks of excitement through her. Nearly as many as watching Clara pee in her clothes. Even though she’d chosen the inevitably, actually wetting would ruin the moment, the girl would leave.

“How does it feel?” Amy whispered, “When it… happens.”

”Oh. Well. It’s very wet. And very warm. And… relieving.” Clara lay Amy’s head against her shoulder. “I promise love, you’ll feel so much better.”

“Does it feel like…” Amy blushed prettily, “like touching… down there… feels.” She couldn’t believe she could be so forward. But with another women it was permitted, surely.

”A little, sometimes.” Clara admitted, as much to herself as Amy. Perhaps if Robert looked at her when it happened the way Amy did… “Is that what it feels like for you now?”

”Very much…” Amy could barely stand the tension. Between her legs. Between this woman. She didn’t think.

Clara wasn’t surprised when Amy’s lips met hers. It had seemed… inevitable since she’d sat down. The air was dense and static. She kissed back. With more passion than she’d felt in a very long time. It was just as inevitable that she would touch her companions thigh beneath her gown, her fingers finding their way between the heavy folds. And edge her hand ever higher as Amy’s trembling legs parted. She had never touched another woman like this before, her seed was harder and stiffer than Clara’s.

“Does it feel like this does it?” Clara moved her fingers gently between Amy’s legs.

Amy was transported. A being of pure tension, strung tight between expectation and desire. She could feel a paroxysm building…

Clara stroked her companion quickly, urgently. Not at all like she would if she was just beginning to touch herself, but Amy was already so wet that Clara half suspected she must have been leaking. What could make this woman so hot? Was it… her? Clara had never thought of herself as attractive. Certainly not since pregnancy. Not since she’d started having accidents. But perhaps she just needed a different perspective… Amy’s eyes were drooping and she was breathing out ragged little pants of joy. Clara knew she must be on the brink of… simultaneously Amy let out a strangled yelp and arched her back, Clara held her on the bench with her free hand, her other hand was amidst a deluge. Far more urine than Clara was capable of holding flowed through her fingers like a tide. Clara held the other woman until both the paroxysm and the river had run their course.

”There?” She purred, “That wasn’t so bad was it?”

Amy looked at Clara, her pupils still dilated. Her mind lept and found footing in intention, “The world is wide, and I will not waste my life.”

They left the bath together

*002*2022-06-14 00:00

{{On 6/9/2022 at 10:45 PM, rebeljaffa said:

That's amazing! Thanks so much for sharing

}}

Thanks! It’s something I wouldn’t have written without the competition. Specific prompts are good for doing new things!

