Meagan & the Gentleman: Giving Thanks - Page 2

Author: Weasel

*025*2018-05-16 04:40

All right, folks, I thought this was going to be the last chapter and it isn't. "The tale grew in the telling." I promise I'm not spinning it out to make you suffer -- I'm posting just about as fast as I can -- but Meagan keeps doing things, and then I have to write them down...

I have to say, folks: I'm getting a little tired of writing a Thanksgiving-themed story in the middle of May. It's so nice outside and I'm trying to write a story about a very winter holiday in which it's about to snow. (Belated mild spoiler alert!) I'm eager to move on (once Meagan lets me), and I'm definitely going to cancel my Meagan-in-snowpants story and save it for the collection. So once we're done with "Giving Thanks" we'll try to catch up to the seasons and get Meagan and Parker through the end of their second year.

However! I want your opinion on something. There's a sex scene at the end of this story (belated really obvious spoiler alert!). I don't currently have much desperation or holding planned for that scene, just sex. So I could include that scene or not. Cast your ballots!

A) Yes, please include the sex here -- I want to see the climax of this story in more than one way

B) No, let's move on to more desperation/holding

Meanwhile, please enjoy Meagan in sweats in the kitchen.

~~~

“The key to split-pea soup,” Parker said, “is to get it thick enough. And the key to getting it thick enough is to double the amount of peas the recipe calls for, but do them in two batches. The first batch you put in hours ahead of time—”

“—Like we just did—”

“Exactly—and let them cook soft. Then put in the second batch. By the time the second batch has cooked soft, the first is total mush and really has the soup incredibly thick. Then you add the potatoes, carrots, onions, and other veggies, all nicely fried up, plus the ham or some equivalent, add the Worchestershire Sauce, salt and pepper to taste, and voilá!”

“Cool beans.”

“No, they’re definitely peas.”

“We simply can’t escape pees today, can we?”

“You certainly can’t. And thank you for making that pun first, by the way, I’ve been wanting to but didn’t dare.”

“We’ll dare plenty today,” Meagan said cheerfully. She pressed herself against him again as he stood at the stove stirring the peas. She was wearing one of his sweatshirts over a t-shirt over nothing at all—at his request, since he really was boob-crazed today—and sweatpants over a clean pair of panties. He was in sweats himself, slightly worried about what would happen when she had to pee somewhere in the kitchen and he’d have to pitch a tent. But she’d insisted. “No bra, no jeans,” she’d said. “I wanna be able to get a good grip on ya if I need to.” So when they stood hugging or making out, it was even more physically fun than usual.

They had been somewhat emboldened by Gerard telling them, when they met over breakfast, that he was leaving for the afternoon to eat Thanksgiving dinner with one of his professors. His supervisor, Reggie, actually lived on campus and would be available by phone if they needed anything. “And he might make a sweep or two through campus,” Gerard had added, “so don’t run around naked or anything.”

Parker blushed; Meagan kept a totally straight face. “Got it,” she said, cool as ice.

“I should be back around eight or so,” Gerard added. “You’re sure you’re fine here on your own? My prof’s a good lady, she’d be happy to make room for you.”

“Oh, we’ve been looking forward to this for a while,” Meagan said. “We’ll be totally fine.”

With the building safely theirs, Parker said to Meagan, “Okay. Last call for getting anything out of the room.”

“We’ve got food and music. What else could we need?”

“Water. Lots of water.”

“For the soup, of course!”

“For many things.”

The kitchen was a classic college dorm kitchen: sturdy but heavily battered furniture, appliances that had seen better decades, a fridge that smelled… odd, and cupboards that contained a truly bizarre assortment of snacks, bowls, condiments, and utensils. They sat at the table when not getting up to stir the peas, and mostly they read. Meagan was drinking steadily, but the first three hours or so were actually entirely uneventful.

But around lunchtime, Meagan stretched her arms high above her head, then out to her sides, and then shivered. This had a fascinating effect on her bra-less breasts, but Parker was even more interested in the reason behind the shiver. “How you feeling, love?” he asked.

“Oh, I’m fine,” she said, with a tinge of irony in her voice. “Just need to pee, that’s all.”

“How bad?”

“You know me, I can last for ages. But I am wondering where I’ll pee when I finally can’t wait any more.”

“Well, you can go any time, you know—as long as you’re doing it a different way each time.”

“Does peeing in two different cups count as two different ways?”

“Nope.”

“How about peeing in a cup and peeing in a pot?”

“Hmmmm… I’m gonna say nope again.”

“Yeah, didn’t think so. So basically I’m thinking I’ve got two options: pee in a pot and pee in the sink.”

“I can think of a couple more,” Parker said. “If you need an idea later on.”

“I should be okay.”

“Not if you drink more water—which you should.”

Meagan drained her water bottle (there wasn’t a lot left) and shook the last few drops significantly.

“Good! Now fill it up again and drink some more.”

“As you wish,” she said, and filled it. She took a couple swallows. “Better?”

“Mmm—drink a little more than that,” Parker said, relishing the power.

Meagan got her “you just challenged me” look, and immediately tipped the bottle back, taking a huge long series of gulps, practically not even stopping for air, until her water bottle was more than half empty: half a liter in inside a minute. “Happy now?” she said, holding the bottle up above her head, putting her other hand on her hip and cocking it.

In answer Parker stood up, took the two steps to her, and kissed her passionately. “You just amaze me constantly,” he said in her ear.

“If that’s all it takes to amaze you…”

“Oh yeah, I’m pretty easily pleased.”

“I knew I was dating the right guy.” Then she burped a little.

“You’re excused,” he teased.

“Oh, I’m excused, huh? You’re the one calling the shots here. This is all your responsibility.”

“Okay, then. I’m excused too.”

“Bartender! Excuses for everyone!”

“ ‘Sorry, teacher, my dog ate my sculpture project!’ ”

“ ‘Whoops, I meant to knock...’ ”

About half an hour later, Meagan was seriously restless. “Okay, I think all that went straight through me,” she said, hoisting herself up with her arms and toes to rest her butt on the edge of the countertop, squeezing her thighs together tightly. Parker got up from where he’d been sitting and moved toward her, but just as he did, she jumped down and passed him, going to his laptop and calling up iTunes. As she did, she bent over to peer at the screen, thighs together again, and a hand resting lightly on her crotch. She put on some music (RJD2’s “Ghostwriter”), took him by the hands, waited for the beat to drop (shifting on her feet for those few seconds), and then started dancing with him.

“This reminds me of my birthday party last year,” Parker said.

“Hmm? Oh, right!” she said, then stepped up the vigor of her dancing as the horns cut in. “Mostly I just wanted to dance with you. Put all this fidgeting to good use. And burn off some energy.”

“Good idea,” he said. He was well aware of the feel of her breast under her shirts, and of the somewhat smaller mound down between her belly button and her clit. He tried not to bump it as the track picked up the energy, headed to its conclusion. She broke away and put on another one, a huge jump in style, to a track he recognized but couldn’t place. “What’s this?”

“It’s called ‘Diga Me,’” she said, and sang along with the chorus: “‘All in all I know, you bring out the best in me…’”

“Why is it on my laptop?”

“I gave it to you in that big music exchange back in September.”

“Ahh, got it.”

She was dancing now with or without music, as was plain when the track ended. Parker watched this for a moment, grinned evily, and put on “Hey Ya!” Meagan laughed and flung herself into it. But apparently it wasn’t easy. She wound up perched on the edge of the table with one hand attempting to contain her bladder and the other attempting to contain her breasts—before they got to “Shake it like a Polaroid picture,” even, so Parker had to dance that part alone, and Parker’s best moves had always come from the philosophy of “Dance like nobody’s watching.” So by the end of the bridge Meagan was on the floor, laughing uncontrollably, eyes squeezed shut as tightly as her legs, one hand wedged between them.

“Can you do me a favor, love?” she gasped as she managed to get her giggle fit under control.

“Hmm?”

“Pass me that measuring cup, will you? I am about to piss my pants.”

“For the record, that would count as a distinct method of peeing,” Parker said, but he handed her the pint-sized cup anyway.

“That’s fine, I just rather wouldn’t.” She managed to get herself into a crouch, one arm on a chair supporting her weight as she used her other hand to try to get her sweats and panties down. A moment later she realized this wasn’t going to work, at least not in time. “Help!”

Parker swooped in and got her clothes out of the way in a hurry. A moment later she slid the cup underneath her and let go.

He watched, entranced, as the measuring cup filled with gold—clear gold, since she really had been knocking back quite a lot of water. She pissed a river as usual, and he said, “Whoa, you’re about to overflow.”

“Can’t stop. Won’t stop,” Meagan said matter-of-factly. And indeed, a moment later the piss reached the top and overflowed. She jerked a little and giggled as the puddle reached her bare feet. Fortunately her stream trailed off not long after that, and Parker handed her a dish towel to help clean up. This led to some awkward-funny maneuvering where she tried to get re-dressed while keeping various body parts and garments out of the puddle and without knocking over the cup and without standing all the way up, which would potentially reveal her to the outside world through the kitchen window. But eventually she managed to not only mop up the puddle and dump the cup but wash off her feet in the sink.

At this point Parker said, “Hey, lover?”

“Hmm?”

“This one’s for you.”

He hit play on “I Can’t Take My Eyes Off Of You” from The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill.

She took two slow strides across the kitchen, every motion deliberate, then draped her arms around his neck, nuzzled up against cheek, kissed him low and slow. They rocked to the beat, her head to his chest.

“I was gonna asked if you liked it,” she said, as Hill’s voice faded out, “but I think I’m gonna take that as a ‘yes.’”

“Good interpretation.”

~~~~~~~~~

Aww, ain't it sweet? I wasn't quite expecting the dancing but it seemed to fit. And I did want this to be a fairly lovey-dovey story, considering the title.

And yes, they aren't done in the kitchen yet... because I keep writing more than I planned. At least one more chapter, in which they really do feed each other and Meagan (in a shocking twist!) gets desperate again... and then we'll see if the audience would like the sex scene or not. So remember to vote A (sex) or B (moving on).

(By the way, that split-pea soup trick really works! Try it out if you like really thick soups.)

See you next time!

*034*2018-05-18 04:49

Well, that's 9 A's (counting the conditional one and @Ondinist

's ballot-stuffing) to 0 B's; that seems pretty unanimous! So I will try to get the conclusion up tomorrow -- more desperation and more sex, @herinfinitedesp

, just to clarify!

Funny thing, though -- I've got the desperation part written, just not the sex. So if y'all had voted B you'd be reading that now. Instead you shall have to wait for the whole thing... Not all that sorry to keep you waiting, though! Thematic unity, after all...

*035*2018-05-19 05:31

The Grand Finale at last!

~~~~~~

“I’m really happy I make you happy," Meagan said.

“Not half as happy as I am that you’re happy.”

“I’m not sure that makes sense mathematically, hon, but I don’t care. It’s so fun watching you watching me. And fun playing around with this.”

“I’m so, so, so grateful. I’m just amazed every day you’re in my life.”

“And I’m so glad you’re in mine—dear god could we be any sweeter?”

“Wanna bake cookies?”

“Hah!”

“But you should drink some water, too.”

“I never question the cook.”

“These cookies,” Parker said, “are from an old secret family recipe, handed down from the ancestral oatmeal box we got it from. You can only get that recipe by marrying into the family or by asking really nicely.”

“How nicely?”

“You just pissed on the floor for me. You’re already in.”

“Awesome. So what do I do?”

“Start by washing out that measuring cup real well and then filling it with butter...”

“A recipe after my own heart.”

Meagan spent the next hour alternating between prepping ingredients, either for cookies or soup, and sipping water. She didn’t chug again, but over time her intake was considerable. After a good hour and a half of chopping and stirring and frying and baking, Parker thought he detected a little extra bounce in her motions, alternating with increasing stillness.

As they pulled the second-to-last batch of cookies from the oven, Meagan ran a hand over her face and said, “Whew, is it just me or is it getting warm?”

“Well, we’ve been in this kitchen for hours, so there’s all the body heat… and the stove’s been on the entire time… and now the oven.”

“But is it just me?”

“Kind of? I’m not really feeling it.”

“But you’re just in a t-shirt.”

“You’re welcome to join me.”

“I’m gonna try this first,” she said. She wriggled out of her t-shirt without taking her sweatshirt off. (Well, “her” sweatshirt was putting it strongly; it was one of Parker’s.) It was one of those minor female feats that made Parker so glad to be in a relationship, so he could appreciate it fully. Especially how she almost accidentally flashed him as she pulled the t-shirt out the neck of the sweatshirt, with the bottom edge of her breasts just peeking out from under the hem. Once again his body acted before his brain—although the brain didn’t object, but rather applauded. He stepped behind her, kissed her neck, kissed down to her collarbone, ran his hands up under the sweatshirt over her so-strong abs up to the crease where breasts met chest, then up to her nipples…

She gently took his hands and pulled them down to her belly and held them there, but pushed back against him with her butt to take away any sting of rejection.

“I love you,” he said. “Just, y’know—FYI.”

“Oooh, thanks for the update. Not sure I would have noticed, otherwise.”

“Well, I pride myself on my good publicity.”

“Your reputation definitely precedes you. Or something does, anyway…” She reached back to where he was, indeed, pitching a sweatpant-fabric tent.

“How ya feelin’?”

“Oh, I’m pretty good.”

“Need to pee?”

“Mmmhmm! A bit. But I can wait.”

“How long?”

“Right through dinner.”

“Really?”

“Watch me.”

“I’ll do a little more than watch, if you don’t mind,” he said, running his hands over her hips and up.

“That’s fine, as long as you watch the food, too. I don’t wanna burn anything.”

“If we do, it’s because you’re so hot.”

“That isn’t funny, love.”

“Oh, sorry. I didn’t mean… I guess it could be dangerous…”

“No, I meant the joke was terrible.”

“Ohhhh.”

After the last cookies were out, Parker put the split-pea soup to the test: he stuck a spoon in it. It didn’t fall over right away, but instead made a slow descent to the side.

“Not quite what I was looking for,” Parker said, “but close enough. And it’ll thicken the rest of the way when it cools.”

“So basically you were looking for green mashed potato salad.”

“Sort of. It’s called ‘pease porridge’ for a reason.”

“Is that what pease porridge is? I’ve never known.”

“Yup. And this really could last nine days…”

“I’d prefer mine hot to cold, please.”

“Yup. But I think we’re ready to eat—wait!”

“Hmm?”

“No rolls or biscuits.”

“No salad, either. I don’t think we really need it. Plenty of starch in the soup already, and then the cookies afterward.”

“All right. So show me what you meant by feeding each other.”

“Easy,” Meagan said. She served up a bowl of soup, put it down on the table, and then said, “Come sit.”

“Don’t we need two bowls?”

“Nope. We can go back for seconds if we need to. Sit.”

He did, and she sat in his lap, sidesaddle, working around his half-stiff tent pole. She put one arm around his neck and kissed him. Then with the other hand she took a spoonful of the soup and held it up to him. He reached for it with his mouth—then wisely blew on it for a minute before taking his bite.

“Mmm,” he said.

“Good?”

“Yup!”

“My turn,” she said, and handed him the spoon. He served her as she had served him.

“This is a little awkward,” he said, “but—kinda nice. Romantic.”

“Someday we’ll do this in a place with a little more ambiance than the first-floor Bryant Hall kitchen,” she said. “Some candles… a nice hardwood table…”

“Dark Side of the Moon posters… spoons with cartoon-character handles…”

“Do you wanna keep eating or not?” she said, holding his next bite out of his reach.

“Uh, yeah.”

“Then quit messing with my vibe.”

“Sorry. Candles, hardwood, maybe a little wine… rolls, finally… Will you still be trying not to wriggle around in my lap ‘cause you gotta pee?”

“Maybe. Peeing can be classy, ya know!”

“Really?”

“Oh yeah. It’s all in the presentation.”

“Someday you must show me this.”

“It’s a deal.”

“You should keep the sweatshirt, though. I love that.”

“Oh, I don’t know. I was thinking some short and black and low-cut.”

“Mmmmmm—nope. A borrowed sweatshirt is better.”

“Really?”

“When it’s my sweatshirt and you’re not wearing anything under and I know you’re gonna take it off later tonight? Oh yes. Much better.”

“You really are boob-crazy today. My poor bladder can’t even get a second look.”

“Oh no. Believe me, it’s still in a starring role. It’s just got some good co-stars now, too.”

They finished the bowl, but since they’d only had half apiece, Meagan jumped up to refill it. As she did, her stance was clearly a little tight and tense. But when she returned to her lap, she said, “Could you get me some water, please? I’m thirsty.”

He held the bottle for her, since they were still feeding each other, and she took several big gulps.

They slowly finished their second helping of soup. Feeding each other was romantic and occasionally hilarious, but not exactly efficient. Fortunately they had plenty of time.

“Cookies?” Parker asked, when they were done.

“Mmmm. In a minute. I just want to sit here with you,” Meagan said. And instead of making out, she gave him a single kiss and curled up in his lap, head on his shoulder, arms around his neck.

“Thank you for being here with me, love,” she said into his chest. “I know you’re missing out on seeing family today.”

“Well… yeah. But I’ll see them soon. I do miss my mom’s cooking, though. She could have done all this and four other things on top of it. She wouldn’t have forgotten the rolls.”

“Do you like holidays with your family?” There was a note of wonder in her voice.

“Yeah. I do.” He kissed the top of her head. “But I like holidays with you, too.”

“This is the only one we’ve had so far.”

“Been pretty excellent, though.”

“Yeah. It has been. This is the best Thanksgiving I’ve had in a long time.”

“I’m sorry.”

“Why on Earth would you be sorry?”

“Oh, not for today. For all the other years. If a pot of pea soup and pissing on the floor tops the list…”

“You’re coming at it all wrong. It’s ‘A pot of fuckin’ tasty soup and sexy fun with my lover,’ and that’s way cooler.”

“Ah, yeah, that’s much nicer.”

She cuddled him for a long time. She began to rock gently in his lap—out of desperation or out of comfort, he couldn’t tell. She didn’t seem to be squirming in any other way, though, so he guessed it was comfort. He held onto her, patiently waiting and drinking in her touch.

Finally she kissed him again, and said, “Cookies?”

“Please.”

But as she got up, her eyes went to the window and then got wide. “It’s snowing!”

“Finally!”

“Can I please please please go outside and stand in the snow for a minute?”

“No peeing!”

“Of course not!”

Out she went at once, without bothering to put anything else on, barefoot into the snow to catch the flakes on hands and hair and tongue. Parker followed more reluctantly, and didn’t step all the way out. The snow had only just begun to fall—or at least only just begun to stick, for it was a barely-there dusting at the moment. But Meagan reveled in it. She shifted from foot to foot—cold? Dancing? Needing relief?—until she ran back to the doorway where Parker had parked himself. The outer door closed behind her as she snuggled up to him.

“Okay,” she said, “Now I’m really cold.”

Indeed, he could feel her hardened nipples through the fabric of the sweatshirt, and her toes were frigid when they brushed his.

“Cold and I gotta go again,” she said.

“Back into the kitchen, then.”

“Oh, I can hold it,” she said casually.

“Yeah, but I want my cookie.”

“Oh, all right.”

They fed each other cookies just as they’d fed each other everything else, alternating bites. They were delicious as ever, but Parker found he was far more focused on the posture and poise of the woman feeding them to him. Meagan was definitely locking down now. It made all her serving gestures almost refined, like making cookie-feeding into some sort of art.

“So what’s your plan?” he asked her.

“Well, we gotta wash dishes, don’t we?”

“There is that.”

“So I’m gonna let some things soak in the sink, and then we’ll wash up, and then once the sink’s totally empty, then I’ll pee in it.”

“That’ll take quite a while,” Parker said, blood beginning to thump.

“Well, yeah. No challenge otherwise, huh?”

She stood there, still as stone but—to his well-trained eyes—fighting a fierce internal battle as she ran the water to get it hot, and then ran the hot water to fill the sink. She piled some items into the sink to soak—and then went back to sit down.

“Gotta let things soak properly,” she said with a sly grin.

No fewer than twenty minutes later, she got up from where she’d been sitting on her heel and started doing the dishes. Parker moved to help.

“You can dry,” she told him.

“You’re sure. ‘Cause I can help with the water parts…”

She gave him her “challenge” smile: flashing eyes, flashing teeth—teeth that might not so much as grinning as bared. Without breaking gaze, she put out a hand, turned on the tap, and held her fingers under the flow. She stiffened, barely, noticeable only to his highly practiced eyes, and let the water run warm over her wrist.

“You were saying?” she said.

“Nothing.”

She scrubbed and rinsed efficiently, nearly keeping pace with his drying. Cookie pans, mixing bowls, the frying pan, various utensils, then their bowl and spoon… the only thing she didn’t wash was the soup pot, and that only because it was still filled with soup. And if she had any problems holding it with her hands submerged in warm water, she didn’t show it much. Total muscle lockdown once again. As he got a little ahead on drying, Parker draped his dish towel over his shoulder and stepped behind her to massage her shoulders—only to discover that seriously every muscle was tensed, and his back rub bounced off.

“Not yet,” she said calmly. “Afterward.”

“Mmmkay.”

Finally the sink was empty, but she still didn’t consider herself done: she rinsed it out to sweep the soap bubbles down. Then—only then, as the water ran—did she cross her legs a little. She shut the water and turned so her back was to the sill of the sink. She put both hands up on the edge, as if about to hoist herself up, but instead she raised her chin, asking for a kiss. He gave it to her.

“Okay,” she said. “I think I challenged myself pretty fuckin’ well.”

“Yeah, you did.”

“I’d like to pee now. May I?”

Impressed, aroused, Parker felt a surge of power at her question, and decided to tease her a little. “Hmm, you don’t look all that desperate to me. You don’t think you can wait?”

“Oh, I could. But I’d rather not.” She reached down and slid a finger along his hard-on. “And I think you don’t want to wait, either.”

“It’s just that if you really needed to pee, you’d say so.”

“I need to.”

“Say it for me. Spell it all the way out.”

“I need to pee.” Her brows wrinkled to signal Where are you going with this?

“Okay, but how bad?”

“Pretty bad.”

“Are you desperate?”

“Getting that way, now that you’re stalling…”

“I just like hearing you say it. One more time, all together.”

She rolled her eyes. “Okay, let’s see… ‘I need to pee. I’m desperate.’”

“You don’t quite sound like you mean it.”

“Okay, boy, you’re getting picky.”

“I guess I am. But I got an idea. You can get up on the sink, like you were about to pee. Pants down. But don’t pee yet.”

“Okay…” With a glance out the window at the snow-covered campus, to see if she was observed, she slid her sweats and panties down off her butt and down to her thighs, and hoisted herself up onto the sink with her arms. She grimaced a little. “Aaaggghhh. Now I really gotta go.”

“You’re bursting?”

“Uh-huh. Being this close but not getting it yet… oh, sorry, I get it now. Yeah. I’m bursting. About to pop. Gonna explode in just a few seconds—”

He leaned forward to kiss her, one hand down his sweats to stroke his hard-on. “Thank you. For saying it. And for waiting. Let go, love.”

It took a moment, she was so tensed up.

“Huh,” she said. “I thought I was gonna explode…”

“Should I run the water again?” Parker teased.

“No, here it—uhhhhhhhnnn.” A little trickle slipped out between her over-achieving muscles as she said “here.” This trickle was the pathfinder for the rest, and the gusher let loose, overwhelming her vocal control. Her face turned absolutely blissful. Her piss thundered into the stainless steel of the sink, ran in a river to the drain, flowed down and out of sight. Parker drank all this down with hungry eyes, especially the look on her face: eyes shut, mouth hanging open in a half-smile. Her bare butt did draw his eye for a second or two, and her arms gripping the rim of the sink somehow framed it all very prettily, but then she dropped her head, breathing a little heavy, as if she’d just run a few miles, and he had to look back at her face. Her beautiful, blissful face.

As her stream tapered off to a drip, he cupped her chin with two fingers and brought her face back up for a kiss.

“Whew,” she said, as the kiss broke. “That felt great.”

“Yeah, you looked like you enjoyed that.”

“After waiting that long, with all that water running—wow. Just wow. Letting it all out feels so awesome.” She looked him over, taking in his breathing and the size of the tent in his pants. “I’m guessing you wanna feel that soon, too, huh? Different stuff, but it still wants out?”

“Yeah,” he said.

She hoisted herself a little further up on her arms and shook her butt a little. More drops hit the steel of the sink. She pulled her pants and panties back up without wiping, took him by the hand, and led him out of the kitchen and back to her room. As soon as the door was closed, she turned to him and raised her arms above her head, inviting him to take her sweatshirt off. He did both, pausing for breath on the kiss while he got the waistband of the shirt over her face. She kept one arm stretched, letting the sweatshirt slide off gradually from gravity alone. Oddly seductive. But however appealing, the gesture was a little upstaged by her bare flesh now revealed: shoulders, neck, arms, and most of all her breasts. In the comparative cool of the room, her nipples were hard again. He couldn’t resist cupping them.

“You want these so bad today,” she said.

“Yeah. I want all of you, but somehow those got my attention.”

“Would you like to come between them?”

“Yes. Yes, please.”

“Bring me the lube.”

Parker fumbled through the bedside drawer and found the bottle (now three-quarters empty and slightly slippery from heavy use) and handed it to her. She poured a little on her hand and rubbed it on the insides of her breasts, glancing down only briefly, mostly keeping her eyes on his. “You’ll need to handle the clothes,” she said, gesturing with her glistening hand.

Parker immediately bent to make her naked, but she shook her head. “Leave ‘em on for now. It’s cold in here.”

He stripped himself down quickly enough—he felt plenty warm.

She sat down on the edge of the bed. With her non-slippery hand she pulled him to her; with the other, she stroked his already-firming-up hard-on. After just a few moments of that, he was iron in her palm.

“You’ve been wanting this a while now, haven’t you?” she said.

“All day,” he said.

“And yesterday, maybe? In the store?”

“A little bit,” he admitted. “But definitely since this morning.”

“When I held it for an hour for you? But didn’t let you in me?”

“Yeah. That.”

“Well. It’s a different part of me—but you’re welcome in me now. C’mere.” She laid back on the bed, cradling her breasts in her hands and pushing them together. Her cleavage had never looked more inviting. He climbed onto the bed, climbed onto her, and guided himself into the valley she’d made for him.

She looked up at his face as he began to thrust. “Feel good?”

“Oh yeah.”

“Do whatever you want to do, hon. Come as quick as you want. Or as slow. You’ve waited long enough, do what you need.”

He resisted the temptation to simply go as fast as possible. And since he was doing all the moving, he’d come a little slower than if he’d been the one lying down. Indeed, despite the massive horniness she’d built up in him all day, and despite the amazing feeling of her breasts around him, he built up fairly slowly. He slipped out occasionally; she guided him back in, held his erection down, kept her breasts as tight as she could. He began to run out of lube, and she re-slicked them both. He was breathing hard, working hard, feeling like he was either about to burst or collapse but still not coming.

“Remember pissing off the pipe?” she said. “Remember how hard I had to work to hold on just now, at the sink?”

He smiled breathlessly.

“Remember our very first time, here in this room? With that trash can? Remember the treehouse?”

Something loosened in him, and he knew he was getting close at last.

“I was so desperate this morning. Practically all day. But I held it. For you.” She reached up and stroked his cheek with her clean hand, and then (as her breast slipped and his cock slipped out again) readjusted both of them. “You’re close, I can tell. Let it all out. Let it all out like I let it all out just now. Just burst all over me like I was about to burst. Come on me, lover, come on and come.”

“I’m—nearly—”

“Yeah you are. Think of me holding, think of me squirming, think of me letting go.”

Burst was the perfect word.

“Well, we needed to wash that pillowcase anyway,” she said cheerfully. “Did it get in my hair…? No, don’t answer that yet. Just breathe. You can rest on me.”

“You’re a little sticky,” he gasped.

She outright pulled him down onto her. “So I am, but just whose fault is that, huh? And if I can take it, so can you.” She hugged him tight. “Rest on me for a minute, then we’ll go wash up.”

“I love you,” he said.

“Mmmmhmmm.” She ran the fingers of her non-lube hand through his hair; her slippery hand clasped him to her. Her breasts, still slick with lube, shifted under his skin every time they breathed.

“Thank you,” he whispered. “Thank you.”

“You’re welcome,” she said.

“How do you want…?”

“It’s not a trade,” she said. “I’d like to come tonight, and I’ve got an idea of how, but it’s not a trade. Take your moment. Just be with me in the glow.”

He rested his head against her, the afterglow strong, practically humming in his ears.

“I do have to say, though, if we aren’t careful we’re gonna get glued to each other.”

“Let’s go wash up.”

He headed for the boy’s room out of habit (remembering sending her down the hall that morning) but she grabbed him by the arm. “Silly boy, c’mon in with me.”

They showered together, as they had done before; she made him piss in the drain, too, to clear the pipes. He still felt a little wobbly as they made their way back to the bed, much cleaner and much less sticky.

“So I think you’ll be glad to hear I don’t want anything super-athletic,” she said.

“Yeah, that helps.”

“Here’s what I was thinking. Have you ever heard that vibrators get called “back massagers” so they can get sold under the radar in places with more laws than sense?”

“Uh—can’t say that I have.”

“It’s pretty clever. ‘Oh, it’s not a sex toy, it’s just to help you relax! It’s for sore muscles!’ Well, to bring the day full circle: why not both?”

“I think I get it.”

“Yep. I’m a little sore and tensed up from all that holding. Help me unwind?”

“Of course,” Parker said. He fetched the vibrator.

Meagan lay down on her stomach, face down into the pillow, hands to either side of her head.

“Any particular places you want me to work on?” he asked.

“Shoulders most of all, but—all of me, really.”

Parker set to work, experimenting with the different vibe settings and their effects. In the end he did a lot of work with his hands and body weight, too, but the vibrator served its purpose. Shoulders first, upper and lower back, down each arm; the rumbling vibration nearly took his shoulder out of his socket over time, but Meagan was loving it. He pulled her sweats down to get better Before he went down each leg he let her have a taste of it on her clit, slipping it between her legs and coming up from below. He worked on her feet quite a while, but as she was squirming with delight at that, he also ran a finger up her thigh and under her panties.

This mostly-massage, partly-foreplay took well more than half an hour, since he was determined to do justice to each of her tight and weary muscles that had worked so hard for him. But in time he had the vibrator at her crotch more often than not, and then he asked her to shift position. He slid in behind her, sitting up, and her sitting in front of him. He kept the vibe on her clit on a low setting, but he also slipped a finger into her vulva and gave a little curl, like he was beckoning to her impending climax and calling it closer. Which is basically exactly what he did.

She didn’t burst. She came in a long slow wave, shivering from head to toe, fingers and toes clenching the bedsheets and then going blessedly slack.

“Good?” he asked, though he was reasonably confident.

“Don’t move,” she said. “I’m pretty sure I’m melting. If you move you might spill me.”

“We’ve managed Meagan-floods before.”

She chuckled, low and throaty, not that far off from the rumble of the vibe. “So we have…”

“I’ve said this said a lot today, but: thank you.”

“Yeah. What else can I say? Thank you. Thank you. Thank God for you.”

~~~~~

And thank you, everybody, for sticking with this massive and unseasonable tale. I really did enjoy writing all this despite Thanksgiving being ages ago, and I really relished all your high praise, which kept me going. Sorry for any roughness in these last few installments; I pretty much posted as soon as I was done with them, which isn't my usual process. I like to edit first... but I wanted to get this finished at last.

We'll see what happens next!

*039*2018-05-22 03:40

Thanks, everyone!

{{On 5/20/2018 at 11:26 AM, YourFNF said:

So jealous of these two.

}}

Patience, friend. If you go at this with the right attitude, you'll find what you seek.

*041*2018-05-22 04:30

I was once lonely and frustrated myself, my friend. Now I am neither (but also still single). You'll get there.

...but yeah, they're awful cute. Frankly, the real reason y'all are still reading these stories is that they get along so well. It's just fun to write them having fun.

*043*2018-06-09 02:51

Thank you! Next story is in the works.

