Jenny Series: Sledding

Author: Wet19

*000*2018-03-06 21:55

Sorry I haven't posted lately. I got a new position at work and the training is seriously like a college course on top of the college classes I'm already taking. Here's a quick one that has been rolling around in my head since Christmas. Sorry it's short and not well written but I wanted to post something while I have a rare few minutes free.

Megan's younger cousin Lizzy came to visit in early January. They wanted to get together for Christmas but other family obligations made them push it out. They decided to go sledding the day of her visit. They loaded up in Megan's car and headed across town to the park with the biggest hill in the county. On the way there, Megan wiggled in her seat slightly. Lizzy noticed and asked if she was ok.

"Yeah, I just have to go to the bathroom." Megan answered.

"Oh, does the park have a bathroom?" Lizzy asked.

"Yeah, but they close them in the winter." Megan replied.

"Do you want to stop at a gas station?" Lizzy asked.

"No, I'm going to go in pants." Megan said casually.

"In...your pants?" Lizzy asked hesitantly.

"Yep." Megan replied, again totally casual.

Lizzy glanced at Katy who was sitting right behind Megan, and then a Jenny who was behind Lizzy, then she looked back at Megan. Her mouth was open slightly but she didn't know what to say. Finally some words trickled out.

"We can stop a gas station or Walmart or something, I really don't mind." Lizzy said.

"I prefer going in my pants." Megan said boldly, glancing at Lizzy in the passenger seat. Jenny could tell Lizzy was confused so she mustered up the courage to chime in.

"I do also. I don't have to go now but, later I will." Jenny's face blushed and burned as she spoke. Her voice stuttered a bit and her stomach churned, but she didn't want her girlfriend to face the embarrassment alone. Lizzy looked into the back seat again, then stared out the front windshield, still confused.

They arrived at the park and got out of the car. They grouped around the trunk to get their three sleds out then trekked up the hill. At the top of the hill Megan handed her sled to Lizzy and said "You can go first!" Lizzy got on the sled and raced Katy and Jenny to the bottom of the hill. They climbed back to the top dragging their sleds behind them. Lizzy tried to hand her sled back to Megan but Megan said "You can go again... hmmm.... I'll go next time." Lizzy's eyebrows furrowed and her head cocked slightly to the side.

"Are you okay?" Lizzy asked.

"Yeah, just pooping my pants. I'm almost done. You go again." Lizzy was taken aback by how casually and non-chalantly Megan admitted to it, and especially how she made so little effort to hide what she was doing from the other people around. She wasn't squatting down making it obvious that she was pooping herself, but also wasn't trying to hide her mild grunting. In passing no one would know, but at closer look it would be clear.

"Oh.... I thought you just had to pee...." Lizzy trailed off.

"I did that as we were walking up the hill." Megan said with a slight upward tick to the corner of her lips as if she were trying not to smile.

"Oh......" Lizzy said staring at her cousin for a moment, then she turned and as if in a daze, she set the sled down, sat on it and thrust herself down the hill. Katy and Jenny were already at the bottom waiting for her. By the way Katy was standing Megan recognized that her 9 year old daughter was peeing her pants at the bottom of the hill. Lizzy was none the wiser, and even if she could recognize it, her mind was still blown by knowing that her 28 year old cousin just peed and pooped her pants on purpose.

The three of them climbed to the top of the hill again. This time Megan took a sled and disgusted Lizzy by sitting in her own mess. Under her snow pants Megan was wearing a layer of long johns and, of course, her panties, so it wouldn't leak out.

"It's fun, you should try it!" Katy said to Lizzy as she set her sled down next to her mom's and boarded it.

"Yeah, sledding is fun!" Lizzy said with a smile finally awakening from her daze.

"No, I mean you should pee you pants! It's fun!" Katy said just before pushing off to speed down the hill again.

"I'm sorry, you don't have to. Just ignore her." Megan to Lizzy with bright red cheeks and an embarrassed smile. "That's what you're embarrassed about?" Lizzy thought to herself.

Lizzy suddenly felt embarrassed as she became conscious of the people around them and wondered how much they overheard. She enjoyed the rest of the day but could not look at Megan and Jenny the same.

*003*2018-03-15 22:01

{{On 3/12/2018 at 8:30 PM, YourFNF said:

Interesting I'm curious to know how mom and daughter both got into this.

}}

Read my previous stories.

*005*2018-03-15 22:10

{{3 minutes ago, YourFNF said:

Is the first one "Jenny wets at work?"

}}

Yeah

