Pokemon: The Dungeon and the Desperation

Author: wheatley

*000*2016-01-23 04:25

Another request from DerpySquid. I couldn't let him down and I really liked the idea so here you go.

###

Hi guys, its me, Zapp again. This was a very eventful day for me and the others. We went into a cave for a little bit of fun and then some weird stuff happened. We somehow got lost through the cave and I didn't know where anyone was, so I was alone. Also I'm a Pikachu again. Surprise surprise.

Me: how did I end up getting lost anyways? I swear, this kind of stuff seems to happen all the time.

I took another gulp out of my canteen, which was now nearly empty. I had it nearly full before we entered, but this body needs a drink often. The only problem is the fluids went straight through me and there was no spot to relieve myself anywhere. It wasn't so ad at first so I thought I could hold on for a while longer.

Turns out a while meant half an hour for me. Once half an hour passed I was starting to get uncomfortable. I looked around to see if I could find a good spot to relieve myself, but there wasn't anywhere I could go without one of the natives noticing.

Me: Jeez, why is this place so unforgiving? I bet the others don't have to go through this.

I kept on walking for a while and found a really nice spot of the cave. It was filled with colorful stones, kind of like the ones I use. It was a really nice sight and I would pick some up, if I didn't have to go so bad.

One hour into the cave and I was starting to feel more and more pressure as time passed. I had to put a little more force on my hand and occasionally use my other one. The cave still provided no place to relieve myself so I kept on walking. Along the way I ran into a geodude.

Geodude: Hey boys! I found one!

A pack of geodude came charging forward and I had to run. While I was running I couldn't press against my crotch, so after I lost them I gained a lot of pressure.

Me: *pant pant* Stupid geodude... ahh, i'm not holding out too well.

An hour and a half and I was at the verge of wetting myself. I dug through my bag to see if I could find an alternative and I actually did. I pulled out a plastic bowl from today's breakfast.

Me: Why did I pack this? Ah whatever.

I was about to set it where I could relieve myself in, but then I heard some pebbles coming from behind a rock.

I went to check it out, on guard in case the geodude were back. When I looked behind the rock, I found out I was standing behind a female pokemon, which I didn't know about.

Me: I wonder who that is. Well, as an answer for everything, PokeDex engage!

PokeDex: That is a rock. A ROCK.

Me: NO! The pokemon!

PokeDex: oh. That is an Emolga. Emolgas are known for being cute.

Me: Ah. She looks like she's in pain.

I walked around the rock to the spot where I could see her face. She had her paws in her crotch and jumping up and down.

Emolga: Aah! I- I can't take it much longer!

I could see a drop of urine running down her leg, along with tears rolling down her cheeks. I could already tell what was going on. I glanced at the bowl I was holding, and made a decision.

Me: um, miss Emolga, you can use this.

I set the bowl under her at the right spot so she could relax. I just couldn't leave her to wet herself. I went a little deeper into the cavern so she could relieve herself in peace.

I was about to wet myself, and I gave Emolga the bowl, so I didn't know what to do. I then saw a den somewhere in the wall. I decided to relieve myself in there then block the hole with a boulder.

And it worked. I urinated for about two minutes, definitely relieved to get that out of my body. Once I finished, I pushed a boulder into the entrance of the hole and it covered the den so nobody could enter. Once that was finished, Emolga came by, looking much better.

Me: Oh hey, feeling better?

Emolga: SO much. Thanks for the help. Say, I never caught your name.

Me: Oh yeah, I'm Zapp. Hey, you want to team up with me?

Emolga: Sure! I'd love to join you. Heard you're the one that can switch from human to pokemon.

Me: well that's right. Anyways, let's go.

While we were travelling I attached the communication device to Emolga. While doing so I noticed her scarf had the exact same pattern as Snivy's scarf, which gave me a very big question.

Once we finally got out of the cave. Now we just had to wait for the others.

*Zorua's POV*

Me: Of anyone in the group, why did I have to get stuck with this idiot!?

Quilava: um, i'm right here?

Alright, so I have something against Quilava. Yes he's strong, but he does tend to make things worse with quick thinking.

Me: Sorry, I'm just a little stressed.

To be honest I had to pee. Really bad. We lost contact with the others and I was stuck with Quilava. I actually did have a large drink from this morning before we left, and it was starting to catch up to me.

While we were travelling, I felt pressure building up at a moderate speed. While we were travelling we met up with the guardians of the caverns. Quilava thought we could take them head on, but I had an idea.

Geodude: Hey Francis! Who's that?

Geodude: Oh, I found this guy trying to smuggle some stones out.

Geodude: alright, carry on.

Basically the plan was I disguised as one of them and Quilava would pretend to be handcuffed. Anyways that went on for a few hours until we were sure they were gone.

After a while, I couldn't hold still under the pressure in my bladder. Quilava was still holding out, but I could somehow tell he had to urinate sooner or later.

Quilava: Hey, I think I know where we are. Let's take a left.

Me: Are you sure you know where we're going?

Quilava: of course. I know this place like I know where my fingers are.

Me: You don't have fingers.

We kept walking for two hours until he got us to a large room in the cavern filled with lava and a rock ledge that can be used as a bridge. By this time I had to shove my paw between my hind legs to prevent any leaking.

Me: So why are we here?

Quilava: Well you have to go to the bathroom, right? Back when I explored volcanoes I used to do this all the time.

I realized what Quilava was implying, and I was plump out of options. I just decided to go with it and relax into the lava. Quilava did the same, and I went on for half a minute longer than him.

Quilava: You alright now?

Me: Yep. Kind of a weird moment, but at least I can continue in peace.

We kept going until we found a light leading out of the cave. Then we went through to meet up with Zapp.

*Buizel's POV*

I was walking through the tunnel with Snivy. The caves were not too great, but filled with lots of annoying stuff. The fact that I had to use the bathroom didn't really help much at all. I drank a lot of water from a river outside the cave before we went in and I drank a lot of stuff from inside the cave.

Me: How are you holding up Snivy?

Snivy: Well, my feet are ready to give up and we've been running into a lot of pointless moments. Especially the old man.

Snivy wasn't doing too well either. I could see his legs twitching, not from pain, but from his lower abdomen. He drank a lot as well, but I went through him much quicker than me from what I could tell.

One hour into the cave and I had to go pretty bad. We went into some areas hoping to find someplace to escape, but just more pokemon and more pointless rooms.

Me: This isn't going too well for us.

After two more hours passed Snivy had to go really bad. I could see that from leg movement, trying to keep going while preventing full loss of bladder control. To be honest I had to go as bad as he did, but my bladder was a little stronger, so I could go on a little longer.

Me: You alright buddy?

Snivy: *whimper*

Me: That's what I thought.

We walked into another room, this time with a hallway into another spot. This one had a pit dug pretty deep down.

Me: Hey buddy, how about you go in here?

Snivy wasn't so up to the idea, but he didn't have a choice. I helped him up to the pit and let him release from there. He definitely looked better to me.

While he did that I went to the other room and released my pent up urine from there. It went on for about four minutes until it die down and stopped. I then went out and met with Snivy.

Me: You good now?

Snivy: Yep. I'm ready to go.

We went out of the room and out a door leading to the outside of the cave and where the rest of the gang is.

Me: Zapp!

Snivy: And... Emolga!?

Emolga: No way! NO way! Snivy, it's really you!

Snivy and Emolga ran up to each other, hugged, and then the rest of us cut in to talk.

Zapp: So you and Emolga were best friends a few years back, lost contact with each other, and now here we are.

Snivy: yeah. Why do you think we have matching scarves?

We spent the rest of the day talking at the exit of the cave.

END

This was I bit short in my opinion. I couldn't really think of much I could put into this story, but I still wanted to do it.

Again, Credit idea goes to DerpySquid.

*003*2016-01-23 18:23

{{:

Those scarves....... They're the Harmony Scarves aren't they?

}}

Well same pattern but without the magic from the tree of life. XERNEAS I SAID NO! I AM NOT DOING THAT!

{{:

Thanks again man, great story

}}

Any time buddy.

