Housemates: Rainy Sunday (Meagan & Parker)

Author: Weasel

*000*2018-12-12 05:38

Sorry about the delay, folks. Between work and winter... well, I won't bother whingeing. I finished this today: the latest from Meagan & Parker "Season 3" (entitled "Housemates" this time around).

The season so far:

Road Trip

The Trouble With Housemates

And with no further ado...

###

Parker woke up and immediately regretted it. His whole body was one giant ache, and he was still pretty tired. The previous day, he and Meagan and a few others from the team had gone to a tournament and played four back-to-back games “savage”: no substitutes. They’d played every minute of every one of those four games. They’d even lost someone to injury in the last game, but fortunately the other team had been willing to drop down to six players as well. Perhaps as a result of their general exhaustion, they’d lost three out of four games. They’d gone home a little proud of playing four savage games—and a lot sore. Sore physically because of the hours of playing, sore mentally because of the losses.

Parker lay awake for a minute, listening to the rain drumming on their windows. The remnants of a hurricane had made it all the way up to their state, and were blowing out as gusty rain and the occasional thunderclap. They’d closed the windows most of the way, but the wind was still blowing the occasional drops straight through the screen. With the windows closed all the way, however, the room had quickly become unbearably hot. So they had them open a bit, and thus the storm sounded like it was right outside their window.

The fact that the rain wasn’t making him need to pee told Parker he was still dehydrated from the day before. He took a drink from his water bottle, cuddled up to Meagan, and tried to go back to sleep. It didn’t work, so he spent some time appreciating the body of his bedmate. She was in shorts and nothing else—too hot for anything more, she said—and had kicked the sheets off in the night. So he watched her bare breasts rise and fall with her breath.

The next thing he knew, she was getting out of bed. He must have dropped off for a while. Meagan grumbled for a moment, then fished a tank top up off the floor and pulled it on. When her feet hit the floor she gasped in pain.

“What’s wrong?” he asked—or tried to. It came out a little garbled. She understood him anyway.

“Blisters,” she said. “And general achy-ness.” She took another step and hissed.

“Why are you getting up, then?”

“Bathroom.”

“Just hold it.”

“Wrong kind. Sorry to disappoint.”

“Ah, okay.”

A few minutes later she limped back into the room. He watched her coming with tired pleasure, since her tank top wasn’t really adequate all by itself; her breasts seemed slightly at risk of falling out, and her nipples were definitely poking through, and her limping caused jiggling which caused a little lackadaisical stiffening in Parker’s groin. She stripped the shirt off and collapsed onto the bed with a sigh of great relief.

“I really don’t wanna get out of bed at all today,” she said.

“Do you have to?” Parker asked.

“I should, I suppose. At least for meals.”

“Breakfast in bed.”

“Who’s gonna make it?”

“I will.”

“What about dinner?”

“Dinner in bed could be a thing. We could make it be a thing.”

“That sounds—heavenly, actually. But I’ll need to go to the bathroom now and again.”

Parker flashed a tempter’s smile, a little undercut by the exhaustion still in his face: “Do you have to?”

She rolled over, put a hand on her hip and rested her head on the other, and contemplated him with an amused look. “You’d like that, wouldn’t you?”

“Just trying to soothe your aches and pains, love.”

“You’d just replace them with a different ache.”

“So? It’ll get your mind off of your blisters…”

“I’m not holding it all day for you.”

“You could pee into something,” he suggested. And then, in a moment of inspiration: “Nobody would hear, with all that wind and rain.”

“True,” she said, looking mock-thoughtful. “Okay! If you can find me something to pee into, I’ll only get out of bed when I need to take a dump. Which I just did, so we should be fine for a while.”

“Deal,” he said, and they shook on it. Then they made out on it. Parker cupped her butt in one hand and trailed fingers down her chest, but she shook her head. “Too tired for that yet,” she said. Eventually the makeouts trailed off into going back to sleep, but still cuddling.

Parker woke up the third time with a full bladder and a rumble in his belly. He went off to deal with both. He scrambled up some eggs and popped some bread in the toaster, then carried up glasses of orange juice to their room while waiting on the toast. One of the nice things about living in the house was that OJ stayed put now and wasn’t routinely swiped from the dorm fridge. Meagan was thirsty and drained about half the glass before he even made it back out of the room, so he carried it down for a refill, then returned with everything, balancing it all carefully.

“Oh, wow, love, I wasn’t sure you were totally serious about breakfast,” Meagan said, sitting up.

“Of course,” Parker said, handing her one plate and sitting down with the other. “Just eat lots, I don’t have a plan for lunch.”

“Not a problem.—And can I get more juice?”

“You drank it all already?”

“I’m thirsty. You got a problem with that?”

He thought ahead and smiled. “Not really, no.”

On this latest OJ trip, Parker also brought up something he’d fetched out of the recycle bin: a used-up peanut butter jar with a screwtop lid. He’d washed it thoroughly, feeling a little sneaky. “For later,” he said.

“Not too much later at the rate I’m chugging this juice,” Meagan said.

“Can’t you hold it a little?” Parker asked. He’d been admiring her eating breakfast while topless, and was feeling horny and impish.

“Hmmmm. How about this: I’ll work up to it.”

“I can live with that.”

Some forty minutes later they had finished their breakfast-feast-in-bed, and Parker had washed up as well. The least he could do for his lover, he thought. He climbed back upstairs, every muscle groaning, but when he got into the room and closed the door, his weariness was chased out by excitement as Meagan held up the peanut butter jar. “Time to put this to good use, huh?” she said. “Some of that juice must have gone right through me.” She set the jar on the floor, and gingerly got out of bed. Between her blisters and her need to pee, she essentially danced out of her shorts, and squatted naked over the jar. Not sure of proper positioning, she held it up to her crotch, and let go.

When she finished, she set the jar down—no more than a quarter full. The smell of yellow piss wafted through the room. “Either that’s orange from the juice, or I need to drink more water,” she said. She screwed the lid onto the jar, stood up, and handed him her empty water bottle. “Farm boy,” she said, “fetch me some water.”

“As you wish,” he said—but he kissed her before he left. She put her shorts back on and got back in bed, sheet over her body as he opened the door. When he returned, she immediately pulled the sheet back off, and right after that, chugged about a third of her bottle.

The occasion seemed right for a massage exchange. Although he usually tried to wrangle getting his last, this time Parker was more than happy to get his first—so she’d be lying face down as she filled up again. He lay with his head on his arms, totally blissed out, as Meagan worked over his sore muscles. And he never minded when she stopped, because she always took a quick swig of water from her bottle when she did.

His shoulders and legs were much, much happier when Meagan finished up by draping herself across his back. He wriggled a bit in pleasure at feeling every inch of her along his body, especially legs on legs and breasts just below his shoulderblades. They snuggled pleasantly like this until it got too hot, and then it was Meagan’s turn—after she took another two big swallows of water.

There was really nothing like feeling all his lover’s muscles. Parker started with her feet, working around her blisters, because he knew his hands wouldn’t be able to make a dent on her soles once they were a little tired. Then he worked his way up each of her calves and hamstrings. After all the running, this was the main event, so he worked gently but carefully. Both legs finished, he kept going up. It wasn’t as much fun massaging her butt as when she was naked, but he wasn’t about to argue. Then up her spine, step by step, to her shoulderblades—her shoulders—down each arm—and finally her neck. His hands were pretty tired by the end, but still loved it. As for Meagan’s reaction, she was downright purring when he was done—and then she fell asleep.

She’ll wake up full, he thought. He grabbed his laptop and lay down beside her to wait.

About forty minutes later, she stirred, rolled over, blinked. “What time is it?” she asked.

“About 10:30.”

“Morning or night?” she said. The room was pretty dark from the rain, so it was a reasonable question.

“Night,” Parker said, wondering how long he could keep a straight face. The answer was “about twenty seconds,” and when she figured it out, she sleepily bopped him on the arm with a lazy fist.

She might have been full, but she didn’t show any sign of it beyond rolling onto her side. She dozed for another little while before she rolled onto her back, arched her back, and stretched. This had a fascinating effect on her breasts. A moment later, not content with just looking, he reached out and stroked the side of one of her boobs. She smiled at him with sleepy eyes. “Hey,” she said.

“Hey.”

“So I gotta pee.”

“Shall I get you the jar?”

“In a bit,” she said. “Just lie with me for a while.” She stretched out her arms for a hug, and gathered him in. He rested his head on shoulder, which put her boobs right in front of his eyes. She caught him looking and cupped them in her hands, perking them up for his benefit. He circled her nipple with a finger until it stiffened up. She gave a tiny shiver and laid her hand over his. A moment later she drew his hand down her belly, slowly, until she rested it over another bulge in her body—a much smaller one, barely noticeable until it was pointed out. But with his hand directly over her bladder, he could feel the tight muscles.

“Should I pee now?” she asked.

“In a bit,” he said, matching her tone from a moment before.

“’Kay.”

After a minute or two, he began gently massaging her obliques and abs, which were also a little sore from the day before. She didn’t have a six-pack or the body of a Greek god, by any means; she was as curvy there as she was anywhere else. But her abs were mighty strong, and he loved feeling those muscles as much as any other. He worked his way down—and pushed gently on her bladder bulge.

She immediately tensed up. “Okay, when you do that I’ve gotta go ten times worse,” she said.

“Sorry.”

“Why?” she said. “This is for you, isn’t it? Just don’t make me wet the bed, please. That’d be a pain in the ass and ruin our plans for the day.”

“True.”

“But can I pee now, please? Remembering that I said I’d work up to it?”

“’Kay! But not just another squat over the jar, please.”

“Mmmm. I’m so comfy and relaxed—or at least I was until you pushed down on me—I kinda don’t even wanna get out of bed this time, anyway.”

“Shall I bring you the jar?”

“Mmm—no. Not after what I just said about wetting the bed. But I’ll pee off the edge if you hold the jar for me.”

“Isn’t it gonna go everywhere?”

“A bit, yeah. Put a towel down first. My dirty one from my shower last night.”

He quickly did as instructed. Meagan scooted to the side of the bed, legs dangling over and her hips resting on the edge of the mattress, the rest of her lying back as before. She spread her legs, and he held up the jar to her crotch. She propped herself up on her elbows to inspect the preparations, and then said, “Would you like to make me pee?”

“Meaning—?”

“Push down on my bladder, like you did before. But you can go a little harder this time. I won’t try to hold on.”

“Got it. Yeah, I’d like that. But I’d like to push down while you are trying to hold, too.”

“Later,” she said. “We’re still just getting started.” She lay back, head resting on her crossed arms. “I’m ready,” she said. “I won’t even be able to tell when you’re about to make me. I can’t see your hands.”

Parker laid a gentle hand on her bulge and relished the feeling. He’d never made a girl pee before. He waited for a minute, savoring the potential power. His erection was hardening up in his shorts.

“Hon? I really gotta go.”

“I know,” he said playfully. “It’s all about the anticipation.”

She laughed. “I’m anticipating it real bad, then!”

“Mmmmhmmm!”

He waited another few seconds, to build suspense, and then pushed down firmly.

She jerked, and when her spasm was finished, she was peeing. It was good she’d told him to put a towel down, because it wasn’t just one straight stream—although there definitely was a central flow. She also sprayed a bit in all directions—including on his hand. He took it—he had to. If he jerked away her main stream would miss the jar.

As usual her piss was big but brief. She grabbed him some tissues and helped him clean up a bit. Then she lay back again, legs dangling. “Whew, that was something,” she said. “When you pushed like that—I’m not sure I would have been able to hold on even if I’d been trying.”

“Oh, I’ll bet you could have managed,” Parker said, and kissed her inner thigh.

“I dunno, you pushed hard!”

“You’re so good at this,” and he kissed a little further up that thigh. “You’d be able to.”

“Maybe we’ll find out.”

“Maybe so,” he said, and licked her lips.

She shivered again, for a very different reason this time. He drew back, just for a second, and then spread her labia apart to lick a little deeper, just the way she liked it: gentle lower down, then building in pressure as his tongue came up below her clit and then over the top. Soon she was squeezing his head with her thighs and twining her fingers through his hair and sighing with delight.

He kept at this, occasionally pausing and stroking her with a finger while he took a sip of water, until he felt her inner muscles beginning to quiver. He drew back.

“Don’t stop,” she moaned.

“Do you wanna come now or later?” he asked.

“Don’t. Stop.”

“I’ll take that as a ‘Now’…”

She shuddered as he resumed his licking, and after just another minute or two, he heard her gasping and felt her inner muscles rippling with contractions. He kept going, but more gently, until she begged him to stop. “It feels amazing but I’m too sensitive,” she said.

“Glad you liked it.”

“You’re so good, lover,” she said, still panting. “Thank you.”

“Well, I was in the area.”

She laughed again, and stretched lazily, sexily, filled with the afterglow. He climbed onto the bed to lie down next to her. His hard-on bumped her leg, and she reached down to stroke him a little. “Want me to take care of this right now?” she said.

“Mmmmm—no, actually. I think we can do better.”

“Fuck yeah we can.” She rolled over and reached for her water bottle. As she took a drink, he fondled her curves, kissed her back between her shoulderblades. She rolled back over and kissed him. This led to more making out, paired with more drinking water on her part, until she said, “’Kay, I really should do some reading for class.” It only took five or six minutes to disentangle themselves after that.

Although ostensibly working, Meagan stayed naked, and took a sip of water every time she turned a page. Parker did some reading too, but he kept getting distracted by her tiniest movements—was it a sign? was she feeling all that water already?—and so he didn’t get very far.

But of course, this was Meagan, so after peeing it took her hours to even get close.

Round about 2:30, there was a knock at the door. Suddenly aware of her nakedness, Meagan dived off the bed to grab her shorts, and to hide while she put them on. Parker went to answer the door and didn’t open it very far.

It was Dacy. “Just checking on you two,” she said. “I was worried when you didn’t come down for lunch. I figured you were fuckin’, but—all day?”

“Oh, we’re just having a lazy Sunday,” Parker said casually, clamping down on the crazy urge to say, Well, we’re doing sexy stuff all day, at least, for a given definition of sexy…

“I just needed proof of life,” she said, trying to peer past him. “You okay, hon?”

“Hey, Dace, you can come in,” Meagan said. Parker stood aside and looked back at his lover to check if she was fully clothed yet. As she was only just finding a t-shirt at that moment and hadn’t yet put it on, he wondered if he should have done those two things in the other order—but Meagan had said it was okay, and besides, they’d been roommates for two years. They’d probably seen each other naked constantly.

“There you are. Also we’re gonna play some board games downstairs. Wanna come?”

“Give us a minute?”

“Sure. We’ll be in the dining room.”

With Dacy safely out of the way, Meagan stepped up to Parker and laid her arms across his shoulders, pulling him close for another lingering kiss. Then she whispered in his ear, “So I gotta go. How do you wanna do this? Games could take a while.”

“It would be kinda sexy to have you holding with everyone around, not knowing,” he replied, just as quietly.

“Yeah, but I don’t think I wanna interrupt in the middle to run off and pee, or run off and have sex. Can I propose an alternative?”

“Sure.”

“Let me go now, and that’s the last time until we have sex—after dinner. I’ll still probably end up holding it around the housemates.”

“Sounds good—if you finish your water bottle before we go downstairs.”

“Deal.”

Parker’s board-game experience hadn’t gone much farther than a few rounds of Settlers of Catan, but Zach and Cara had a much more extensive collection than that. Since every game was unfamiliar to him, Parker promptly appointed himself Meagan’s teammate/assistant, which freed up a lot of his attention. He knew the majority of it would be elsewhere soon.

Meagan was very focused on the game, however, and despite steady sipping, she showed no signs of need. Still, Parker felt sure she was going to get very desperate later in the evening, since she was dutifully plowing through her newly-refilled water bottle.

“You’re being so good, drinking all that water,” Zephyr said.

“I got a little dehydrated yesterday,” Meagan said, without batting an eye.

With a lot of players, and a fair number of first-time players, the first game took about an hour and a half. Meagan finished a distant fourth and immediately demanded a rematch. The winner (Zach) agreed, but suggested that they postpone it until later, so as not to bore the rest of the group. They switched to a crazy Western-themed card game (gunslingers and sheriffs and so on) and played a quick round. Since the mechanics weren’t too complex, Parker jumped in for the second round. But his concentration was thrown off a little when Meagan whispered in his ear, “So the answer to your question is ‘yes’—just for your benefit.”

During the second round of the game, the beer came out, and Meagan had one in addition to her water. Since one of the cards in the game was literally “Beer,” they house-ruled that every time one of them played that card, they had to take a drink of their actual beverage. Meagan knocked back plenty, but hadn’t quite finished either her bottle or her beer when she was knocked out of the game. Quickly bored, she said, “You know what we need?”

“What?”

“Nachos!” And she went off to make some. Parker had a clear view as his lover danced around the kitchen. Was she just enjoying the music Trav was playing? Was she just showing off for him? Or was she really desperate already? He suspected it was a little bit of all three.

The nachos went fast and only whetted people’s appetite. So someone put in a call for pizza (it was maybe a little early for dinner, only 5:30, but when it’s pizza, who cares?) and they played another round of the Western game while they waited for the delivery. Meagan and Parker were together on a team, finally, and won—even though Parker had been knocked out early on, Meagan triumphed for them both—and to celebrate their triumph, Meagan cracked open a second beer. Then the pizza arrived and game-playing was put on hold for a while.

After the pizza, most people wanted to switch over to watching TV, but Meagan pointed at Zach and said, “We have unfinished business, you and I.” As Zach set up the rematch game, Meagan gave Parker’s arm a squeeze to hint that the two of them had unfinished business as well.

Parker pretended to watch the show on the TV, but his attention was entirely on the show in the other room. Meagan was definitely needing to go now; she’d gone to lockdown. Also she was standing, not sitting, and occasionally moving around a bit more than the game really required. It was apparently a very different game with just two players, and while Zach was clearly gaining the upper hand, Meagan was giving him a real run for his money. Parker came over frequently to “check on the game,” but really to express his appreciation for Meagan with a caress or a kiss.

As the show-watching progressed into a third episode, Meagan was fighting for her life—at least in the game. She was fidgeting a little, but no more than that. Still, Parker knew that a fidget from Meagan was as good as a pee-dance from some weaker woman. (Zephyr, say.) And after two beers and all that water, it was only to be expected. Meagan’s game-play became increasingly desperate, and Zach seized the advantage. Parker moved behind Meagan to hug her “in a show of support”—but really so she could feel his hard-on up against her butt, and so he could hide that hard-on from any onlookers.

“I really don’t see a way you can win this,” Zach said.

“Probably not, but let’s play it out,” Meagan said. Parker squeezed her shoulder—the closest he could come to showing his utter delight.

It took another ten minutes to wrap up, and then finally Meagan shook Zach’s hand and thanked him for a game well-won.

“Want to play something else?” Zach said. “The night’s young.”

“Yeah, but I’m a little tired,” Meagan said. “And I’ve got class in the morning.” She turned to Parker. “Coming?”

“Sure,” he replied, casually, as if it didn’t really matter. But their eyes met. Hers were dancing—with a faint undercurrent of strain.

Parker followed her upstairs—he grabbed every opportunity he could find to walk behind her and admire the view. At the top, Meagan made a melodramatic gesture of longing—toward the bathroom. And before he could remark on it, she turned the other way, into their room, and whirled to face him as he came in after her and closed the door behind him.

She tackled him with a hug and a kiss. It lingered a long time. She ground her body against him, to his astonishment and delight. Less astonishing, but even more delightful, she stood up on tiptoe to whisper in his ear: “I’m absolutely bursting.”

“I know,” he said. “All that water, and all that beer…”

“I would have resigned half an hour ago if not for you,” she said, crossing her legs.

“I just loved it when you said you wanted to play it out to the end.”

“Thought you might.” She broke away, twirled in a desperate dance, and started stripping. “I don’t know if I can hold it and fit you in me,” she said, quietly, apologetic.

Watching her unhook her bra, Parker said, “Can I come in your boobs?”

“Sure!” She held still, squeezing her legs tight together. “How do you want me to pee?”

“Hmmmmm… not sure.”

“Can we think of something quick?” she asked.

“I’m trying to.”

“Here, let’s not waste time,” she said, and started pulling his shirt off. As he pondered the pee dilemma, she went down on her knees, slid a hand under her own waistband, and undid the fly of his shorts. She stripped him down, letting his clothes slide to the floor. His boxers got piled up on her knees. She kissed his cock—tip, shaft, base—and cupped his balls in her hand. The other one was firmly wedged between her thighs, shifting slightly as she fingered herself. He shivered and sighed; she shivered and smiled. He looked down and saw her looking back up at him, eyes on fire, lips parted.

“I can never get enough of how hard this makes you,” she whispered. “How much this makes you want me.”

“So much,” he agreed, breathlessly.

“I could tease you all day. Except I’m maybe ten minutes from wetting my shorts.”

“Ten minutes? Practically forever. You barely need to go.”

“Mmm,” she said. “Well, then, you barely need to come.”

“Are you threatening me?” he said.

“Nah. Direct comparison. How much do you need to come in me?” she said, cupping a boob with a free hand in demonstration.

“So much.”

“Well, I need to pee at least as much as you need to come.” She sucked lightly on the tip of his cock, her eyes still locked on his.

“How much?” he said.

“Hmm?”

“How much do you need to pee?”

“Oh, it’s really bad.”

“I know how I want you to go, but I wanna know if you need to go badly enough to be willing to do it.”

“Try me,” she said, “since it’s trying to slip out right now.”

“Out the window.”

“Onto the roof?” she said, stroking him since her mouth was occupied.

“Yeah. While I’m between your breasts. Once a long time ago you said we could try that someday. Someday is today.”

She thought about it, her hand still idly stroking. “My bare ass hanging out for all the world to see?”

“Yep. But with all the rain, I doubt anyone will be looking.”

“Good point. Mmkay! Take the screen off…”

He stepped out of the puddle of his shorts and padded over to the window. He raised the blind and slid the sash up as far as it would go, feeling oddly sexy that he was revealing his rampant erection to the world. The warm wet wind felt delicious on his bare skin. Meagan came over beside him, hand still in her shorts, squirming. “Hurry,” she whispered. He pried the screen out of the window frame with clumsy fingers, and felt the spray of the rain as he pulled it free.

Meagan dropped her shorts, swung around, lifted herself up onto the broad windowsill with her arms, and scooted her butt out into the rain. “Oh, shit,” she said, wincing.

“Can’t hold it?” he said, stepping close to her and caressing her thigh. “The rain and that angle must be making it nearly impossible.”

She locked eyes with him again, with a determined smile. “I promised I won’t pee until you come. So I won’t.”

He teased her a moment or two longer. He bent to kiss her—forehead, nose, cheek, lips. He slid a finger down the side of her neck. And then he made her wait while he stepped over to the bed and grabbed the lube. He took great pleasure in gently rubbing it between her breasts and on his cock as she watched with desperate eyes. She was shivering with the effort of holding now, but she knew what he was doing and didn’t beg.

Until she did. “Hurry,” she whispered. She held onto the windowsill with one hand and used the other to press her breasts together. He slid his cock into the beautifully smooth, beautifully wet valley she offered him, hands on her shoulders. It was a strange angle—but she was so sexy, so desperate, her ass out in the rain but not letting a drop fall. He thrust deep and slow. He could feel her heart pounding, could feel her quivering. The wind was playing with her hair across her shoulders.

“I love you,” he said. “So much.”

She kissed his chest, and then nuzzled him.

Somehow that little gesture of love was best of all. He picked up the pace for her sake. The angle did not make it easy—but still, it did not take long before he was shivering and gasping too.

“That’s right,” she said. “Come on me. Come on, lover.”

He did.

She bent her head quickly and took the tip of his cock in her mouth, swallowing what he gave her. His fingers ran through her hair, tugging gently, insistently. He shuddered one more time, then drew himself out from the embrace of her breasts. He bent over, kissed the top of her head, and said, “Let go.”

She did.

He could feel her shiver one more time—this time with relief—and then felt the tension drain out of her. Her shoulders sagged, and she gave a little breathless moan. He could hear the hiss of her stream hitting the shingles of the porch roof. But when he looked out, her piss was completely indistinguishable from the rain running down to the gutter.

The sound of her stream tapered off, stopped.

He pulled her up and out of the window, hugging her fiercely, kissing her shoulders, her back, her thighs, every part of her, until she shivered and sighed and laughed and went weak at the knees and he caught her as she nearly fell. They rolled onto the floor together, feeling the rain still coming through the open window falling on their bare skin.

“You amaze me,” Parker whispered in her ear, between kisses.

“ ‘Sometimes I amaze even myself,’ ” she replied.

“I love you so, so much. Beyond words.”

“Me too. That’s why… I don’t bother… to talk… when I’m… making out,” she said, her sentence also punctuated by kisses. “Also that’s why I hold it for you until I burst. A piss is worth a thousand words.”

“At least. Ah, fuck, I love you so much and want you so much… I want to be in you again…”

“That ain’t happening for a while, I think.”

“No. Of course not. But—” he slid two fingers between her inner lips “—these never get soft.”

“Mmmmmmmmm. Ordinarily I’d say no, let’s just go to sleep, but somehow…”

He made love to her again, the storm still blowing outside, the raindrops still landing on their skin. She cried out into the wind.

###

I wish I knew when I'll have the next story posted. It could take a while. But my motivation was up today and I'm so glad I got this written for y'all. Maybe I'll get the next story started tomorrow.

If you're pining for more Meagan & Parker, though, and just can't wait -- PM me for Seasons 1 and 2! Available for trade and polite requests.

