Caught Short in the Act (Meagan and Parker)

Author: Weasel

*000*2025-01-01 17:51

Hey, y'all. I can't say "I'm back!" because I never really left, but I definitely haven't been around as much. And I haven't posted a story in a while, I think. But here's an all-new Meagan and Parker story for y'all! It's a New Year's Day miracle!

(If you have no idea who Meagan and Parker are, here's the short version: desperation and hold-it in a consenting loving relationship, but the relationship part keeps getting bigger as we follow our characters through college. The long version... well, how much time do you have? You could start from the beginning if you want!) (edited to add: I forgot I put most of the story all in one spot a few years ago.)

Yes, I keep saying I've got to wrap the series up, and I keep not doing it. All good things must come to an end... someday... But at least this story is a one-shot: what you see is what you get, no more to it.

And yet I can't say "No more coming," though, because I did have an idea for a longer story... and I've started writing it...

Let's see, what kind of recap do we need? (Spoiler-phobic newbies, avert your eyes!)

Meagan and Parker are happily partnered and raising their three-year-old daughter. This poses some challenges. I don't name the daughter for slightly silly reasons.

The other thing you need to remember is that one year in college they both shared a house with Meagan's former roommate Dacy. You also need to remember that Dacy is (a) really hot, (b) has sometimes been desperate around Parker, and (c) once innocently told him a story about wetting her running shorts.

All right, let's get down to it.

###

"Caught Short in the Act"

They’d thought they were safe.

The kitchen wasn’t clean, the bills weren’t paid (although at least they were payable), the living room was a disaster—but the kiddo was in bed, and Meagan had come out of the kiddo’s room and whispered in Parker’s ear, “Mission accomplished. But wanna know something?”

“Hmm?”

“I’ve had to pee since we sat down to dinner.”

“Is that for my benefit?”

“Mmhmm!”

And she’d pulled him close and stroked him hard and whispered, “I gotta go pretty bad, but I don’t think I’m too full; wanna come in me while I’m holding?”

“Well, that’s an offer I can’t refuse. You’re thinking shower?”

“Mmhmm.”

And, moving quickly for a variety of reasons (this had been a definite “strike while the iron is hot” situation), she’d taken his clothes off, and taken her clothes off, and lubed him up, and bent over her vibrator as he slid into her.

“You feel so good when we do this,” Meagan had whispered.

“You feel so tight when we do this,” Parker had replied.

And they been building and building and then—

Shrieks from the bedroom.

“Fuck,” Meagan whispered, through her panting.

“I’m close, do you think…?” Parker whispered despite his better judgment.

“No time. But stay hard for me, lover—whoa, red alert!”

And Parker realized that yes, the screams were coming closer. The girlchild wasn’t waiting for help, and they had about two seconds before they were discovered. They had closed the bathroom door, thank goodness, but hadn’t bothered with the shower curtain—and now the doorknob was turning, because the Offspring had learned about doorknobs but hadn’t yet learned about boundaries.

Parker pulled out fast as Meagan thrust her vibe into his hands. Meagan jumped out of the shower—a much safer move than usual, since they hadn’t run the water at all—and flung the curtain closed behind her rather than reaching for a towel. Which meant that Parker was standing in a bone-dry shower with a vibrator in his hand and a raging hard-on that was dripping with lube, while his butt-naked and bursting lover bent gingerly down to pick up their crying child. It would have been hilarious. Actually, it was hilarious, because thankfully the kiddo hadn’t actually seen any of the sex, and so all was well—but Parker was too frustrated-horny to laugh. Which was good, because a laugh might have required an explanation he didn’t want to make.

“What’s wrong, baby?” Meagan asked, straightening up again.

The Offspring informed her that there’d been a bad dream.

Shit, Parker thought. He should have known those were nightmare shrieks. The nightmares were uncommon, but would require a lot more soothing than just a glass of water. Meagan was taking the kiddo back to bed, but the bed process would take some time.

She told me to stay hard for her, but they do tell us erections lasting more than four hours aren’t healthy…

Actually, the hard-on problem was solving itself in the absence of Meagan’s desperate naked body. But Parker felt a certain ache in his balls. Wow, am I really blue-balling? Doesn’t seem long enough. But when he thought back, it really had been a while since the last sex.

And with that, a memory surfaced…

Six years earlier…

“Can I be in you?” Parker asked, panting.

“I’m too full for that,” Meagan replied.

“Boobs?”

“Sorry, I don’t wanna have to take a shower again. Can we just give each other hand jobs tonight? It’ll be quieter, too.” The squeak of bedsprings was audible throughout Franklin House, and it was late enough that turning on music loud enough to cover the sound would not endear them to all their housemates.

“That sounds kinda hot right now, actually,” Parker said, finding the wetness between her legs. Not wet with piss, her mighty muscles held all that contained; not even wet with lube, as they hadn’t even opened the bottle. That wetness was all-natural. Echoing his line of thought without knowing it, Meagan locked eyes with him, dipped her own fingers into herself for a few strokes, and then brought those fingers around to stroke his cock.

“I gotta pee so bad,” Meagan whispered in his ear. “And I could just go right now. Pee jar’s under the bed. But I’m gonna hold it, because it makes you so, so hard…”

“I love you,” Parker whispered back.

“Yeah you do,” Meagan said. “Mmm, a little lower please?”

“Sorry.”

“It’s fine, you found it again. Mmmmmmm, yes…”

A door slammed, the stairway clattered and creaked under running feet, and then there was a thundering knock at their door.

“Go away, we’re busy,” Meagan said—but quietly, just for Parker’s ears.

“We didn’t put a sock up…”

“We shouldn’t have to, it’s our room!”

Another frantic knock, and then Dacy’s voice: “Meagan? Meagan, please, can I talk to you?”

“She sounds really upset,” Meagan whispered, then raised her voice loud enough so her friend outside could hear her. “Uh, sure, but can you give—?”

That was apparently the wrong way to phrase it—or maybe Dacy heard what she wanted to hear—because the second Meagan said “sure,” her friend and former roommate burst into the room.

There was no time to hide. Dacy saw what was happening on the bed and stopped, hand still on the door, frozen for a second—and then she whirled away and burst into tears.

Meagan got out of bed and hurried to Dacy’s side. Even in his mortification, Parker couldn’t help but notice the hotness of his lover’s bare body—and the fact that his lover was totally on lockdown, fighting hard against her full bladder. Parker covered his lap with a sheet and looked for his sweatpants, but realized that both were too thin to hide much.

“What’s wrong?” Meagan was asking, and Dacy was sobbing “I’m sorry, I’m sorry” over and over again, and Meagan glanced over her shoulder at Parker with a helpless grimace at the whole situation.

It took a few minutes to get the story out of Dacy, during which time Meagan put on her bathrobe and Parker tried to hide his ongoing erection. Ongoing, because the whole time Dacy was sobbing into her shoulder, Meagan was desperately trying to hold. She was now beyond the lockdown stage and into the crossed-legs stage. She did manage to subtly maneuver Dacy so her friend was looking away from the bed, for which Parker was grateful.

Gradually it came out that Dacy and Clark had had a giant fight, and Dacy was convinced that the man she’d thought she was going to marry was instead about to dump her. It also became clear that Dacy was going to retell the entire fight, blow by blow. Before too much of this, Meagan interrupted. “Dacy, sweetie, I will be able to focus on this conversation a lot more if I can go use the bathroom first.” She looked to Parker and mouthed the word, Sorry!

This started Dacy off on another crying jag, as she was incredibly apologetic about the interruption and how the drama in her love life was now ruining Meagan’s, and Meagan had to interrupt again. “Dacy, it’s okay, but I’m seriously about to piss myself. Like, running down my legs.”

“I kinda need to go, too,” Dacy said.

“All right, then, let’s go. But I get to pee first.” Meagan eased both of them out of the room and closed the door behind them.

Parker, contemplating the prospect of both Meagan and Dacy peeing, briefly thought he could finish himself off by maintaining that mental image… but he decided to wait in hopes Meagan would return.

She didn’t, not for a long, long time.

Meagan finally came back in and closed the door. “Oh, lover,” she said, shrugging out of the bathrobe, “I am so, so sorry. And I am also so grateful for you.”

“That bad, huh?” Parker said, looking up from his book.

“No, I actually think they can get through it. But it reminded me that everything can just go up in smoke in the blink of an eye.” She crawled into bed and cuddled up against him, laying her head on his chest. He hardened immediately, but Meagan didn’t seem to notice, eyes distant, running one finger down his arm over and over.

Eventually, however, his erection became impossible to miss. “Sorry again,” she whispered, “but I’m really not in the mood right now. I just wanna hold you.”

“It’s okay,” he said, although he was starting to feel a bit of an ache in his balls.

“I owe you one,” she said, and kissed his chest. They cuddled like that until the arm she was lying on fell asleep.

And back to the present day…

Lube washed off and hard-on suppressed, Parker threw on his sweats and t-shirt and went to lend a hand with the job of soothing the girlchild to sleep.

“Do you want papa to read you a story?” Meagan asked. The Offspring said yes to this, and Meagan began the process of disentangling herself for the handoff—but that triggered another shriek of protest. Apparently the kiddo wanted papa to read a story and she wanted mama to stay. Parker caught Meagan’s eye and mouthed Good try. Meagan rolled her eyes and gave a desperate little grimace. As Parker sat down on by the bed to read, he noticed his partner was sitting on her heel.

After a couple false starts they managed to get her all the way asleep again. Ninjas would have been proud of their efforts at stealth as they tried to get the light off, slip out of the room, and close the door behind them without setting the Offspring off again. But they succeeded.

Meagan collapsed into Parker’s arms. “Fuck, I thought she’d never go down,” she whispered.

“You good?”

“Yeah. Just tired. And desperately needing to pee.”

“Well then, where were we?” Parker murmured. And then, picking up on the energy, he quickly added, “Or can we not get back there tonight?”

“I wish I could, but I just wanna piss and call it a night,” she replied. “I do wish I could, though. We need more sex… I owe you one.”

This unknowing echo of the memory made Parker snort.

“What?”

“Not doubting you. I just was remembering that time that Dacy interrupted us.”

“Oh, god, that was hilarious! I mean, mortifying and humiliating and exhausting at the time, but hilarious now. I ended up sitting on the bathtub as she used the toilet, and then we just stayed there for ages as she talked, and my butt was so sore by the time she was finished.”

“You weren’t the only one sore,” Parker said. “I was seriously blue-balling that night.”

“Really?” Meagan asked with interest. “You didn’t tell me.”

“Should I have? Is that part of the turn-on for you? Controlling me so much it hurts?”

“Mmmm, no, not quite,” she mused. “It’s like you said once about pissing my pants. It’s major evidence that what you like had been happening. I like controlling when you come, but I don’t like hurting you when I do it.”

“Too late!”

“Well duh—ten years too late.”

“No, I meant tonight.”

“What, right now?”

He gave a half-shrug. “Little bit.”

“We gotta take care of that, then,” Meagan said. “And then I won’t owe you one after all.”

“Actually…”

“What now?”

“I think you said that the time with Dacy, too.”

“Really? Did I ever pay up?”

“Not that I can remember. That was a tough year.”

“Tough, but we were tougher. Hmmmmmmm.”

“What?”

“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?”

“ ‘Uh, I think so, Brain—but this time, you wear the tutu.’ ”

“I would if I though it would help,” she said. “No, silly. What I was thinking was that I should finally pay you back. Something special, right now. And I have an idea…”

“Right now?”

“Well, the thought of making you wait ten years for a climax is suddenly making me want to pick up where we left off. And I still have to piss like a racehorse.”

“Back to the shower?”

“No, after all this time I’d never be able to fit you in. Bedroom.”

“So what’s special?”

“Mmmmmm. I just had this vision: you, me—and Dacy.”

“Um. Are you sure?”

“We’re happily partnered. She’s happily married. And we don’t swap. This is just a harmless little fantasy.”

“But when she had to pee at her wedding, you never told me the story.”

“That’s because I didn’t have her consent to tell it. You don’t need consent to fantasize. Seriously, boy, I’m trying to get you all hot and bothered by the thought of two bursting and beautiful babes, and you’re getting cold feet!” She sat down on the edge of their bed, then immediately bounced up again and crossed her legs. “Actually, go grab us a towel. Just in case.”

When he returned with the towel, she spread it out and lay down on it, crossing her legs again. “C’mere,” she said, stretching out her arms. He did as he was told.

“Feel me up,” she whispered in his ear. “Especially feel how full I am.”

“You must be bursting.”

“I am. I really am. But now I want you to imagine I’ve gotta go this much. Except Dacy’s with us and she has to go exactly as bad. And we’re somewhere we can’t. We just can’t. So desperate, no place to go…”

“Where, exactly?”

“I’m gonna need some help filling in the details. This is a team effort. Especially since we need to imagine this fast. We’ve got, like five minutes max before I explode.”

“Outdoor music festival. Big crowd. Beer and lowered inhibitions. The most popular band in the lineup just finished a big set and everyone’s heading to the porta-potties. But we were on the wrong side of the stage and we’ve got farther to walk.”

“Mmmm. What are we wearing?”

“Cutoff jeans. Yours are a little longer and looser than Dacy’s, which are pretty tight. And up above… you’ve got on a bikini top. Dacy’s wearing a t-shirt from the band, tied in the back so she’s doing the bare midriff thing. And no bra.”

“Of course not, with her bustline, not in a sex fantasy… So we get to the lines for the porta-potties and they are already a hundred deep for each one. It’s mostly women, too, since the men see how long the lines are and go elsewhere. Some of the women are going elsewhere, too. The rest of the women in line are obviously pretty full. A lot of pee-dancing. Does anyone wet their pants?”

“A few. Just to show how bad it is.”

“Right. And one or two just pop a squat right there in the line, they can’t wait. Mmmm, I’m loving how hard you are already.”

“In the fantasy, or right now?”

“Both,” Meagan said, stroking him. “Your hard-on is this massive bulge on your jeans shorts. Dacy says ‘There’s no way I can wait in that line and I don’t wanna pee myself—’ ”

“Again…”

“What?”

“That time when she was running.”

“Right. And I say ‘We gotta go find an alley or something.’ So we start hurrying. Are we holding ourselves?”

“Dacy definitely is. Do you think you are?”

“If we’re saying that I have to go in the fantasy as bad as I have to go right now… well, you can see for yourself.”

“Is there any way I can return the favor for what you’re doing right now?”

“Not when I’m double-knotting my legs like this. But I’m rubbing my clit a little. Talk fast.”

“So we get away from the venue, but now we see where all the men were going. Every alley’s got guys pissing. Some women, too, but you and Dacy don’t want to drop your shorts in front of strangers.”

“Okay, but just FYI, if this were a real situation I’m absolutely at the level where I would pee in an alley with strangers… mmmm, did that get a reaction?”

“Oh yeah. So we decide to walk back to our car. Dacy’s running ahead of us and then turning around and bouncing…”

“Of course she is.”

“You’re bouncing a lot too. That bikini top isn’t doing much for you.”

“Mmm, that makes three of us, because your cock is also on a yo-yo string.”

“Dacy’s begging us to hurry up.”

“Now we’re in a part of town where there aren’t even alleys anymore, just wall-to-wall buildings. Are we getting close to our car?”

“Another few blocks at least.”

“Dacy’s not gonna piss herself, right?”

“No. Are you? In real life, I mean?”

“Ummm… we’ll see! Okay, so Dacy gets to her breaking point. She freezes and says, ‘I just leaked. I can’t hold it, I’ve gotta go right now.’ And she runs over to a lamppost, unzips her shorts, and leans back against the post to piss, right there in full view.”

“Do you wanna join her?”

“Of course I do. But wait, there’s a police car! Dacy, you gotta stop!”

“She does, but she can’t zip her cutoffs all the way up, and definitely can’t do the top button. She’s crying—no, I don’t like that. The ridiculousness of the situation hits all of us and we start laughing.”

“And then Dacy and I have to double over and double-cross and grab ourselves to stop from spurting.”

“We need to get to the car right now. But if you try to run, you’ll spurt again.”

“Dacy says, ‘I already leaked, I’m just gonna book it.’ So we all run, and I’m swearing like a sailor, and I tell you ‘Every step is torture’. But we… fuck.”

“What’s wrong?”

“I just leaked for real.”

“Wanna go in the bathroom?”

“We’re not done here yet.”

“Speedrun it.”

“We get to the parking lot. Dacy’s ahead of us at the car already, doing this absolutely frantic pee dance, and her boobs are just all over the place. ‘Where are we gonna go?’ she asks, and I say, ‘We’re not driving anywhere, we won’t make it. We’re peeing right here between cars,’ and Dacy barely gets out of sight, she just yanks her shorts and panties down right there by the front wheel. I have to step around her when I get there, and the sound of her pissing is enough to set me off. She’s moaning, laughing, so relieved—”

“Aw, fuck. I’m sorry, love…”

“What’s wrong?”

“I’m gonna come…”

Meagan pulled the towel out from under her lightning-fast and held it up to catch his explosion. “Wow, you were holding a lot, too! You kinda needed that, huh?” she asked.

“Yeah, I really did!”

“Then it’s my turn my turn my turn!” She jumped up off the bed, took two steps for the door, froze, whirled around, grabbed the towel from him, and thrust it between her legs. A moment later there was a sound like turning on a faucet or a hose.

“Fuck,” she whispered. Her eyes went half-lidded.

“I don’t think that towel’s gonna hold it all,” Parker pointed out.

“Well, I can’t hold it all either,” she said. “But I’ll try… to… stop…”

It took a moment, but she managed to squeeze off her flow. “Shit shit shit,” she whispered, legs dancing once more. “It felt great for a second, but now I gotta go just as bad again.” She tossed the towel in the laundry hamper and hurried for the bathroom. Parker followed.

She sat down on the toilet and gestured frantically to him to shut the bathroom door behind him. As soon as he did, she gestured again for him to come over and watch. Two steps and he was there, and her piss gushed out as soon as he was by her side.

Parker crouched down beside her and kissed her. “I love you so much,” he whispered.

She grinned wearily. “I know. Good?”

“Good. Your turn for coming?”

“Not now, I’m exhausted,” she said. “And letting all that out at last felt pretty fuckin’ good all by itself. But if you’re really concerned about it, you can make it up to me later…”

“I am. Unlike some people I can name, however, I won’t take six years to pay you back.”

“I’m not worried. ‘Cause I know you. And I love you too. And now: bedtime.”

“You got it.”

###

There you have it, folks! I hope you enjoyed not one but two little snippets. I thought of the title and couldn't resist writing a story to match it... then I came up with two different ideas and couldn't resist combining them.

Until next time, folks. It may be a while, but it won't be forever.

*006*2025-01-31 15:19

{{On 1/11/2025 at 5:19 AM, ola93 said:

@Weasel's back? Megan and Parker are back? I loved this as always.

}}

Not back a lot, I gotta admit. And the rest of my life has gone absolutely berserk so writing isn't easy. But ideas are starting to flow again...

