Linda: Chapter 5

Author: wettingplay

*000*2011-05-08 20:45

It was a Friday night. Linda was in her room watching TV. Alison had gone out to a party, but Linda decided to stay home. It was 11:30, and Linda was wearing dark blue PJ trousers and her loose blue T-shirt with no underwear underneath. Linda sipped her tea and kept watching TV. At 12:30 the programme she was watching ended, and she had finished her drink. Linda popped to the loo, then got in bed. She didn't have any pullups left so she was being extra careful. She had even asked Alison to wake her when she got back so she could wee again in the night. She curled up, put her thumb in her mouth, and drifted off.

At about 3 in the morning Linda awoke to a soft knocking on her door. It was Alison. Linda got up and opened her door. Alison was wearing dark blue, skin tight, jeans and a black tube top.

"Hello you.." Alison said, swaying from being drunk. She stumbled in the room, wrapping her arms around Linda in an embrace. She pulled Linda close, and thrust her hips out, pushing her groin against Linda's.

"Hi" Linda timidly replied.

Alison spun the two of the round, leaned herself against Linda's desk, and pulled Linda closer while opening her own legs. Alison moved her hands down Linda's back and grabbed her bum.

"You'r not wearing any pants" Alison giggled, pulling Linda's left thigh between her legs.

Alison held Linda tight for a moment.

"Good night then?" Linda asked.

"Yes" Alison snapped out of her daydream.

"Do you need a wee" Alison asked, remembering her reason for waking Linda in the first place.

Linda considered for a moment. She did have a slight tingle in her bladder.

"Yea, good idea" Linda replied, catching Alison throwing a glance down her top.

"You gonna let me go?" Linda asked with a giggle.

"Oh yea, sorry" Alison snapped out of her drunken state and let go of Linda.

"Wait here" Linda said, "You need a drink of water"

"Thanks" Alison replied, throwing another glance don Linda's top. Linda noticed this and left the room with an bemused smile.

Linda went into the toilet and sat herself down. She pulled her trousers to her ankles and lifted the t-shirt slightly. She pushed a little wee out, as much as she could, and wiped herself then headed to the kitchen. Linda picked up a pint glass from the cupboard and filled it from the tap. She then headed back to her room.

Alison was sitting on Linda's bed nursing one of her feet.

"OK?" Linda asked.

"Yea, my feet are just aching from dancing all night" She replied.

Linda handed Alison the glass of water and sat down next to her, taking hold of the foot she was nursing and giving it a massage.

Alison smiled, "Thank you", and sipped the water.

Ten minutes later Alison pulled away her first foot and put her other one in Linda's lap. Alison had rested her foot very high in Linda's lap, and the heel of her foot was pressing against Linda's groin. Linda massaged and noticed Alison getting sleepy. Alison finished off the water and lay down. She closed her eyes and started drifting to sleep. Linda lay down next to her and Alison rolled over to cuddle her, pushing her left leg between Linda's in the process. Alison squeezed her groin against Linda's thigh and rested her head on Linda's chest, using her breasts as a pillow. Linda wrapped her left arm around Alison and completed the loop by putting her thumb in her mouth. The two of them fell asleep cradled in each others arms.

Linda awoke a few hours later. Alison was unconsciously gyrating her hips, rubbing her pussy against Linda's thigh. In the process, Linda's clit was getting a good massaging from Alison's leg. Linda suddenly realised that she was bursting for a wee. Gently she pulled herself away from Alison and crept to the loo. She sat down and began to release, the warm relief spreading between her legs.

Linda soon realised that she was having her usual accident. The pee was trickling out from between her legs and soaking Alison's thigh. The pee soaked into Alison's jeans and trickled between Linda's legs, collecting under her bum. Linda desperately tried to stop the flow, but her legs where being kept apart by Alison's thigh. She squeezed herself with her hand, causing the urine to spill out over a wider area. The warm pee flooded past her fingers. Linda's eyes got all watery and she began to whimper gently. Alison had not yet awoken.

A few moments later Alison awoke to find Linda curled up next to her sobbing. Her thigh was still between Linda's leg, and realising what had happened, she gave Linda a tight cuddle.

"There, there" Alison comforted Linda.

"Lets go to my room" she continued.

Linda was too upset to respond. Instead she cuddled Alison tighter. Alison pulled herself away gently and held Linda by the hand. She led her quickly to her room.

Alison opened the door and led Linda into her room. She pulled down Linda's trousers and took off her top. Linda was still sobbing too much to do this herself. Alison took a wet wipe and cleaned Linda up a bit, then put her in bed.

Alison then stripped off her jeans to reveal her black lacy knickers. She checked these with her hands and found them to be wet on the side. She pulled them down and put them in the pile with her jeans and Linda's cloths. Alison then took off her tube top, which had also become wet, revealing her bare little breasts.

Linda looked through her misty eyes at Alison's naked body. Alison was still swaying, probably still drunk from the night before.

"I'm sorry" Linda sobbed.

Alison stumbled over to sit by Linda's side.

"It's ok. It was only an accident." Alison reassured her. Alison then lay down next to her and began stroking the back of her neck the way she liked. Linda rolled over to hide her tears. Alison continued to stroke Linda's neck, and wrapped one of her arms around Linda. She stroked Linda's tummy for a bit, slowly moving down towards Linda's Groin. Alison brought her hand to rest just above Linda's pubic hair, massaging the area gently with her fingers. Linda drifted into a deep sleep.

