Reagan’s University desperation

Author: writtingnow21

*000*2021-10-26 21:37

This is my first post on here. Any feedback and constructive criticism is appreciated. Also if someone would be willing to make an illustrated come of this, let me know! Enjoy!!!

###

Reagan had no time to shower after her morning workout because the timer that was supposed to let her know when it was an hour before class never went off. Normally she had the timer set so she could shower and change out of her workout clothes before going to class but she forgot to set it this morning so she just sprayed her deodorant, filled her large hydro flask full of water, wolfed down a protein bar, grabbed her school stuff, and headed out of her apartment to her class. She got there right before the class started and sat down at her desk right next to the door. She felt self-conscious about what she was wearing which was her grey Nike short running shorts with a lime green outline (over her grey panties), a t-shirt, and running shoes.

Before the class was halfway through she had drunk half of the 32 oz of water in her hydro flask and eventually her bladder reminded her that she hadn’t peed in several hours and would need to go soon. The class seemed to be a little longer than usual and she could feel her bladder growing increasingly full as the time passed. When the class ended, Reagan had only 15 minutes to get to her next class so she didn’t have time to go to the restroom (she had a shy bladder and didn’t like to use public restrooms anyway).

This was Reagan’s last class of the day, it was an American history class. The teacher was lecturing about the prohibition. As the class went on, she found it increasingly difficult to pay attention because her bladder was getting really full and she was constantly crossing her legs and shifting around trying to keep pressure on her urethra and off her bladder. By the end of the class,

Reagan had to pee so bad she couldn’t even sit still at all. When the professor did finally dismiss the class, Reagan quickly shoved her notes into her bag and was about to leave when the professor called her name. She walked over to the professor’s desk, thinking to herself “fuck, why does he have to talk to me now!”

“Reagan, you seemed a little off today, are you alright?”

“Yes sir,” she was standing with one foot slightly in front of the other squeezing her legs together in an effort to not show that she was holding a full bladder.

“Alright Reagan,” said the professor after a while, “keep up the good work in my class” “Yes sir!”

Reagan was powerwalking back to her apartment (where the only restroom that she felt comfortable using was) when her phone dinged. It was her friend Sky saying “Rea, wya? We were supposed to meet with our study group in the library to prepare for the test coming up in psychology”. Reagan cursed under her breath, she had completely forgotten. Her bladder would have to wait, she promised to be at the study group that afternoon.

Reagan got to the library and sat down at the table with sky and the rest of the group. Her bladder was throbbing as she did so but she did her best to hide the desperation. As they went over the notes, Reagan noticed that her bladder was bulging. She was sitting with one hand between her crossed legs. “I have to pee so bad, why didn’t I just go after class like a normal person, I don’t know how much longer I can hold it for”. Suddenly, an intense wave of desperation hit her, and she quickly hold herself with both hands, despite this, she felt a jet of piss spurt into her panties and could feel the small, warm, damp patch through her shorts. “Hey, I’ll be right back, I’m going to use the restroom real quick” without waiting for a response, she made her way to the women’s restroom.

Reagan’s bladder was throbbing more intensely now. She had to pee so bad she didn’t even bother trying to hide her desperation. She had both hands between her legs as she got to the restroom. When she got to the restroom door, she gasped as she saw the sign that read “under maintenance, sorry for the inconvenience”

“Noooo she moaned under her breath” she was hit by another wave of desperation and this time two long spurts escaped her throbbing urethra and she had to cross her legs where she stood, bent double to regain control. “I’ve got to find another restroom” she was walking as fast as she could while holding and she felt a drop trickle down the back of her leg. She paused to check herself. The crotch of her shorts had a dark, wet, patch the size of a tennis ball. She hurried on her way. She couldn’t recall where the other restroom was.

Reagan was sweating from the effort of holding it as she walked past the rows of study cubicles. “Let me find the restroom soon, I’m about to piss myself,” she thought. Suddenly, she was hit by the biggest wave of desperation yet. She gasped as a large amount of pee shot out of her urethra and leaked into her hands that were still between her legs. Not knowing what to do, reagan quickly ran into the nearest empty cubicle. She was leaking nonstop and she saw a trashcan with a plastic bag in the cubicle. She went to reach for it but then her bladder spasmed and she yelped as she felt the pee burst out of her urethra. She tried frantically to stop the flow but couldn’t. 

Her legs buckled and she slowly sank to the floor as pee ran down her legs and streamed through her panties and shorts. The carpet under her had a large wet patch and the pee just kept on flowing out. By this point, all Reagan could think about was how amazing the relief felt as her bladder emptied into her clothes and onto the floor. Finally, the last bits of pee trickled out of her urethra and she just sighed in a combination of both relief and shame. Whenever she stood up, her legs were shaking and she was a little unsteady.

She also felt oddly aroused now too. She checked her phone that somehow stayed dry and there was another message from Sky saying “Hey, you were away for a while and I figured that you might be having your monthly so we decided to wrap up the session for today. Hope you’re ok!” Reagan was glad she didn’t have to face her friend after her accident and went to the study table, grabbed her stuff, and returned to her apartment. Also, fortunately for her, her shirt was long enough to cover her shorts so nobody could really tell what had happened.

Reagans_University_Desperation.pdf

