Wining and Dining

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2024-03-09 20:34

Shout out to @Apan for inspiring me to write a story about a bursting business girl.

5:04 P.M.

Kay stares at the clock in the bottom right corner of her computer. There’s nothing left for her to do today work wise, and it being a Friday afternoon, the large corporate office surrounding her is almost completely silent. Even the cleaning staff have already finished their work and headed home.

This was actually the first time she’d ever been in to the office on a Friday since starting her job nearly a year ago. Normally, she’d be finishing up a day of working from home, looking ahead to her weekend. Instead, she was sitting in her cubicle watching the clock tick by, finishing off a large iced vanilla latte with a twinge of nervous excitement in her stomach. She typically didn’t drink caffeine so late in the day, but wanted to make sure she was energized for the night ahead.

Dropping the empty plastic cup in the trash can below her desk, Kay stood up and headed to the restroom, as she’d been planning to at exactly 5:05. She passed her boss’ office and gave him a smile as he sat behind his desk reviewing his notes one last time. In just about 10 minutes, they would be heading out to have dinner with a major prospective client. This was a big moment in Kay’s young career, as it was the first time she’d been given a role in such an important project.

The automatic lights flickered on as she entered the empty ladies room. She stood in front of the mirror and gave herself a look. She was dressed to impress for sure, wearing a tight gray pencil skirt, heels, and a black button down blouse which complemented her tanned skin and long flowing brown hair perfectly. Satisfied that she looked as good as expected for the big meeting, she turned and entered one of the stalls behind her to relieve herself.

Back at her desk, she shut down her computer and packed up her handbag as her boss, Matt, emerged from his office and asked if she and her other coworker, Owen, were ready to go. They both agreed and the trio set off toward the elevators, chatting about final notes and lamenting how long the day had felt.

In the parking lot, a fancy black SUV waited to drive them over to the restaurant. Any one of them could have driven, but executive leadership had made it clear they would spare no expense to impress this client, and wanted their team to be as professional as possible, especially since this dinner was going to be a somewhat... casual. Her team had gotten special permission to purchase alcohol for themselves and the clients on the company’s dime.

The ride to the restaurant seemed to go by quickly as the team chatted amongst themselves in the car. Matt and Owen were both older and considerably more experienced than Kay, and at first she had been a bit apprehensive about joining a team with two older men, but they had fortunately been great. They were friendly and happy to mentor, but not at all condescending. Kay had found herself happy to be on their team and was eager to prove herself to them at her first big client meeting of this sort.

The team arrived about 10 minutes before the agreed time and stood around in the foyer. Making idle chit chat, Kay told Matt and Owen about she had actually been to the place several times before, mostly during her college days. The restaurant was actually a large sports bar type place. During the day it was a very popular casual lunch spot for professionals, but late at night the food service would stop and it would turn in to more of a party spot, filled with students and young professionals looking to dance the night away.

A few moments later, the clients came through the door, and greetings began. The first hand Kay shook was Lane, a tall and serious seeming older man. The second was Mary, a motherly woman who Kay had been speaking with often over teams meetings for the last few weeks.

The group was shortly thereafter shown to their table, which was a large high top booth. Owen slid in first and Kay followed him, leaving Matt to sit on the end of bench, with the clients across the table. The start was a bit awkward, as both sides were attempting small talk before diving in to to business, but half an hour and a beer or two later, everyone started loosening up, and the conversation became very natural. Glasses were clanked, appetizers were shared, and Kay was finding Lane and Mary’s company quite pleasurable. The topic turned to business, but the conversation was kept light, as the goal of this meeting was to build a more personal connection before potentially diving in to a project that would involve the two parties working very closely together for a hopefully long stretch of time.

Time seemed to fly by, and during a break in the conversation, Kay noticed that her bladder had become quite full. Unsurprising given the amount she had drank, she couldn’t easily excuse herself as she was trapped in her seat by Matt and had become quite integral to the conversation, so she pushed her need to the back of her mind.

Another hour later however, her need was getting quite hard to ignore. Her tight pencil skirt was really digging in to her bladder and she found herself oh so subtly squeezing her thighs together under the table. She stole a glance at her watch, 8:35! They had been sitting here for nearly 3 hours! Dinner had been long since finished, but the drinks had continued to flow. Kay thought about excusing herself, but things did seem to be wrapping up, so she resolved to wait.

As fast as those 3 hours had passed, the next 30 minutes went by much more slowly for Kay. She found herself going a bit quiet and hoping things would wrap up. At every pause in the conversation her mind seemed to drift back to “Let’s wrap this up, I have to PEE!”

Finally, just after 9, Lane and Mary said their goodbyes and their thank yous. Kay had to stand up to bid them farewell, and was struggling a bit to keep her legs still until Lane and Mary walked off, leaving her and her teammates standing next to the table.

There was a silence until the clients were out of earshot, before Matt quickly spoke up. “Guys, our driver has been blowing up my phone, he was only contracted to work until 9 at the latest, he says if we’re not in the car by 9:15, he’s leaving without us, I’m going to run up front and get our bill payed and then we need to be on our way.”

Kay looked at her watch, 9:09. A sense of panic washed over her. It was only about a 20 minute ride back to the office but she REALLY needed to go pee first. Had she had 3 beers, 4? She wasn’t sure, but they needed to be let out now. Wheels turned in her head as she tried in a split second to come up with a way to communicate her need, before Owen saved her. “I have got to stop by the Men’s room and leave some of this beer behind, I’ll meet you at the car?”

“Okay” Matt agreed, “But be quick, it’s Friday night and this driver guy is seriously pissed at us right now”

“I also need to pop to the bathroom actually” Kay admitted, blushing a bit.

“Okay” Matt said. “5 minutes”

Matt hurried off to take care of the check, and Owen turned to Kay “You’ve been here before right? Where are the bathrooms?”

“This way” Kay said, taking the lead.

The pair hurried toward the back of the restaurant as quickly as they could, but their progress was a bit slowed as it was much more crowded now, the late crowd had begun to trickle in. About halfway there, Owen spoke up again “We must be getting in to business with some bottomless bladdered people, I was dying that last half hour”

“Oh my God” Kay responded with a laugh “You and me both, I couldn’t believe no one else was making a move”

Kay lead Owen to a fork between two hallways at the back of the restaurant. “Men’s room is down there”, she said, gesturing to the hallway on the left. “Meet me right back here”.

As Owen went off, Kay turned the corner towards her own relief and felt her heart drop almost immediately. Even though it was barely 9pm, there were already 6 girls lined up in the hallway outside the restroom. Normally, this wouldn’t be much of an issue, as Kay knew from experience that the bathroom lines here normally moved pretty fast, but they were surely not going to move fast enough. Joining the back of the line and crossing her legs, Kay looked at her watch again, 9:12.

Oh God, she thought to herself, there was no way she was going to get to pee, Owen would be back at the end of the hall waiting for her in 30 seconds and even still they would just make it to the car, there was just no scenario where she could spend at least 5 minutes standing here.

She thought about the ride, 20 minutes, and she could definitely go back in to the office to pee before her drive home. She’d be sitting so that would make her feel a bit better, it was going to be uncomfortable, but she generally had a very good bladder and she didn’t have to pee THAT bad right? She would just have to tough it out, God knows she’d done it several times before after nights of drinking.

With a final glance at the line and a grimace, Kay turned and walked back down the hall to meet up with Owen.

Second and final part should be coming soon!

*004*2024-03-10 21:07

Definitely in a writing mood this weekend! Here is the rest:

9:15 P.M.

As happy as Kay had been when Owen had requested a bathroom break, she was now wishing he’d hurry hell the up. She stood cross legged at the entrance to the bathroom area, having been denied relief by a line she didn’t have time to wait in, while he was taking his sweet time in the Men’s room.

Her phone rang, it was Matt, she answered immediately “Hey, where are you guys?” came a disgruntled voice.

“Just waiting for Owen and then we’ll --- oh here he is now, we’re on our way”

“Sorry” Owen muttered, still buttoning up his pants as Kay began leading him through the crowded bar area toward the front door. A small part of her kind of hoped the driver would just leave without them. If he did, she could go back and wait in line for the bathroom, and then with a clear head and empty bladder, find another way to get back to the office.

But instead, she and Owen pushed through the front doors and found the Black SUV right outside, Matt standing halfway out of the passenger door, refusing to let it leave. Taking a deep breath, Kay climbed in, happy that they would at least be on their way immediately.

Her optimism began to fade quickly, as just getting out of the parking lot was an ordeal that took nearly 5 minutes, as the driver evaded rideshares and bar hoppers. She had hoped that sitting down in the car would lessen her urge, but instead it was just forcing the waistband of her tight pencil skirt in to her bulging belly. She wanted nothing more than to unbutton it, but with Owen sitting right next to her… there was no way she could, not in this outfit.

Finally out of the parking lot, they immediately hit a red light. Kay stared at it, feeling it almost taunting her. She crossed her legs tightly and leaned back, pushing her butt forward on the seat as far as she could to try and lessen the pressure. It was an unnatural and somewhat unprofessional position to be in, but no one was really paying attention to her and she had to do something, as what felt like gallons of hot liquid was pounding against her pee hole constantly now.

As they finally turned on to the highway, she was starting to sweat, and was no longer even listening to Matt and Owen debrief about the dinner, hopefully they were too buzzed from their beers to take much notice. They would probably just assume she was tired. Fuck, she really had to go pee, much worse than she had had to go in a very long time, and the journey was just getting started. She was in serious pain now and told herself she would just take it minute by minute. She pulled out her phone and mapped back to the office. To her horror, the ETA was 35 minutes. She zoomed in and on their route and just ahead of where they were, solid red lines.

Should she say something? Give the driver a heads up about the traffic? Maybe he could get off and go a different way, maybe on surface roads they would pass a gas station or a fast food place and she could pop in… just for a second.

She looked up, and was just summoning the courage to say something when just as she feared, the car came around a bend and was met with a wall of brake lights. The driver threw up his hands in frustration, clearly unhappy about the additional delay.

Kay meanwhile was starting to panic. Her urge was only increasing. They were at least 35 minutes away and she was already wishing she had just let them leave the restaurant without her. She let out a quiet squeal in desperation, thankfully no one seemed to notice. Her mind raced, what the hell was she going to do? There was no way she was going to make it through this. Her pussy was absolutely pounding, demanding that she end this torture, but she was stuck in a car seat, in traffic, with her coworkers. She tried to take a deep breath, calm herself down, but was barely able to, it felt like her bladder was taking up to much space inside her for her lungs to expand properly.

She looked back down at the map, there was an exit a few miles ahead. Could she beg for a stop? Maybe, it’s not like they were getting anywhere anyway.

Five minutes passed and Kay was in the worse pain of her life. They had hardly moved. The ocean of pee inside her felt like it was right on the top of her urethra and she was genuinely afraid her muscles might quit and it might come shooting out at any moment. She checked the map, they were starting to move a little bit but were still 3 miles from the exit. She had to ask for a stop, no she had to demand a stop, there was no avoiding it.

She was almost hyperventilating at this point, she tried to compose herself, going over what she was going to say in her head. There was a huge surge that forced her to bend forward, instinctively her hand tried to grab for her crotch but she couldn’t get to it, her skirt was way too tight. She hadn’t leaked, somehow, but the scare was enough to make her lean forward to the driver and speak up.

“I am so so sorry to ask this, I know we were so late and this has been a terrible night, but is there any possible way we could get off the exit up ahead and stop at a gas station? Just for a moment? I have to use the bathroom so badly…. I really hate to ask, I’m so sorry but we just absolutely have to stop, I will be so quick”

Realizing she was desperately rambling on, she stopped herself and leaned back in to her seat.

“We’ve only been on the road for 15 minutes” the driver retorted, clearly trying to hide how furious he was.

Matt turned around and gave her a questioning look “Didn’t you go with Owen before we left?”

“I couldn’t” she started to explain, blushing wildly “There was a line and I didn’t have time to wait”

“Oh jeez, I’m sorry Kay.” Matt replied, before turning to the driver “Come on man, she left without going to try and avoid holding you up any further, we’re hardly moving anyway, it’ll only take a second. We’re sorry for all the trouble, you definitely have a big well deserved tip coming your way”

“Fine” the driver grumbled “I know a good gas station with a bathroom at the exit up ahead”

Okay, they were going to be stopping soon, just a few more minutes, Kay told herself, just a few more minutes…

A few minutes came and went, and then another, and another, and they had barely moved, Kay had gone completely quiet now, squeezing her legs in her tight pencil skirt for all she was worth, trying to put any pressure she could on her aching, desperate, pounding womanhood. From the front seat, she overhead something about an accident up ahead. For the first time in her adult life, Kay was starting to get genuinely concerned there was about to be another accident right here.

She had to pee so badly she felt physically ill, like she could just vomit up all the liquid trapped inside her, she was sweating heavily now and having to make a conscious effort to keep her desperate whining to herself. She wanted to just PEE so SO so BADLY. Why did this have to happen her? Why did it have to happen here, trapped in a car with her coworkers? The dinner had gone so well, of all the things she worried may have gone wrong, this was certainly not one of them. What had she done to deserve this?

Feeling like someone was driving a knife in to her stomach, her hand finally made its move. Almost subconsciously, her hand darted to the button on her skirt and released it, allowing her overloaded bladder to spill out in to the empty space. She couldn’t help but moan aloud a bit in relief and felt Owen glance over at her. She crossed her arms over her waistline and leaned forward to try and conceal what she’d done.

They were moving a bit now, 10 feet at a time, she checked her map again, they were now only a mile and a half from the exit, but their ETA to the gas station was showing 11 minutes.

As she tried to console herself, her body was suddenly rocked by another massive surge. She yelped aloud, her hand again tried to grab her crotch but was rejected by her tight pencil skirt that was stretched over it. She sat up straight and pushed her thighs together as hard as she could, so hard it almost hurt, but they were sleek with perspiration, her right leg slipped off the left with so much force she thought it might have ripped her skirt and in the shock of the moment her control slipped for just a split second and Kay felt a few drops of burning hot pee slip past her defenses in to her lime green thong.

She bent over double, with her hands gripping her knees, stemming the flow. She buried her face in her hands. The tiny thong she was wearing was completely unforgiving and she could feel one of the shocking hot drops of pee running down her butt. Huffing and puffing with the effort of getting herself under control, she looked up and out the window at the line of cars ahead. They had made their way over to the right lane of the highway and looking out next to her Kay saw the hard shoulder. It was just barely wide enough for a car, with a waste high concrete barrier between the edge of the shoulder and grass on the other side.

She looked up again at the line of cars as they moved up a bit. Maybe she could… No, she’d have to pull her skirt almost completely off, and her boss in the passenger seat would see everything. She tried to breathe and looked down at the floor, just a few more minutes… just a few more minutes… she was almost flailing around now, her feet stomping on the floor of the car, her legs fanning in and out, up and down every which direction, leaning backward and forward, sitting up straight and hunching over, she knew she was making a scene but she didn’t even care at this point. Anything to convince her bladder to hang on… just a few more minutes.

But her erratic fidgeting only got her so far, and traffic continued to only inch along, a few minutes later, Kay froze as another massive surge overtook her, and for the second time she lost control. This time a blast of pee shot out of her with such force that it blasted threw her thong and hit the top of her skirt. She yelped again. This was it, for the first time in her life, her bladder had actually reached maximum capacity, this is what it felt like, and it was happening right now, miles from a toilet, in near standstill traffic in a fancy car with her boss and coworker right there to witness it. Her brain flashed back some of her previous desperate moments, the ride home from the swim meet, the impossibly long line after a concert, the desperate dash back to her dorm room after a frat party… in all those cases she had held on, but she would have gladly gone back and wet herself in any of those instances if it meant she could just avoid it now.

Feeling another massive spurt coming, Kay knew she had to take action. There was little hesitancy this time, absolutely no time for shyness.

“I’m sorry butcanyoupleasepullovernow” she stammered abruptly

There was a moment of silence in the car during which Kay could almost hear her heart beating out of her chest, almost in disbelief herself that she had even made the request. For a moment the only audible sound in the car was the noise of her legs rubbing together and heels bouncing on the floor as her knees pumped rapidly up and down.

“It shouldn’t be much longer” the driver finally responded awkwardly “The exit is just about a mile ahead and then we will be at the gas station right away”

Kay felt another surge rock her body and another jet of pee reach the edge of her urethra, somehow she managed to restrain it, but it firmly reminded her that there was just no way she was going to make it to a toilet. It was going to be now or never, on the shoulder or in her seat.

“I can’t hold it!” she screamed, forcing herself to be more aggressive to try and get her point across. The car came to a stop and she grabbed desperately the door handle, but it could only be unlocked from the front “I need to get out, NOW!”

Another agonizing moment passed, the driver looked at Matt, as though seeking permission. “It’s your car seat man” Matt said quietly, before Kay interjected.

“Please PLEASE you HAVE to pull over NOW or I am… I am going to be sick in your car I swear to god.” She desperately tried to open the door again “Let me out NOW”

“Okay okay” the driver immediately responded “One second, I’m pulling over”

Kay leaned all the way forward and gripped her flailing legs again as the driver maneuvered the car on to the side of the road. God, the pain was agonizing, she felt herself starting to go numb, until she finally felt the car come to a stop on the shoulder.

“Okay I’m going to unlock the door” the driver said “Just please open it slowly so you don’t hit it against the barrier”

As soon as she heard the click of the door unlocking, Kay opened it and slid herself out, closing it behind her. As soon as she stood she nearly collapsed with the strain she was under as she confronted her next obstacle.

The concrete barrier on the side of the highway was almost up to her waist. She had to get to the other side of it, the car was so close to it that there was basically no room to squat, and Matt would see everything from the passenger side mirror. Normally, Kay could have easily thrown her leg over it, but her skirt was much too tight at the knees, and she realized the only way she could get to the grass on the other side was to sit her ass on top of the barrier and then swing her legs. To even have room for that, she’d have to go to the back of the car.

Nearly delirious with desperation, Kay was ready to execute her plan, to finally relieve herself of this burden, for this nightmare to finally end, embarrassing as it was.

She turned toward the back of the car, when suddenly, she was blinded by immensely bright red and blue flashing lights. Her eyes adjusted, and she saw the final nail in her bladder’s coffin, a police officer had pulled in behind them on the shoulder, had gotten out of his car and was approaching.

“What are you doing?!” he exclaimed “We need to keep this shoulder clear—OH”

The officer stopped in his tracks as Kay’s bladder finally surrendered. The shock, the panic, the fear, it was all too much. Everything went dark, almost as if she had blacked out for a moment, and when she gathered herself, all she could feel was the hot liquid that she had fought so, so hard to keep inside of her pouring out. She could feel it soaking the inside of her legs, soaking the back of her skirt, and eventually starting to pool in to her heels. Then there was the noise, like a rainstorm, audible even over the noise of the highway, splashing in a puddle beneath her feet. Letting out a tortured moan of agony and relief, Kay put her hands down on the concrete barrier and leaned over as her pee continued to thrash out. She was still going, and going, and going when the officer said something else to her and then retreated to his vehicle and drove away.

After nearly a minute, Kay was finally empty, and was starting to be able to think clearly again. She was sobbing hard, panting from being so out of breath from the effort of trying to contain herself just a little longer. She looked down, the front of her skirt had actually escaped any damage, but her legs, and her ass, were soaked. What was she going to do now?

The front door of the car then opened, and she heard Matt’s voice behind her. “Kay are you o—oh, oh my God.”

A minute later the driver appeared in front of her having come around from the back of the car, he was holding a couple towels that he must have been keeping in the back.

“Here you go miss” he said sympathetically, all the frustration of the night gone from his voice “Just sit on these and we will get you back home in no time.”

Kay climbed back in to the car and sat on the towels, she looked straight out of the window, stifling her gentle sobs as best she could, unable to face anyone or think about anything else than the clammy feeling of her soaked underwear clinging to her exhausted vagina.

10:47 A.M.

Kay awoke. The ceiling fan in her bed room lazily spinning above her. She watched it go round and round. She slid her hand down under her blanket and gently touched her crotch. Dry.

She stood up and walked in her bathroom and there it was. Her best gray pencil skirt. Sitting in her washing machine, soaking in the water, just as she had left it last night. It wasn’t a nightmare, she had actually wet herself. Wet herself. At 26 years old, on the side of a highway, in front of her boss and coworker that she would have to face Monday and every day after. On a night where she had been so excited to really prove herself to them.

She walked back out in to her kitchen, still processing what had happened the night before. She picked up her cell phone off the counter and saw that Matt had texted their team group chat.

“Kay, I just heard from Lane and Mary, they called me to follow up and say that they were extremely impressed with you last night, and are ready to file the paperwork to move forward with the project first thing Monday morning. Excellent job. And as for what happened on the way home… you can be sure that Owen and I will never mention it again. Could have happened to anyone. Have a great rest of your weekend, I’m excited to get started on that paperwork first thing Monday.”

