The order (part 1)

Author: Wetbynoon

*000*2019-06-25 00:01

Vanessa awoke, felt the pressure behind and up from her clit still sore as a result of last night's antics and smiled to herself.

Her arms came up, and her long smooth legs out to the side in a stretch. The silence of her early morning room was pierced by a powerful hissing as her sheets and panties once again flooded with her hot, abundant pleasure. By the end of her stretch, a dark circle of urine faded into her thickest comforter above three more layers of blanket.

"Yikes," she said, barley able to keep her hand abover her navel. She owed her success to the new group she found, and when she looked at her clock, she realized she would be late for the meeting in the Mess Hall, not to be confused with the Messing Hall.

With time to waste, she changed her clothes, and straightened up her room, only folding the blankets over the golden puddle unable to escape her plastic mattress cover. She would want to enjoy the scent later when it dries only for her to open the food gates once again.

She went to the community kitchen, and said hi to Em as she brewed her coffee with dandilion extract and liquid Caraway for an extra dieuretic intake.

Em was bouncing on her toes as she waited for her tea to brew, and by the look of her white leggings, Vanessa could tell she had already been a busy girl this morning.

"Leaker will be proud" Vanessa said with a copy smile. "We haven't had a member roperly lose control in a meeting for a week"

"God, it would be nice to empty in front of Leaker like that. She's so- I don't know- powerful" Em said

A tiny urine escaped them both.

"I heard there's supposed to be a big announcement at today's meeting, maybe a new recruit?"

Em's eyes went wide, "you'll get to train!"

Vanessa shook her head, "There's no way! I've only been living with the order for a month. The newcomer will probably go to one of the senior members."

"You dont hear all the interest around you, Nessa Leaker's never been so impressed with a recruit. Word around is that your report came back from Medical," she leaned in close, the scent of pee strong between the two, "Your body showed an inch increase in bladder diameter. An inch!"

Vanessa smiled and looked at the ground. She had been working hard, and it was paying off. With her spirits lifted, she followed Em to the Mess Hall, excited to her this ground breaking announcement.

