Peter cannot hide it from his date forever

Author: Weather

*000*2022-06-29 01:53

Peter was about to meet Katie. They had been talking on a dating app, and they had hit it off pretty well. He dressed comfortably, wearing snug jeans with a belt and a sweater. Before heading to lunch with her, he took care of some things around his apartment and had some coffee.

Before long, it was time to head out. He thought about using the restroom before leaving, but he only had a little bit of a need to pee and he had already taken care of other business earlier. No worries. He grabbed his leather jacket, headed out the door, and went to the restaurant.

Peter arrived to see Katie seat outside in the brisk autumn air. She wore a bright red turtleneck and black jeans with tall boots. She sipped on a warm cup of tea and was watching the nearby tree as the wind lightly plucked at its leaves.

“Hi Katie!”

“Peter! Glad we can finally meet!” She stood up and the two shared a hug. They then went inside the restaurant, put their lunch orders in, and sat back outside.

Peter felt a little cold as the wind blew by, feeling himself shiver lightly. Katie said online that she likes this kind of weather though, and he did have to admit that the trees with their hues of red were beautiful. He felt his bladder pulse a little bit, but easily put it out of his mind.

“I simply love this time of year,” Katie said. “This is the time for hot drinks, cuddles, and just being cozy. How about you?”

“I'm a little bit more of a Spring kind of person,” Peter replied, “but Fall might be my second favorite.”

Katie laughed. “I think I can show you why I like it.”

They talked more, and finished their food and drinks. At her suggestion, they went inside and got more tea for her and coffee for him, then walked to the park that was a block away. They walked along the sidewalk chatting, while the leaves above them rustled and occasionally dropped down to be carried by the wind into the small lake to their left. Reds and golds mingled with the browns and greens of mallard ducks that floated alongside the shore.

Peter was telling a story about a dog he grew up with who loved trips to parks like this. Then he stuttered briefly, interrupted by a chill.

“Are you cold?” Katie asked, with a slightly concerned look.

“I'm fine,” Peter replied. Truth be told, his bladder was filling up a bit, and the cold wasn't helping. He was fine with that and didn't want to tell her, but it did sit at the back of his mind.

“Here, I can warm one of your hands for you,” Katie said, taking his right with her left as they walked. Peter grew a massive blush, eliciting a laugh from Katie. “That is so cute,” she told him with a smile, laughing a little more as his blush grew even redder.

They walked and saw a kid play-fighting with a golden retriever under a tree. “Hey,” Peter said, “my dog was a golden retriever!”

“I love them,” Katie replied, “they are so sweet, and I don't think I've met a single unfriendly one.”

Eventually they happened upon a small building made of grey bricks. Noting that it was the restrooms, Katie said “I think I'm going to get rid of some of the tea that's been going through me, I'll be right back!”

“Yeah, I probably should go too,” Peter laughed, and they each went to their respective sides of the building.

Peter reached the door to the men's room and set his coffee down on the ground outside. At this point, generally, he would definitely be looking to go. His bladder was a constant presence that often neared the forefront of his thoughts. But after he opened the door, he noticed that the floor was flooded. Perhaps it was from when it rained yesterday, as the men's room did face a small hill, and leaves were stuck in the floor drain. He felt uncomfortable using it, so he just went back around to the front. He sat on a bench and crossed his right left over his left tightly, feeling the ever-increasing ball of urine inside him. A breeze blew by, and as he shivered a little, his abdomen contracted, and he experienced a surge of desperation for a moment before it subsided again.

Katie came out to find him sitting there. “Thanks for waiting!”

“No problem!” he said. He considered telling her about the men's room, but he didn't want to do anything that might disrupt their date. They kept walking and talking about anything and everything, and Peter carefully controlled his walk so as to put minimum strain on his bladder.

“I live close by,” Katie said, “you should come over! I've been having a good time.”

Peter blushed a little. “Of course!” And hand in hand they walked out from the park, into the residential area, down a couple of blocks, and into an apartment.

______

She offered him some wine, and they sat and talked. They had both been to Europe as well as done many things in the outdoors here, so they weren't even close to running out of things to say and stories to share. For dinner, they had shrimp linguine and more wine, against Peter's better judgment. He really really wanted to ask about the bathroom, but also didn't want to interrupt this conversation. He felt like the luckiest person in the world to be on this date with her.

They stood up and carried their conversation to the window. Outside it had begun to rain, smearing their view of the evening colors into a work comparable to Leonid Afremov. Peter felt his bladder give way a little bit before he caught himself, pressing his legs together. Katie noticed.

“Peter, do you need to use the bathroom? You can use mine, it's the door behind you and to the right.”

“Thank you,” Peter said, blushing. He went into the bathroom, finally about to have some relief.

He closed the door, and then looked around. The room was very well decorated for a bathroom, with candles around and two pothos plants on the window sill. He opened the toilet, then made the mistake of looking to his right.

There were two mirrors. One faced towards the sink by the door, and the other was on the other side of the sink's corner, facing him. He could turn and see himself using the toilet. No matter, he thought, his anxiety went up slightly and he was a little pee-shy, but he could put in the effort and open up the floodgates for this much-needed pee.

But then he heard Katie singing along to some French song she was playing while putting things away in the kitchen. He first laughed a little to himself, thinking about how much of a flex it is to sing in French while your date is in the other room. But then he thought about how thin the door is, how beautiful the woman on the other side of it is, the fact she'd hear him peeing, and all this while getting a little bit of anxiety for doing the deed in front of a mirror. He cursed silently and whimpered quietly. He loosened his belt buckle one notch, and it still felt tense, albeit not painfully so like a moment ago. He realized that he would not be able to go. Furthermore, he would not be able to pee himself in the shower or something, as he would let a little bit out and then his bladder would clamp back down as soon as the pressure dropped to a slightly more manageable (but still very uncomfortable) level. He sighed, washed his hands, and left the bathroom.

Peter sat down on the couch, and Katie smiled at him as she walked by. As she looked away his eyes widened as he had a sudden realization: he did not flush. There was nothing to flush, but with how thin the door was, not only would she have heard him pee, but she would have heard him flush. He should have flushed. Now she was going to figure things out, and he was going to be embarrassed. He was so concerned that he started to blush again, and when Katie walked back over, she noticed his bright red face.

“Were you able to go?” she asked. Peter didn't reply, he didn't want to lie but he also didn't want to tell her. He froze up, and felt a slight trickle of pee leave his penis and get caught in his underwear before he brought it back under control. He tightened his legs as he did this, and then blushed harder. I must be easier to read than a book right now, he thought. The situation was incredibly embarrassing.

Katie smiled. “Hug me,” she said, and opened her arms. Peter quickly stood up (maybe a little too quickly) and hugged her like he did once earlier, except she pulled him in tighter now. He accidentally let out an “mmph” as she pulled him in. She was warm and her hug was soft, and he felt like he could be there forever, if only he didn't have to go pee. Can she tell that my belly sticks out more than it did earlier? he wondered. She ended the hug with a last tight squeeze, which caused him to tense up and let out another “mmph.”

Katie laughed. “It's cold and rainy outside, and I do like having you over. Would you like to spend the night on my couch?”

“I would love to!” Peter said, before remembering his situation and realizing what he was committing to. He was so taken with Katie that she could get him to briefly forget about the giant warm ball he carried. He was committing to holding it the entire night, when he hadn't peed since around 10 that morning.

“Great!” Katie smiled, “I'll grab you some pillows and blankets. There's a spare toothbrush and toothpaste in the medicine cabinet in the bathroom.” Peter slumped back onto the couch that would shortly become his bed, asking himself what he had done.

Once he brushed his teeth, he sat back down. “Lay down, I like tucking people in,” Katie giggled.

Peter gingerly laid down as she placed the recently fluffed pillows under his head she pulled a quilt over him, then tucked it in on either side. As she leaned over him, she placed her hand on his belly, and he felt his bladder practically screaming in panic. He pulled his legs in and his hands shot to his crotch. He blushed with embarrassment, but he was also turned on by the fact that it was Katie subjecting him to this. She stepped away, then came back and set a bottle of water down next to the couch.

“Thanks for letting me tuck you in,” Katie laughed. “I'll see you in the morning!”

She turned out the light and left for her bedroom. Peter was frozen in this position of clasping himself. He didn't know what to do. Should he sneak to the bathroom and try again? Out of the question, he thought. She would definitely hear him even if he could get it to start, and the light from the bathroom peeks underneath the door to her bedroom. Slowly, carefully, he turned and braced himself with a pillow, and practically crushed his right hand between his thighs. He quietly whined to himself while listening to the pitter-patter of the rain on the window, but it did help make him sleepy. Slowly, desperately, he drifted off into an uncomfortable sleep.

*001*2022-06-29 02:22

... I just realized there's another story near the top of this page about a Peter lol, did not realize that. I just named him that for the "pee" in "Peter" lol. No connection between huberp's story and this one.

*004*2022-07-03 01:12

Part 2! Sorry it took me a few days to come back to it.

______

Peter opened his eyes as the unshaded window on the other side of the room began to show the morning sun's rays. He slowly blinked, remembering where he went to sleep.

He felt warm and cozy, and still a little tired. He didn't sleep as well as he would've liked. A moment later he moved slightly and remembered why. He let out a quiet whimper as he took notice of just how full his bladder was. Moving was a struggle, and when he felt down the front of his jeans, he noted that he had leaked ever so slightly last night. It was not enough to worry about it being noticed, but it did speak to just how desperate he was. His belt felt tight again, and loosening it another notch, he realized he had another problem: to go any looser, he would have to unbutton the top of his pants too, and he just did not want to do that. He turned, moaning a little as his jeans compressed his bladder, torturing his poor body that had now been holding for about nineteen hours. He gingerly stood up, grabbed a hold of himself, and walked towards the window.

Outside, the birds were singing in the garden. Evidently it had rained through the night, as leaves now dripped a slow rain that caught these first rays of the rising sun. As if becoming one with nature, Peter felt a single droplet escape himself before he reasserted control. The more he clamped down on himself, the greater the pressure, and the harder it was to hold without clamping down on himself, in a sort of circle of desperation.

I've gotta use the bathroom, he thought. This is too much. I don't remember the last time I've held this long. He did not want to embarrass himself by losing control in front of Katie, and since she was still asleep, maybe now he could use the bathroom. He started slowly walking that way.

"Good morning!" he heard Katie say as she opened the door to her room. Peter felt a small spurt escape him. "Good morning to you too!" he said. Katie walked forward, arms outstretched for a hug. Peter took her in his arms, happy to be waking up in her home, then coming back to his brief break from reality as she squeezed his midsection. He let out an "mmph" as he felt his bladder try to escape from its confines, pressing up against the rest of the inside of his body in a desperate bid for space.

"It's a beautiful Sunday morning!" she said, looking towards the window while they shared their embrace. "Breakfast?"

"Sure!" he replied.

Katie moved her right hand to sit on his left hip. With her thumb, she reached towards his belly, then pressed down and massaged him in a rotating pattern. Peter let out a soft, pained moan, and his face turned bright red as another small spurt escaped. Katie leaned back out of the hug, smiling into his eyes.

"I guess I should probably let you use the restroom," she said with a slight hint of guilt in her voice. Peter nodded and thanked her, then went to go relieve himself. At least, so he hoped.

He entered the restroom, stood in front of the toilet, and tried to pee. Nothing. In addition to the mirror and Katie not being far, he now felt so tense and locked up that he certainly couldn't let go. Next he tried sitting down. Still nothing. I have to pee, he told himself, and he put as much concentration into it as he could.

Finally, something came. One spurt. Then another spurt. Then a trickle. Then... nothing. That was it. He had released enough pressure that his body felt like it could somewhat reliably hold it again. He let out a groan, then laughed quietly at how ridiculous this was. Why can I not pee? This is not normal for me. I usually can pee normally in other people's homes. What is going on? Frustrated, he flushed what did come out and then brushed his teeth. Hearing the toilet flush was torture, but there was nothing he could do.

______

Peter joined Katie at her table. It was next to another window that faced the garden, and houseplants adorned her whole dining space. As the sunlight flowed through the window, over the plants and into the glasses and silverware on the table, Peter felt like he had stepped into a fairy tale to eat breakfast. He thanked Katie, then took a sip of coffee, feeling his midsection spasm in anticipation of more to come.

Katie reached over to pour herself some orange juice as Peter took a bite of sausage. The glass she poured into had a vase-like shape, and the sound the juice made as it was poured struck Peter with a particular intensity. He grimaced, feeling his bladder screaming at him. The taut skin over his belly was a little itchy, and the sausage he had just eaten felt like it had given his stomach new ammunition in its battle with his bladder for space. It seemed like eating and drinking just made him expand. He tapped his foot for a moment, then realized it was audible and quickly stopped.

He looked up and saw Katie looking at him with a slightly worried look. "Are you okay?" she asked. "I'm fine," Peter replied, but after his next drink of coffee he felt his bladder pulse and quickly slammed his legs together.

"Peter, what's wrong? Is there something wrong with my bathroom? I don't want you getting hurt." Peter shook his head, and she noted his forehead glistened with sweat from his effort.

Katie moved her chair next to him. "May I?" she asked, reaching towards his side with her open hand. "I want to see how bad it is." Peter nodded. She reached for his belly and pressed lightly. His lower abdomen was as hard as a rock, and Peter let out a moan as he jerked forward to grab himself.

Katie sat back in her chair, the warmth in her eyes fading a little bit. "I had a little too much fun last night, Peter. It's okay to be pee-shy, and I should have tried to help you rather than enjoy it." Peter looked back up at her, trying to piece together what she just told him. She brought back a small smile, but her eyes were also turning a little watery. "Is there anything I can do for you right now? Would you like me to drive you home so you can take care of yourself? I'm so sorry about all this. I hurt you, and I shouldn't have."

Peter worried that she was going to cry soon. He carefully moved his chair towards her and leaned over to hug her. His upper body was focused on Katie, while his legs bounced and twisted, betraying just how desperate he was.

"It's okay," Peter whispered in her ear. He shivered in his need, but then continued: "I know some people like watching someone who is desperate, and I'm actually a little flattered that I m-made you feel this way."

Katie held him with her right hand to his head and her left hand to his back, her eyes closed and her face still expressing shame. She grew a little bit of a smile back as she held him though, his shivers and struggles playing with her thoughts.

"If y-you would like," Peter continued, "I can hold it longer. I don't mind. I like d-doing this for you."

Katie began to open her mouth to tell him he should relieve himself rather than think about her, but in that moment, Peter let out a whimper and twisted in her arms. She held him tight, and Peter whimpered again as he clung to her. He buried his head in her shoulder, taking short heavy breaths and trembling all over. Katie wanted to say no and be kind to him, but she also wanted to say yes and have this unique experience with a cute boy desperate to go.

She pulled back a little and looked him in his eyes. "Are you sure about this?" she asked.

"Of c-course," Peter replied. He gasped and instinctively pulled her in again as his body contracted.

Katie smiled. "Well," she said, "I guess we should figure out how to spend our Sunday!"

Peter smiled, holding her close, before quickly letting out a breath and squeezing her. His senses were on fire. He wasn't sure how he was going to do this, but he had never knowingly had this effect on someone before, and he wanted to make Katie's day unforgettable, however painful it may get. Another pulse made him shiver, and Katie kissed his cheek as he trembled.

*005*2022-07-04 15:28

Part 3

______

Katie cleared the table and took care of the dishes, as there was no way Peter was in any condition to help. She smiled to herself as she thought about the desperate boy in her home. What to do? She had fantasized about this sort of thing before, but now that it was really happening, she couldn't make up her mind.

Peter looked up and smiled at her upon her return, though with a grimace. He was focused on holding himself. It was painful, but he thought to himself about what Katie said earlier, and he wanted to be the one to do this for her.

"Stand up," Katie said. Peter took a moment to gather himself, then slowly stood up. He was so filled that he expected this would make it worse, but he held and eventually stood up straight. He even managed to bring his hands to his sides.

Katie's eyes grew wide. Peter's clothes were definitely tight around his midsection. He looked like he was early along in a pregnancy. She looked into his face to see a blush and a smile, as Peter thought about how this made her feel.

Katie stepped forward and hugged Peter, who held her in return. He quivered in both need and anticipation. Katie stepped back out of the hug, then took both his hands and led him to the living room.

"Lay down on your back." Peter gingerly followed the order. Katie looked at where his dark sweater protruded, then laid down perpendicular to him. She lay on her left side, facing Peter's chest and head, with her own head resting on Peter's bladder. As she listened, she heard a slight gurgle as everything in Peter's midsection frantically tried to adjust to what was going on. Peter let out a whimper, shifting his legs and moving his hands towards his crotch. He ended up resting his hands in Katie's hair.

"Let's stay like this a while," Katie said with a smile. With her right hand, she felt along Peter's upper belly, occasionally pressing down a little through his sweater to find how far up his bladder had grown. The answer was evident, as Peter squirmed as she did so. She moved her head around a bit on her pee pillow, then pulled herself in a bit. "Do not move," she ordered, then she closed her eyes for a cat nap.

Her wakeup call came about twenty minutes later as Peter let out a moan. "Sorry," he said, noticing she had woken back up. Katie just smiled and patted his midsection, each tap an electrifying pulse through his bladder. A tear welled up in Peter's eye, but he was committed. He would do this for her until he lost all control.

Scooting back a little, Katie placed her head on his crotch. Peter's penis pushed against her head. Katie closed her eyes and breathed in, then opened her eyes and relaxed. She placed her right hand where her head had been before, and she pushed.

At first, Peter could handle it. But then she pressed harder. And harder. "Aaahhhh!!" He felt his midsection spasm and an involuntary spurt of liquid head to his penis. It was painful, but his body was still locked up, especially being this turned on. Katie suddenly pressed harder, eliciting a loud whimper from Peter, as well as a spurt of urine to the side of her head.

With a smile, Katie felt to inspect the damage she had done. It was a sizable burst of urine, not enough to really break through his well-fitted blue jeans, but enough for her to feel. She giggled as she pressed her head into his crotch, moving it around and getting a little bit of pee into her hair. Peter felt like he was going to explode in another way now. But then Katie stopped, stood up, and offered her hand. "Lets go visit my garden," she said with a grin, and she giggled at Peter's awkwardness in his effort to stand up. She went to the kitchen to fill up a watering pot, then looked back towards Peter as he squirmed and groaned, barely keeping himself together.

______

Hand in hand, they stepped out into the cold morning. Peter sharply inhaled, so they paused and Katie whispered in his ear as he struggled to retain control.

"I was wondering if after I water my plants, we could go out and do something."

"Uh..." Peter tried to get the words out before another spurt arrived in his jeans. His free left hand shot down to his crotch, which was now wetter than before. Peter then continued as Katie took him to the first plant, "I don't know if b-being in public like this is a g-good idea."

He nearly doubled over as Katie watered. He looked up and saw the sun's rays reflecting in the water being poured, and shuddered with a whimper. Inside him, he was as solid as bone up past his navel now as his bladder struggled to find more space to fill. He wasn't sure how he was still holding, this was far and away the most desperate he had been in his adult life. "Don't worry," Katie replied as she watered her next plant, "I'm sure it will be alright. I'm thinking of getting us drinks at Starbucks and then checking out a different park. How does a large coffee sound?" She looked over at him and saw a little fear in his frantically desperate eyes. She giggled, finished the watering, and brought him inside so she could get ready.

Peter leaned carefully against the wall, in pain but also in love, and he wanted to last through this trip, improbable as that outcome might be. When he stood up straight, his bulge blocked his view of his crotch, and he felt his side cramp a little. His waist band forced a dent in the bulge, and he was debating again whether or not to unbutton the top button.

He felt a slight warm and burning sensation return to the bottom of his penis. No, he will have to unbutton the top button, wanting to last as long as possible for Katie. His midsection instantly expanded to fill the extra space, and he was granted the slightest hint of relief as Katie left her bedroom.

"Lets go!" She said as she took Peter's arm. Together they stepped out the door, Peter blinded with desperation and Katie excited with anticipation.

*007*2022-07-06 13:19

Part 4

______

Peter strained his body to keep all his pee inside. He wanted to keep holding for Katie, and in particular, he did not want to wet the seat of her car. Outside the window, trees in hues of red and gold lined the street, and a pair of clouds flirted with the sun. He looked over at Katie and saw her smiling, her eyes on the road but her left hand feeling the part of her head she had rubbed into Peter's damp crotch earlier. Peter was being driven insane, knowing the effect his desperation was having on her as well as the fact that she still had some of his pee in her hair.

When he had first contacted her, he had no idea how well their dates would go. This was something he had never experienced before, and suffering for her pleasure made his feelings for her even stronger. He could tell how much she loved this, and that made all his pain and desperation worth it.

Soon, they reached the Starbucks. Katie brought them to the drive-through, giving Peter a longer break in exchange for what this coffee was going to do to him.

As she ordered, Peter looked out his window. A few more clouds had come out, and the sky was a mix of grey and blue. A pair of robbins chased each other across the parking lot before disappearing into the nearby trees. As he stared out the window, he felt Katie place her hand on his, her warmth encouraging him as he tried to maintain focus on keeping all his pee inside.

They collected their drinks at the window, then pulled over before leaving so Katie could double check the route to the park on her phone. Peter shivered, but then decided to go for it: he took his coffee from the cupholder and drank some. Against his body's protests, he swallowed and felt the warmth join his midsection. As he squirmed, he looked over and saw he had Katie's attention, her eyes distracted from her phone.

Filled with a newfound confidence, he decided to drink a few more gulps. "Mmmm!" Drinking and whimpering at the same time was kind of funny. Katie giggled and leaned over to kiss him. Why are her lips shaking? he wondered. Oh, wait, that's me. He blushed, and Katie smiled as she returned to driving.

_____

They arrived at the park. Peter watched as Katie stepped out of the car, noting she was wearing basically the same thing she wore yesterday. He wondered for a moment before remembering that he said in his profile that he really liked red and found tall boots cute. In fact, today she wore knee-high boots, slightly taller than yesterday's.

Katie opened his door and helped him out of her car. He definitely could use the help, and turning while shifting his weight made him let out a soft moan. He averted his eyes for a moment, a little embarrassed. No one was nearby, but this was still quite a public space for him to be this desperate. Katie hugged him and rubbed his back.

"Are you sure you are still okay with this?" she asked.

Peter squeezed her tighter, causing his own whimper as the pressure on his bladder increased. "I r-really want to do this f-for you," he said with a struggle. Katie melted in his arms, and he could swear he felt her cheek become warmer against his.

"Come on then!" she led him by the hand. "Before we go any further, there's something I have to take care of." Peter looked up ahead and saw a restroom building. Oh no.

Katie led him to right outside the door to the women's room, then handed him her drink. "Don't move," she told him. Peter nodded nervously. Katie giggled and stepped into the restroom, leaving the door propped open behind her.

Peter stood there, knowing what was about to happen. He heard her prepare herself in a stall, and then it started. He heard her release a full stream of urine.

"Ohhhh" Peter moaned before trying to force himself to keep quiet. He whimpered and leaned against the building as he held their drinks. Tears filled his eyes. His bladder spasmed, begging to go. A spurt escaped him, dampening his crotch again. The pressure he felt in his midsection was unbelievable. He heard Katie let out a relieved exhale and he shook all over. He heard the sink a few moments later, but at this point, the running water was no more torturous than anything else he had heard from her bathroom visit.

Katie stepped out, smiling but looking a little concerned, as she noticed the tears leaving Peter's eyes. He returned an encouraging smile and handed her back her tea. She was about to ask if he was okay, but he didn't want her to worry about that. He would hold until his body gave out.

_____

That moment may come sooner than expected. They were walking hand in hand, but as Peter took another drink of his coffee, he froze. Katie stopped and looked back at him, seeing him clamping down with his legs as he tried to hold back the incredible amount of urine that forced his bladder to protrude.

Peter looked up with a new set of tears in his eyes. "I can't. I want to keep holding for you, but I can't. It's going to come out now."

Katie thought quickly, then led him slowly behind a pair of trees with shrubs that obscured the view between them. She then looked into his eyes.

"Pee into my boots."

Peter stared at her blankly, wondering if he was so desperate he couldn't understand speech anymore.

"Peter," Katie said, holding their gaze together. "My boots go up to my knees and they're waterproof. We're outside, no one will know. Let a little bit out into my boots so you can keep holding."

"I can't ask you t-"

"This is for me."

Peter finally understood. He handed her his drink and lowered himself carefully onto the large root that protruded from one of the trees. Katie moved her left leg between his legs as he unzipped.

He was hard, but not as hard as he could be, since he was in such pain and distress. He looked at a small gap between Katie's black jeans and boot, then he went for it.

He gingerly inserted the tip of his penis between the two. A moment later, it started. He peed for a little bit, his face a smile of pure bliss.

"Peter," Katie said.

Peter stopped his stream with a loud groan. That hurt. There was another boot though of course, which Katie next offered. He let out a roughly similar amount into that boot, then grit his teeth as he stopped the stream again. He then carefully stood up.

Katie giggled and bounced foot to foot, making squishing sounds in her boots. "It's so warm!" She bent over, placed their drinks on the ground, stood back up, and then wrapped her arms around Peter's neck, giving him a passionate kiss. Peter returned it and wrapped his arms around her body, crushing her into his midsection for a whimper as they kissed. The breeze was starting to make things a little chillier, but Katie felt warmer than ever, and her breath smelled of tea and morning air. The two held each other like that for a while, and Katie giggled a little as she bounced a little between her feet again, making squishing sounds.

*008*2022-07-07 17:20

Part 5

______

Peter and Katie each carried a paper bag, having grabbed drinks and sandwiches from an outdoor deli just outside the park. They walked hand in hand under an increasingly overcast sky. This park bordered a river, and they began walking down a trail that bordered it.

Peter shuddered, his desperation quickly increasing again. The pee that Katie now carried in her boots was soon replaced, and Peter was becoming exhausted. Every once in a while a runner or dog owner would walk past them and Peter would do his best to hide his situation, but his body was starting to give. Eventually, he wouldn't be able to hide his desperation at all.

"Are you doing okay, Peter?" Katie asked. She had been walking normally and comfortably despite the squish squish of Peter's pee in her boots, but she had gradually been forced to slow down to stay with him.

Peter nodded. "I-I don't know if I can h-hold out much longer, but I w-want to for you." He shuddered, feeling a small portion of pee escape him with hardly any resistance. He paused to clamp down on himself.

"How about we go back to my apartment?" Katie asked. "Also, I can help you with a little more of your pee to help you last for the trip back."

Peter looked into her eyes and became lost for a moment. The longer he was with her, the more it felt like he really could see her thoughts in her eyes. They were filled with love and care - an overwhelming desire to help him up front, with a desire for more from him hiding just behind it. She was willing to call things off any time for him, but her dream was for more, and Peter wanted to try. Even now, at the end of his strength, there was more he could offer her, and he wanted to give her all of it.

Peter winced as a pulse traveled through him, then brought himself back under control. "W-what did you have in mind?"

Katie smiled. "I am a bit thirsty."

Peter's eyes grew wide. A bit of strength came back to him, though it all seemed dedicated to arousal. He opened his mouth to ask if she was sure, but he quickly closed it again. He saw the eagerness in her face. She was sure.

Peter gripped himself, shifting foot to foot. "Y-you don't have t-to take too much," he said as his body warned him of its limits. "J-just enough so w-we can eat and go back h-home. I want to keep h-holding for you."

Katie led him behind a boulder by the river, and they set their lunches on some branches nearby. To properly hide, they had to step in the water a little bit. Peter shuddered and groaned as the cold water flooded his shoes, almost losing concentration on the warm fluid he carried. Katie's boots continued to keep the river out and the pee in.

She knelt on a bit of rock that jutted out from the boulder. Her knees were wet now, but she kept her lower legs and feet free of river water, her lower black jeans and socks still soaked in Peter's urine. She took hold of Peter's damp zipper and opened him up, shifting his long johns out of the way and releasing his penis.

He was incredibly turned on, but also nervous. She didn't look much when he filled her boots, but now his penis stretched right in front of her face. He was far more comfortable with Katie than he would have been yesterday, but he was still a bit shy.

Katie cupped the head of his penis with her left hand, his pre-cum and a little bit of his urine pooling in her palm. As she moved her hand around, it coated her red painted fingernails, and a little bit of it soaked into her sweater sleeve. Peter breathed heavily, he was going to have to release this tension somehow.

Katie smiled up at him. "I know. I'm ready." She kissed his penis on the tip, his pre-cum brightening her lip gloss. She then guided him into her warm mouth.

Peter was done for. He sharply inhaled and stifled a moan, then let loose. Some of his pee joined in, giving him a rather painful sensation in his penis, which she seemed to comfort with her mouth's embrace. He quickly filled her mouth with cum and urine, which she worked to swallow as quickly as possible.

He tried to stop his release, but it took him a moment. "Ahhh!!" he cried as tears welled up in his eyes. Another burst of urine filled Katie's mouth, then with a herculean effort, he brought himself under control.

Katie let his penis slip from her mouth. Peter staggered in the river, dropping to his knees and feeling the water surge up his thighs. His face contorted and he grabbed hold of himself to keep from losing control again as the cold water filled his jeans. Sweating and panting, he dedicated all his strength. He thought about Katie, how much she meant to him, and what his desperation was doing for her. No, he told himself, I will not let this end now. I will keep holding for her. Another spurt of urine escaped him, he cried out again, and then finally clamped down. He knelt in the river, a tear dripping from his face, but his bladder once again closed.

It was only a minute, but Peter felt like he knelt there for hours. He felt Katie's hand on his cheek, and he looked up a little to see the river rushing around her boots. He looked up further to see her looking at him with worry.

"You are in pain, Peter. You don't have to do this any more. My silly wishes aren't worth what it looks like you're going through. Let it go now, you can be free."

His bladder released slightly in agreement with her, but he stopped it. "No," he said.

"Peter, I'm not going to enjoy it as much if I think you're about to really hurt yourself."

"I-I can do it. When I lose c-control, I want it done f-for you." Peter whined, then clamped down again. He dropped one hand into the river to hold himself up, then looked up into Katie's eyes. His eyes were tearful but defiant: there was still a little bit more he could give.

Katie helped him to his feet. She picked up both their lunches with one hand and wrapped her other arm around him. Peter leaned on her a little to help him move, his free hand resting under the massive bulge he had grown in his midsection. As they came out from behind the boulder, a group of people walking by stared at this couple that had obviously gone partway into the river, but neither Peter nor Katie really cared. Now they were just heading back to Katie's car.

_____

They sat in the car, and Katie ate some of her food. Peter ate a few bites of deli sandwich and took one drink of water, which seemed to bring him a little comfort despite his bladder. Being free to sit and hold himself, he fared a bit better than he did on the trail by a noisy river.

Katie leaned over towards him, cupping his cheek and kissing him.

"It's okay if you have to pee in my car," she whispered in his ear. "I can clean it, please don't worry about that."

"Okay," Peter said. He almost told her he would be fine, but he felt like he couldn't quite promise no accidents on the ride back.

Still, Peter smiled. He was a little more relaxed, and losing the pee that Katie now carried inside her meant he had an easier time holding. Seeing his changed demeanor, Katie smiled, still a little concerned but not so concerned that she couldn't enjoy this. They headed back, Katie driving carefully to avoid bumps and Peter whimpering as he held himself and stared out the window.

*009*2022-07-09 04:41

Part 6 (final chapter)

_____

Peter strained to hold on as Katie parked outside her apartment. She stepped out of her car with a squish-squish from her boots, then she walked around to Peter's side.

She opened the door and took his hand, smiling at him from the light rain outside the car. With his right hand, Peter accepted the help. With his left, he held himself and felt his ballooning midsection. He was tired, very tired, but he wasn't done. Not yet. He wanted to offer Katie a little bit more. She brought him inside, her boots squishing all the way, then set their things down.

Peter took a couple steps into the apartment, gasped, and froze. A small trickle had started for him, but he couldn't stop it this time. He was spent. He had no more to give. He looked up to see Katie staring at him, recognizing what was going to happen.

"Katie, I . . ."

Katie pulled him into the bathroom and stood in the tub with him. He whimpered, trying to stop the current but unable to, and recognizing that he was a dam about to burst.

"Stand like that," Katie told him. She lay down, her feet between his legs, and the rest of her extended out lying on her back. She looked up at Peter, and as he looked down, he was taken aback by the intensity of the love and desire in her face. She kicked the tub drain handle to the closed position, then rubbed his leg a little with her boot.

"I have one more favor to ask of you, Peter. It's time to give me a rinse."

Thirty hours. That's how long it had been since Peter last completely voided his bladder. All his need, all his desperation, everything he did for Katie, all was finally about to end here. Even if he were still pee-shy with her, it would've scarcely been enough to prevent him from going now, but he had also grown close to Katie over the last day from their experience together. As he pulled out his dripping penis, he looked down at Katie, who looked sweetly back up at him.

"All of me, Peter. And use everything."

Peter nodded. He pointed himself at her face, then slowly exhaled. It's time to let go now, he told himself.

Katie closed her eyes, and a moment later, it started. Peter's urine struck her forehead, running down her scalp and sweeping her hair back. He lowered his aim, his pee briefly running across Katie's closed eyes and streaming around her ears, then aimed at her mouth. She opened, taking some in, and swallowed it as Peter moved on.

As he progressed further down Katie's body, her sweater's turtleneck turned a dark red, and she smiled at the warmth that was beginning to surround her. Peter's stream picked up intensity, and urine splattered everywhere as he noisily sprayed Katie's chest, darkening much of the rest of her sweater.

Peter felt his body's grip on his bladder improve as it shrunk in size. Katie now lay in a shallow pool of urine, and she had begun adding to it with her own. Peter sighed, then continued to aim further down.

He sprayed down Katie's arms, then her belly, where her hands rested. He lowered his aim to her pelvis, and Katie shuddered as he washed over her. He soaked her thighs, then briefly peed over her boots.

Peter was not quite done. He aimed back up, and Katie closed her half-opened eyes again. Bearing down, Peter unleashed a waterfall on Katie's face. She grimaced and snorted when a little got in her nose, but she licked her lips and smiled, and Peter used that opportunity to aim a little more into her mouth. He then aimed once again at her chest and midsection, spraying circles with everything that remained in his bladder.

Peter breathed as if he had forgotten to while peeing. He was light-headed and dizzy, cherishing the weightlessness in his belly but starting to have trouble staying upright. His midsection gurgled in protest at what he had done to it, his body settling back out and his stomach requesting food that wouldn't fit before. He started to drop to one knee, making sure his right knee missed Katie to her left. He then dropped his left knee, straddling her legs.

Katie opened her eyes, tears and urine dripping from her eyelashes and corners of her eyes. Peter stared, worried that his urine had hurt her eyes. Katie blinked several times, then reached up with her right hand to a bottle of eye rinse on the edge of the tub.

Peter laughed. "You were ready for this," he said.

Katie smiled, small rivulets of pee still making their way down her face. She raised her dripping arms in a request for Peter's embrace, and he obliged.

Peter dropped onto her, the urine pooled on her wetting his clothes as well. The two shared an intense, passionate kiss, as Katie felt Peter's face and Peter stroked her hair, which soaked even more thoroughly in the pool of urine in which she lay. This hadn't been his thing before, but Peter was immensely turned on by the fact that she was bathing in his urine, and that the smell and taste from her mouth were his. He sharply inhaled as Katie reached and touched his crotch, and she giggled.

Katie grabbed his penis and placed it between her thighs, her black soaked denim cradling it with Peter's own warmth. She wiggled her legs, and Peter gasped, moving his pelvis to help the process. Shortly, Peter squirted a thick stickiness between Katie's thighs, which she rubbed together to spread.

Peter hesitated, then placed his right hand on top of Katie's pelvis. He pushed himself up a little onto his left arm to look into Katie's face in a silent request for permission. She smiled brightly, then reached down with her left hand and pressed his hand into position.

Peter unzipped her and pushed her panties to the side, noting the texture of the different wetness he found there. He blushed, thinking about how Katie must have felt leading up to this point. He looked into her face, her smiling cheeks red and her eyes filled with affection.

Peter dropped back down to her lips for a kiss, and simultaneously ran his fingers across her outer labia. Now it was Katie who inhaled sharply, quickly wrapping her arms around him and holding him tight. Peter lightly swirled his fingers around, her skin increasingly warm to the touch. Having an idea, he scooped some of the urine from the tub with his hand and dribbled it over her vagina, then rubbed it around and settled his fingers near the front side.

Katie breathed heavily, her eyes glazed over. Pressing his face against hers, it felt to Peter like she was having a fever. Her breaths became labored but shallow.

The rest of the world drowned out to them both. Peter was as a guest to Katie's heart, and though he didn't quite feel like he belonged, he was nonetheless welcomed with love and open arms.

Katie shuddered and tensed as Peter continued. She writhed underneath him. Then she tensed and gasped, breathing even more heavily near Peter's ear as he kissed her neck. After what seemed like an eternity, it was over, and Peter withdrew his hand.

Still shaking, Katie whispered in his ear: "Grab the towels." Peter plucked a pair of folded bath towels from the floor just outside the tub. Katie positioned them like pillows against the end of the tub.

Peter lay on his right side, Katie lay on her left. As the two faced each other, Peter gazed into Katie's glowing face, her urine-soaked hair still swept back, her urine-soaked clothes hugging her tightly, and the thin puddle of pee in the tub lapping at her left arm and open hand that lay between them.

She pulled Peter in close. "Lets stay like this a while," she said. The two held each other closely, and they drifted off to sleep in each others' warmth.

Epilogue

_____

When they woke up again, Katie turned the showerhead on, and the two rinsed and lathed each other, this time with soap and water. Katie ran the laundry so that Peter would be able to head to work on Monday morning. They had a little more fun together while their clothes washed.

Eventually, early the next morning, it came time for Peter to leave and walk back to his car. He pulled Katie in close for a hug and a kiss before leaving.

Peter smiled into her eyes and said, "Am I guessing right that you'll want to meet up again?"

Katie laughed. "Of course! I wanted a coffee date, and what I got was the time of my life." The two shared another kiss, then Katie waved as Peter set off, both of them already thinking about the next weekend.

_____

Thanks for reading! Never wrote this sort of fiction before, hope it turned out well. Slightly nervous about how my description of non-penetrative sex turned out as my most recent partner and I are still working through childhood trauma that keeps me from experiencing that personally myself, but I wanted to give it a shot and I hope you enjoyed this story

