The Gentleman: Time to Decide

Author: Weasel

*000*2017-11-23 17:08

As promised. If you don't know Parker and Meagan, read these first:

Part 1

Part 2

Part 3

Part 4

Part 5

Part 5 1/2

Part 6

Part 7

We left Parker in a tough spot, as Dacy has just told him the story of how she wet her shorts -- and Meagan is not pleased.

~~~~~~

He went after her.

“Meagan, wait,” Parker said, as he followed her down the hallway.

“So here’s a twist: no.”

“Meagan! Come on, you’re overreacting.”

“I’m overreacting? I’m overreacting? I heard what I heard and I saw what I saw.”

“She was telling me a story, for crying out loud,” Parker said as she slammed the dorm door open and charged outside.

“And you were just eating it up,” she shot back, quietly. “I saw you. There’s a part of you that doesn’t lie.”

“Oh, come on… I mean… look, that part’s really stupid sometimes, okay?”

“Believe me, I know!”

“But I wasn’t…”

She stopped, whirled around, and said, “The rest of you wasn’t lying either.” The ice in her voice and in her eyes made him shiver.

“You were eating it up,” Meagan said, her voice dropping almost to a whisper.

“I wanted to get the fuck out of there!”

“Door was open. You could have left any time.”

Damn it, she’s right about that. I did want to hear the end.

Outmaneuvered, he changed tactics. “Look, you’re basically saying this because of your trust issues, that’s all. You need to chill out.”

“Oh, is that all?” Meagan said. “Is that all?”

“I’m sorry I got turned on by the story! But piss happens, you know? I can’t turn it off or on just when I want to. But listen to me, I don’t…”

He stopped.

“Mister, you don’t get to tell me how I should feel,” Meagan said. “Not now. Not after everything we’ve done together.”

“Wait, I’m confused—”

“Too bad.” She turned again and started striding away.

“Meagan!”

“Don’t follow me.”

“I just want to…”

Meagan whirled around again. “Boy, you will stop following me or I will put you down.”

Parker froze.

He watched her go.

He watched her merge into the crowd.

He watched her until she had vanished from his sight, and then he watched the hole she’d left behind.

~~~

He’d expected the last week of school to be stressful. He just hadn’t thought it would be because of this.

He tried to throw himself into his work. He bounced right out again. He tried to bury his feelings in music. Somehow the songs always ended up sad. He played games where he gunned down many things. Somehow this left him feeling even more tense. He tried to sleep. Sleep wasn’t having it.

After two days of this, his brain and body felt like they’d been dried out, chopped to shreds, scrambled like an egg, then thrown into an oven, and finally dropped down a deep hole.

Jonathan his roommate was naturally no help. Neither was CJ. The guys on the Ultimate team might be better, but a) that felt a little too close to home, and b) they all had finals, too. So Parker consulted his online friends again… the smarter ones, at least.

Dude. she sounds like a piece of work

Girls can get so damn jelous

If i were you man i’d just forget her

Summer’s coming anyway

Thank you for playing, better luck next time

Parker consulted a different online friend.

Sorry to hear that, man.

That sounds really stressful

How can I help?

I’m still trying to figure out what i did wrong

She said i didn’t get to tell her how she should feel

Well duh

What do you mean?

You can’t help what you feel, right? same goes for her

If she’s jealous she’s jealous

You can’t fight the feeling

You can only give her a different one

I mean, think about it

How do *you* feel about her?

Parker didn’t have to think very long.

I was totally falling for her, man.

Ya think?

So if I told you, ‘stop falling for her right now’ could you do it?

Um no

Figured it out yet?

“Oh,” Parker said. “Oh. Oh, shit. I basically said that she should stop feeling jealous right before I told her that I couldn’t stop getting turned on… and she’d done all that for me because of what I felt…”

You still there man?

Oh shit i’m sorry

I litrally just said “oh shit’ out loud and didn’t realize i hadn’t typed it yet

So you got it

Yah

Question now is, what do i do about it

Nah, about that? You got no choice

You gotta apologize, boy

But do you want her back?

Cause i’m smellin the jelly from here and i’m five states away

If she’s that jealous it’s gonna keep coming back

Do you even want her back/

*?

Parker thought.

And Parker remembered…

“Oh, my dear sweet hedgehog, no no no no no. God no!”

“There need to be more guys like you, Parker,” Meagan said. “If there aren’t, I’m gonna have to start renting you out so all my friends can see what they’re missing. And I don’t know if I can do that.”

“Don’t want to share?”

“Can’t decide what to charge.”

“$9.95 an hour.”

“Hon, you are selling yourself seriously short. It would be at least $12.”

The wild dance party, joy just running through both of them…

Meagan naked, struggling to hold it in for just one more second for him…

Meagan riding him, tall in the saddle, a sly and satisfied smile playing across her face…

Meagan’s legs as she did squats in the weight room…

And most of all…

(Savannah, Georgia. Six weeks earlier.)

They had walked out along the warm ocean-side, just the two of them, holding hands, barefoot on the wet sand right at water’s edge. The sun was still high and shining down on their faces. The gulls were crying. Parker still hadn’t quite come down from the high of his birthday present, especially not since he’d spent virtually every waking hour with Meagan since then.

“This is perfect,” he said.

“It’s really not,” Meagan said at once.

“Why? What’s wrong?”

“Nothing is ever perfect.” Meagan stopped walking, let go of his hand, and looked out to sea.

“That’s… pessimistic.”

“No, it’s realistic. Listen, Parker, when I say nothing is ever perfect, I’m speaking from experience here, okay? I thought I had perfect moments with perfect guys. Now those ‘perfect’ moments—” she made the air quotes with her fingers “—are kinda painful memories. Which remind me of even more painful memories. Remember, hon, I have seen some really terrible things, and done a couple of them myself.

“And you know, this is kind of a crapsack world.” She gestured out at the ocean. “Out there people are starving, fighting, stealing, raping, straight-up owning slaves… No moment is ever perfect, not if you’ve got compassion.”

“But that means you can never be happy.”

“You’re mixing up perfection and happiness. I can be happy even if something’s not quite right. I can be happy even if I know the moment won’t last. And I can be happy knowing that however bad it gets, I’m learning. All those ‘perfect’ moments that are kinda painful for me now? I don’t regret any of them. Not to say I’ve got no regrets, because my dear god do I have some. But I’ve learned from it all. And the main thing I’ve learned is that in a crapsack world, you grab onto whatever you can find that’s not crappy. Because it’s all the more important, you see?

“A day like this, a place like this, walking on the warm sand with my sweetie, games to be played with the team I love… that’s about as far from crappy as it gets. So it’s not perfect, but I’m going to remember this as long as I can. As long as I’ve got half a brain left. Because in all the crap, the good moments matter a lot.”

She took his hand.

He stood beside her, following her gaze out across the ocean. They stood quiet for a long moment.

Then he said, “Did you get that from Angel? The ‘no big win’ speech in Season 2?”

She grinned. “You figured it out.”

“I think I…” He paused, started over. “You know, you are the coolest. Wait, I’m learning, I got this! …You are super-cool in a super-uncool world.”

She kissed his cheek, then his lips, and they made out until the tide lapped at their ankles.

He wanted to remember this moment for a long time, too…

Do you even want her back/

*?

Parker’s cursor blinked at him. And then he typed, carefully but firmly:

Absolutely.

Then he closed the chat.

~~~

Meagan worked in the college mail room. This meant it was incredibly easy to get hold of her, as long as you sent your note by interdepartmental mail.

Parker didn’t take that approach—he didn’t trust it to be her who picked it up—but he did sneak into the mail room when he was confident she was at lunch and slipped a note into her mailbox. He’d tried to say as much as possible as shortly as possible, and it had only taken him eleven tries. It read:

Meagan,

I’m sorry. You were right. I was wrong. You’ve really taken care of my feelings and I should have taken care of yours.

Thank you so much, for everything.

Parker

~~~

He hadn’t expected a reply, although he’d hoped for one.

He’d hoped for the knock on his door, but he hadn’t expected to see Dacy standing there.

“Parker, I’m so sorry!” she said immediately. “I think I messed everything up. Um… can we talk? Do you have time?”

Parker was suddenly acutely conscious of Jonathan watching.

“Uh—yeah. Let’s… just… go for a walk, maybe?”

“Sure!”

It had been a while since Parker had seen Dacy dressed so formally. She wasn’t in a suit, but she definitely looked more professional.

“So Meagan didn’t talk to me for, like, two days,” she said. “So all I knew was that something went really really wrong that day and I didn’t know why. She finally calmed down enough to get mad at me.”

“Wait, what?”

“When Meagan gets really really mad, she just locks you out.”

“Yeah, I’m getting that.”

“Uh-huh! So she calmed down enough that she could yell at me, and that’s when she told me she thought I was coming on to you.” She wrinkled her nose. “She didn’t really explain why she thought that...”

Thank you once again, Meagan, for keeping my secret.

“…But then, she wasn’t making total sense because she also said that you were coming on to me.”

“Huh?”

“I know, right? She walked in on us talking, she thought we were flirting, she flips, she doesn’t come home for two days.”

“She didn’t even come back to the room?”

“Nope.”

“Where did she sleep?”

“She says she didn’t.”

“Uh… wow.”

“Yeah. So I calmed her down even more so she was calm enough to not yell at me any more and I think she believed me that I wasn’t into you.”

“You’re not?”

“Yeah, no offense, but you’re really just not what I’m looking for in a guy.”

“Out of curiosity, what am I missing?”

“About three years and six inches,” Dacy said promptly.

“…Which six inches did you have in mind?”

She stuck her tongue out at him. “Parker, I’m shocked! That’s like something I would say!”

He shrugged. “I just work with what you give me.”

“I’d say something back to that but then we’d be flirting and that’s not what I came here for at all because then we’d be proving Meagan’s crazy jealousy right,” Dacy said, all in one breath.

“Um. Okay. How is she now?”

“She turned in her last paper and collapsed. Called in sick at work, too. Hasn’t woken up since.”

“So you didn’t come from her?”

“No, I’m not her go-between. Yet. Would you like me to be?”

“You mean like take messages back and forth?”

“God no! Who has time for that? I meant I’d get the two of you talking again. But I gotta ask if you still want to get back with her.”

“Absolutely. But—”

Dacy waited a whole five seconds, which showed how seriously she was taking this.

“I’m not expecting anything,” he said. “Mostly I just want to make things right before we all go home.”

Dacy nodded. “Okay. And I’m not sure but I think she’s really sad about you. So anyway I thought I’d offer and I talked to you first since you were the one who was awake.”

“Yes. Please. I would be so grateful.”

“Okay. As soon as she wakes up I’ll ask her.”

~~~

The next five days passed incredibly slowly, which was especially bad since it was really only one day. It just felt five times as long.

But even though it felt like most of a year, the phone did eventually ring, and it was Dacy. “Meet us in the quad,” she said, and hung up.

Parker quickly put on a clean shirt and went out. It was getting late, after dinner; the spring sun was setting, but the air was still warm.

Meagan was wearing her cutoff jeans—not classic Daisy Dukes but far more practical loose thigh-lengths—and a maroon tank top and, judging by the strap visible on her left shoulder, a black bra. Her freckled shoulders were in full display, except that she was wearing her hair down. She looked exhausted, and also amazing.

But he kept his hands to himself.

Her eyes flickered to his face, and then away.

Dacy pulled a blanket out of her bag, spread it out on the ground, and said, “Okay, I’ll leave you to it!” and vanished.

Wait, don’t leave, I’m not sure I’m ready for this…

Meagan looked up again and held his gaze at last, and her tired eyes had so clearly been crying. And he couldn’t help it. He stepped closer and spread his arms to fold her in—but just at the last second he remembered. “Hug?” he asked, gently.

She nearly tackled him, she hugged him so hard. This went on some time. Then they broke apart just enough to look each other in the eye again.

“I’m so sorry,” Meagan said.

“I am, too.”

“You don’t need to apologize,” she said.

“Oh, I think I do. The way I treated you—”

“I mean you don’t need to apologize again. I got your note. Thank you for that, by the way.”

“Oh. You’re welcome.”

“It was just about perfect.”

“Some wise person once told me there was no such thing as perfect.”

“Well, that note was pretty close. So sweet and broke my heart. I wish I’d gotten it earlier… do you know I don’t usually check my mailbox very often? The mail room just hands me anything that’s got my name on it.”

“Oh, shit,” he said, grinning. “I didn’t.”

“Yeah, the only reason I got it at all was I was clearing out some of the junk that had piled up this semester. Fuckin’ lucky.”

“I’ll say.”

“And I’d already pretty much made my mind up, but that made it so much easier.”

“Made your mind up on what?”

“I want to talk a few things through with you first.” She glanced at the blanket lying unoccupied on the ground next to them. “Do you wanna sit down? Dacy brought it out here, it would kinda be a waste if we don’t. And she’s trying so hard…”

“Okay,” he said, and released her.

He sat cross-legged; she knelt down, sitting on her heels. She brushed her red-touched hair off her shoulder and said, “So you know I’m like, two years older than you?”

This wasn’t the way he’d expected this conversation to go. “But you’re just a sophomore.”

“I took a year off. Had to. I needed to work enough to pay for this place.” She sighed. “Anyway. I’m definitely older than you. And we both know I’m way more experienced. I thought about that a lot these past few days.”

Yeah, okay, this is a bit more of what I expected. She’s definitely breaking up with me. “Well, you can’t be two full years. Our birthdays are only five months apart.”

“All right, Mr. Precision, seventeen months. But ‘it’s not the years, it’s the mileage.’ What I’m trying to say is, I felt really bad about it. I’m the older one, and you are still figuring relationships out, and so I’m not the one who should have acted like a middle schooler, jumped to all kinds of conclusions, and then stomped off and given everyone the silent treatment.”

“Okay.”

“I finally talked to Dacy, and she told me her side of the story, and I realized I had fucked up well beyond all recognition. You see, I thought either you had asked her to tell you that story about her wetting her pants, or that she had figured out you were into it and she was hitting on you.”

“No, she just volunteered it, totally out of the blue.”

“Yeah, I finally figured that out.”

“So wait. This was all because of a little misunderstanding?”

“No, a little misunderstanding plus my raging trust issues. Like you said.” She held up a hand. “But don’t feel too superior just yet. I was just angry and jealous until then. When you said that, when you just took my secrets and threw them in my face like that, and had the guts to say I was being too emotional about it, all at once? That was, like, the worst possible thing you could have said, in the worst possible way.”

“I know. I’m so, so sorry.”

“I know you are. That’s what made me so glad about your note, that you’d figured it out.”

“I had help.”

“Still counts. The other thing that made me glad about that note was that you didn’t ask me to take you back. I honestly was expecting you to beg. But you didn’t. That honestly made it so much easier.”

“I get it,” Parker said. “Big age gap, bigger experience gap, and summer’s coming. I understand. Easier just to end it.”

“Oh yeah, much easier,” Meagan said.

She took a deep breath.

“But I don’t want to.”

She can’t possibly mean what I think she means…

“I mean, when do I ever do things the easy way?” Meagan asked, spreading her hands questioningly to emphasize her point.

“You wanna stay together?”

Those spread hands came to rest on his shoulders. “I do. I mean, sure it’s gonna be tough, but…”

He kissed her. She kissed him back.

“I’m not gonna complain,” Parker said once he’d gotten his breath back, “but… why?”

“I thought back to that day on the beach… and I thought, Wait, here’s this good thing, like the best thing that’s ever come along in my love life, and I’m going to fuck it up because I’m assuming it’s going to go to crap? Because it’s too hard? No. You’re not perfect, Parker, but I’ve never been with anyone better than you. And you are so infinitely better than everyone else I’ve ever been with. I just… don’t want to let go of that. Of you.”

“I was remembering that day, too.”

“I could tell, from what you said earlier.”

“That’s how I decided I still wanted to be with you,” he said. “I want to be with someone who thinks like that.”

She grinned, a little sheepish. “What, someone who steals their life’s philosophy from a TV show about a vampire detective?”

“Absolutely.”

She kissed him again. And then they kissed each other for a long time.

“You’ve never had a real fight like this before, have you?” Meagan asked.

“Not really. Not one that we came back from.”

“You did a pretty good job, then.”

“Thank you.”

“But you’ve never had make-up sex, have you?”

“Nope.”

“Then you are in for a treat, my friend.” She kissed his cheek. “Are you still leaving Friday?”

“Um, I could push it back a bit. My dad’s driving down to pick me up, he wouldn’t mind waiting, I don’t think.”

“Good. If you can leave Saturday instead we can do this properly.” She looked intently into his eyes. “But this time, we’re gonna do it my way. Basically that means I’ll be in charge. Okay?”

“Yes please,” he said. “I’ve been wanting to ask about that, actually. You’ve been so so good with what I want, I wanna give back with what you want.”

“Do you have any problems with me being in charge? Like, totally in charge?”

“I trust you.”

She kissed him. “You do, don’t you. That means… a lot, you know.

“But don’t worry,” she added, “I don’t think you’ll be disappointed.” She leaned close and whispered in his ear, “Because I’ll be sure to drink lots of water ahead of time.”

“How is this your way, then?”

“You’ll see.”

“Not tonight, though.”

“No. God no. I am exhausted.” She grinned. “Wanna spend the night anyway?”

“Yes please. But can you get Dacy to wear something more than that t-shirt?”

“Believe me, I’ll try.”

That night, they cuddled close under the bedsheet, Meagan as big spoon, and Parker cried a little out of sheer relief and wonder. Meagan heard him or felt him, and hugged him tighter. “I got you,” she said, and there was a little catch in her voice, too. “I got you.”

~~~

The next two days were finals and Parker’s grades probably went up about 5% from what he’d expected to get: up 20 because he was no longer stressing, down 15 because he was thinking about the weekend.

The night after finals were over there were All The Parties, as Meagan put it, and they went drinking and dancing. In the middle of one party Meagan led Parker off the dance floor and upstairs to where there was a shorter line for the bathroom, and made out with him until their turn came, and took him in with her. “Lotta drunk guys at this party,” she explained as she undid her belt and pulled down her pants. “I wanted an escort. And I wanted you to see this,” she added as she sat down on the toilet and started to pee.

“Is this the start of the make-up sex?”

“Call it the prologue.” She pulled grabbed his hand and pulled him in for a kiss, still peeing. “I just want you thinking about me and pee the next little while, that’s all,” she explained.

“Oh, believe me, I’m thinking about it.”

“You do that.”

On Friday, nothing much happened before noon because of the mass hangover, and then the mass exodus began, as people packed up dorm rooms, loaded cars, and drove away for the summer. Meagan and Parker were no exception, except that they helped each other pack so they could stay closer together. Parker’s roommate Jonathan was already mostly packed, which made Parker’s job pretty easy. They put a lot of his stuff into storage for next year, then took his suitcase and duffel bag and backpack over to Meagan’s room. Dacy was taking a lot longer to clean up and Meagan hadn’t even started yet, but between the three of them they got Dacy’s stuff out to her mother’s car without problems and put most of Meagan’s rather fewer belongings into storage. A few crucial items remained in Meagan’s bedside table, however.

And all throughout it, Meagan kept sipping water, steadily. And often as she did, she gave Parker’s hand a squeeze, or gave him a quick wink, or just raised one eyebrow with a knowing look.

Dacy’s mom took them all out to dinner, which was a very nice change from the cafeteria (which was closed anyway), and then they said their farewells in the parking lot. Dacy gave them both big hugs. Parker tried not to get too excited about this, and Dacy definitely kept it brief compared to the long embrace she gave to Meagan.

“I’m so so so glad you guys are okay again,” Dacy said. “You are so sweet together, I just couldn’t stand it!”

“We’re pretty glad too,” Parker said dryly.

“I love you both! Stay in touch! Have good sex! See you in August!”

Then she was gone, and suddenly the whole campus seemed quiet.

Meagan took Parker by the hands and drew him close. She smooched him several times quickly on his cheek and nose and (standing on tiptoe) forehead, then gave him a long, lingering kiss with her hand on his back pressing him firmly to her.

“Alone at last,” she whispered in his ear.

His blood started pounding.

“And guess what?”

“Hmm?”

“I kinda need to pee. I haven’t gone for hours.”

“I noticed.”

“Shall we go for a walk?”

“Not inside?”

“No, silly, we’ve been in dorm rooms all day, and the sun won’t be down for an hour. Besides, we’ve got to make me wait a little longer, don’t we?”

“Where are you at, scale of 1 to 10?”

“Oh, I don’t know. I can hold so dang long it’s hard to judge these things. But I can tell you this much, I’d go right now if I weren’t holding it for you.”

Those words sent a shiver through him. She grinned and ran a finger up his back, underneath his shirt. “That’s what I want to see,” she said.

They strolled through the sports fields behind campus, then up the gentle hill toward where the woods began, holding hands, occasionally stopping for another kiss, occasionally stopping so they could take drinks from Meagan’s bottle, which she had carefully taken with them. They talked of various things, but somehow the conversation always circled back around to their relationship…

“I’m gonna be working all June and July.”

“Where do you work again?”

“Camp Graham, remember? I get to corral herds of fifth and sixth graders for nine straight weeks.”

“Do you get any time off?”

“Oh yeah, the parents show up on Saturday morning and we always threaten that if there’s a kid still there at noon we’ll leave them for the wolves. And then we don’t have to be back on duty until the first kids for the next week come in on Sunday afternoon. Saturdays we generally party, Sunday morning we generally sleep, but that doesn’t take all the time. So I can definitely call you on the weekend.”

“Mm, sounds tough.”

“Oh, it is. You would not believe what those girls get themselves into.”

“Drama?”

“Like none other.”

“Ever need to run the boys out of the girls’ side of camp?”

“At least once a year. Pays pretty well, though, and that’s the crucial bit. But then that leaves us with August.”

“What about it?”

“I’m thinking you could come out and see me the week before school starts and we can go up to my family’s cabin. Then maybe we can drive down to school together. How’s that sound?”

“Fantastic!”

“’Kay, it’s a deal! We can talk more once I talk to my uncle, he’s the one who owns it.”

“Okay, I’m really excited now.”

“That was the general idea,” Meagan said, her voice suddenly turning sultry.

“Not that way!”

“Oh, you should be, though. A cabin on 47 acres of forest land? All to ourselves? We can get up to so much fun that way.”

“Well, now that you put it that way...”

“For instance,” she said, “I can show you how girls can pee in the woods. Or would you like to see that right now? We’ve got trees right over there.”

Parker swallowed. “That would be kinda nice…”

“But there’s no one around,” Meagan said. “I could just drop my pants and squat down right here.”

“Do you want to?”

“Mmmm. I kinda do. It’s getting a little more urgent now.”

“If you want to, go ahead.”

“Mmmmmmmmm.” She wrapped her arms around him and laced her fingers together behind his neck, pulling him down for a kiss. And then another. “I think I want to tell you something first.”

“Sure.”

“We’re doing this my way. Remember? And that means I’m in charge.”

“Yeah. I remember.”

“So you no longer get to decide when I pee. ‘Kay?”

“Got it.”

“So if I wanted to do this—” she undid the top button of her cutoffs and unzipped them, revealing a flash of the green cotton below “—and then pop a squat, that would be my call. But instead I’m going to hold it a little longer, because you like it so much.”

“I really do.”

“Well, I’m going to wait. And you are going to wait. Because I’m in charge, and so you won’t cum until I say so. Got it?”

“Uh… okay.”

“Touch my clit, Parker,” she said, and he found it through the unzipped fly, under the green cotton. She shivered a little, then ran a trailing finger down the crotch of his jeans. He was a little hard underneath; at her touch, he got a little harder.

“You like that?”

“Yup.”

“You like that I’m holding it for you?”

“Fuck yes.”

“Good. Good.” She kissed him, long and lingering, and then zipped up her cutoffs—without redoing the top button, he noticed—and took him by the hand and led him up to the woods.

They went a short way in, where it was not too dark to see yet but was still under a little cover.

“Ever seen a girl pee in a tree, Parker?”

“Can’t say I have.”

“Someday you will, I promise.” She leaned back against a tree and beckoned to him. “Kiss me, Parker,” she commanded, and he hurried to obey. He stiffened further as he pressed against her body.

“Time for a new rule, I think,” Meagan said. “You don’t get to touch your cock any more. Even rubbing it up against me. ‘Kay? Only I get to decide when you get touched.”

This was… oddly thrilling. “Got it.”

“Take my shirt off, hon.” She held up her arms to make it easy for him, and he did as he was told, shivering a bit more with the excitement of doing this outside.

She was wearing a black bra again. “Take this off me,” she said, turning her back to him, “but do not touch my breasts.”

This took some time, since he fumbled with it. She shrugged out of the bra straps, holding the cups up to her breasts with her hands.

“Take the bra from me, fold it up, and put it in my back pocket. You don’t get to touch my ass, either.”

He pulled it out of her hands, which she kept covering her breasts, and followed instructions.

“Kiss my shoulders. But don’t touch my back with your hands.”

As he leaned close to do this, she backed into him with her butt and brushed it against his crotch, then drew away. After a few kisses on her freckled shoulders, she turned around, still cupping her breasts.

“Do you want to see these?” she said.

“Always.”

“Pay the price.” She puckered her lips, and he kissed them. She slid her hands down slowly, down onto her belly, then down to her hips, and stood posed like that, watching his eyes, which were looking hungrily at her.

He bent to kiss them.

“No,” she said, firmly and gently, and pushed him back. She brought her hands to her breasts again, pushing them together. “You like that?”

“Uh-huh.”

“Would you like to put your cock there? Slide in right between them?”

“Uh, yeah.”

“We’ll do that someday, then,” she said. “But not right now. Right now, I really need to pee. What do you think? Should I pee right here?” She unzipped the fly of her jean cutoffs again.

“You’re in charge.”

“Fuckin’ right I am,” she said. She pulled the cutoffs down to her thighs, then her panties… but she kept one hand covering her crotch almost demurely.

“Look closely, but it’s look and don’t touch,” Meagan said. She leaned back against the tree again and went into a sitting position. Parker watched, transfixed.

“Just fix this picture in your mind,” she whispered. “Wait for the sound of my piss hitting the ground.”

Nothing happened for a long moment, except that Parker’s breathing was going a lot faster. Then Meagan stood up and pulled her pants up again.

“You didn’t pee?”

“I decide when and where, remember?” Meagan said. “But imagine that I might have, hmm? Imagine what that would be like.”

He did, and swallowed hard.

She pulled her shirt back on—but didn’t put her bra back on before she did. “Getting a little cold out here?” Meagan asked, cradling her hands under her breasts and lifting them up for his inspection. Her nipples were visibly hard through the cotton.

“Not really,” he said, truthfully.

“Mmmhmm. This is all me, not the weather.” She gave a little shiver. “And feeling the shirt rubbing direct on my nips… mmm, that’s nice right now.” She took his hand. “You know what else feels nice?”

“What?”

“I am definitely ready to go find a place to pee. I think we’ll go back to the dorm now.”

As they passed the spot on the path where she’d first unzipped her shorts, Parker asked, “How bad do you need to go?”

“If I want you to know I’ll tell you,” Meagan said, warmly.

“Ah. Got it.”

“But since I do want you to know, I’ll tell you right now. If I weren’t with you I would have peed in the woods.”

“Would you really pee out in the open, like you said?”

She thought about it. “I think I’d have to be a little bit more desperate for that. I’d probably try to find some cover, even if no one was watching. But would you like me to do that someday? Out in public, no cover at all?”

“Yes please.”

“We’ll see if we can arrange that,” Meagan said. She stopped for a moment. “Imagine me squatting down right here,” she said. “Pants around my ankles. Bare-assed. Just picture that for a second.”

He shivered, and shivered again as she traced the bulge at the front of his jeans with her fingers.

“What I might do, if no one were around,” she said, “is take this out and play with it a little. Would you like that?”

“Yes. Yes…”

“Would you like that right now?”

“Yes, please.”

“Mmm, too bad,” she said, taking her hand away. “I’ve got plans for you. But also I don’t want to wait around here much longer, since I’m not going to pop a squat for you. Let’s get back.”

Campus was almost empty, so they strolled through the brick buildings and tree-lined paths without any worries about the three erections (two small and breast-mounted, one large and at the crotch) that were fairly visible to the world close up. As they came to the lock on Meagan’s dorm, she crossed her legs as she slid the card through the card reader.

“Now what?” Parker whispered, and wondered why he was bothering. “Bathroom?”

“Oh, not yet,” Meagan purred, leading him down the hall by the hand. “I can last a little longer.”

The door of her dorm room closed behind them. The room felt very empty, very strange, with all of the decorations down and most of the stuff packed away. But Meagan had left her bed intact, as well as a thin drape that she was using to cover the white-painted cinder-block wall, so that still felt familiar.

Meagan turned to Parker, pulled him close, kissed him, and then crossed her legs. “So for your information,” she said, “I’m at the leg-crossing stage, obviously…I can hold it a while longer, but not without help. Those pelvic muscles are starting to get a little tired.” She took a drink from her Nalgene water bottle, and then held her arms straight up above her head, as if to have her shirt taken off. Something in the gesture was incredibly sensual. “Would you like to see me with my shirt off?” she asked.

“Of course,” he said, and moved to help, but she shook her head.

“Pay the price first,” she said. “Your shirt for mine.”

He pulled his off immediately.

“Now mine. But remember, no touching.”

He did so.

She brought her bare arms down and folded her hands to press against her crotch. This had the useful effect of pushing up her breasts.

“You like these, don’t you,” she said softly.

“Yes.”

“You want to touch them. Kiss them.”

“Yes.”

“Not yet. Do you want me to take my pants off?”

“Yes, please…”

“Pay the price again. Pants and boxers. Your nakedness for my jeans.”

He kicked off his shoes, shucked off his socks, and stripped.

“Sit down on the bed.”

She uncrossed her legs—and winced, and then ditched her sandals. She’d never re-buttoned the top of her jeans. She unzipped them slowly now, folding back the flaps to reveal more and more of her green panties, and finally peeled the waistband off her hips entirely and pushed the denim to the floor. She stepped out of them—how did she make even that look seductive?—and leaned close. She held her hands pressed against her crotch, again forcing her boobs together, which combined with gravity to create a vast valley in her chest.

“Do you like what you see?” she whispered.

“Yes.”

“What do you like most? The boobs? Or my hands on my crotch?”

He swallowed. “That’s really hard.”

“Just to let you know, I really do need to keep holding on down there,” she said. “I never have to hold myself like that. You know that. But I really need to go that bad.” She smiled. “Does that help you decide?”

“Yeah…”

Parker was shivering with arousal now. His cock was iron-hard, and the tip was drooling cum.

Meagan took one hand away from her groin to trace a knuckle down Parker’s cheek and neck, and a finger down his chest to his belly, and then to his hard-on. She caressed his cock with just that one finger.

“Do you need to let go of something, too?”

His teeth were starting to chatter. He couldn’t answer. But that was enough of an answer itself.

“Would my hand help with that, too?”

He managed to nod.

“Or my boobs?”

A rather more vigorous nod.

“Or would you like to fuck me?”

Frantic nodding.

She drew back. She slid one hand under the waistband of her panties to hold herself. “Take these off me,” she commanded, “but don’t touch anything except my legs. Not my butt, not my crotch.”

With some difficulty, because basic motor skills were slipping, he managed to pull them down to her thighs. As soon as the fabric left her crotch, however, she jerked and gasped and squeezed her legs together over her hand. For a long moment she got a highly focused look on her face. Then she relaxed slightly. “That was close,” she said. “The second those came off me, I needed to go ten times worse. I don’t think I can hold it much longer.” She caressed his cheek. “You like the words, don’t you? When I tell you how badly I need to go?”

He nodded again.

“I think I can hold on another few minutes. Not very much longer than that, though. I am nearly leaking. My hand’s already wet, though. You know why?”

He could only look pleadingly at her.

“I’m so wet for you. I love how hard I’ve made you. I love how desperate I’ve made you. You know what I love most about your fetish? The fact that I can control you so dang easily just by holding it. All I have to do is be whisper in your ear ‘I’m bursting’ and you get hard.

“So yeah. I am dripping wet for you. Do you want to come in me?”

He nodded so fiercely it looked like he was head-banging, and she chuckled low in her throat.

“Get on the edge of the bed.”

As he scooted forward, she turned around so her back was to him. She bent into a crouch, and began what he could only call a pee-dance lap dance. She squirmed, she writhed, obviously fighting for every second now. But what she did, as she squirmed, was brush her butt against his thighs, his chest and belly, and—very rarely against his cock. Somehow she always managed to miss that.

He finally found his voice. “Please, please, can I fuck you?”

She stopped dancing—well, controlled it, and looked over her shoulder. “No, you can’t,” she whispered.

“I know I’m not allowed to touch myself,” he said, “but please, can you touch me? I need… I need to…”

“I know what you need,” she purred. “And you need it just as bad as I need to piss. Not yet. For either of us. I think I’m done touching your cock tonight.”

“Can I touch you?”

She settled herself on his left leg, hands still wedged in between her legs. “You can touch my shoulders,” she said, “and my back. But not my breasts. Not my butt. Not my crotch.”

“Can I kiss you?”

“You may.”

After just a few moments of making out, she whispered in his ear, “Guess what?”

“What?”

“You’re not coming tonight.”

He jerked as if she’d hit him.

“Oh, don’t worry, we’ll get you there,” she whispered again. “But not tonight.”

She stood up. “I’m going to go pee,” she said, “because I am about to explode. Stay on the bed and do not touch yourself. If you do you’ll probably blow your load in a heartbeat and that would be a real waste. If you’re limp by the time I get back you’ll be in serious trouble. If you’re starting to get soft ‘cause I’m not in sight, just remember what it is I’m doing in the bathroom. In fact, I’m going to leave both doors open. I’ll bet you’ll be able to hear me from here.”

Still clutching her crotch with one hand, she went over to her closet, where a few things were still hanging, and pulled out something he’d never seen before: a bathrobe. Maybe a kimono, he wasn’t sure, but it was clearly designed for being looked at rather than keeping the wearer warm: it was thin, and short—only thigh-length. She put it on one arm at a time, keeping the other hand pressed between her legs. She couldn’t tie the belt with only one hand, however, so instead she just held it closed—that other hand still crushed between her thighs—as she stepped out into the hall, bent almost double. Anyone looking at her would probably get quite a good idea of what she looked like naked, because her boobs were nearly falling out and it was easy enough to see her crotch.

Aware that there were still people in the dorm, Parker scooted back onto the bed so Meagan’s closet hid most of him. As soon as this was done, he heard the bathroom door swing open and heard Meagan flip down the doorstop. He imagined her using her toe, maybe leaning on the door with her head as she tried to manage the simple task while holding on for dear life. He heard a stall door slam back on its hinges. And a moment later, he heard an absolute thunderous piss. And over it, just barely audible, a choked-back moan.

She peed fast, he’d noticed, letting it all out in a torrent, but tonight it still took a while.

And he was not going to have any trouble staying hard.

After the gusher stopped, he couldn’t hear anything for a few minutes. Then, finally, a faint sound of paper rolling, followed by a flush. She washed her hands, closed the bathroom door behind her, and came back into the room.

She was wearing her kimono properly this time, belted at the waist; it didn’t do much to hide her, though, for it fell open very wide at the chest and if she turned too fast, the thin fabric billowed out and her boob was totally visible from the right angle.

She closed the dorm door and came over to the bed. She grabbed her Nalgene and took two long drinks. Then she knelt down, straddling him, and the kimono fabric pulled up and apart and it was entirely obvious she wasn’t wearing anything underneath—which he’d already known, of course, but it was still thrilling.

“I’m shaking,” she said, and he could feel it in her thighs, bracketing his own.

“Better?”

“Oh yeah. I basically came while I was peeing, I think. Or at least it felt like I came.”

“But I can’t come?”

“No. Because this is how I get off, my dear sweet hedgehog: controlling my lover. I think you can probably figure out why, if there’s any blood left in your brain.”

“Not a lot,” Parker said, “but yeah, I think I get it.”

“So what we’re going to do now,” Meagan said, “is bring you back down without getting you off. It’s gonna take a little while.”

She shrugged out of the kimono, and its silk fell across his knees behind her.

“Getting naked again is gonna help?” Parker asked skeptically.

“Yes, actually, because we’re not going to do anything with it and your body will get bored. Get on the edge of the bed again.”

He was skeptical that her nakedness would ever bore him, but moved back to where she’d given him that dance. She knelt behind him, clasping his hips with her thighs, pressing her breasts to his bare back, and cuddled him, gently stroking his cheek. She held him still like that. At first the delight of having her naked behind him kept him pretty hard, but gradually his cock did shrink a little, because she wasn’t moving or stroking or dancing or holding (either him or her pee). Eventually she had him sit on the floor (on a pillow) and gave him a shoulder rub, occasionally taking swigs from her bottle. He couldn’t say he was totally relaxed, but he wasn’t rock-hard rampant any more.

“I’m gonna test you out,” Meagan said, and cradled his mostly-limp cock in her hand. Instantly he hardened again.

“Still pretty sensitive, huh?”

“Yeah.”

“It’ll take a little longer, then.”

They didn’t say anything for a long time. She massaged his shoulders, his neck, his scalp, and gradually he relaxed.

“How are you feeling, beautiful?” Meagan asked.

“That was intense,” Parker said. “Like, the most exciting thing that’s ever happened to me.”

“Better than your birthday?”

“Yeah. Definitely. And I didn’t even come!”

“No, you did not. So you learned something today, huh? You can have a great moment like that and not blow your load. I wasn’t planning on coming either. It just… slipped out.”

“I kinda wish mine had… I can’t believe you did all that to me and I didn’t just spontaneously explode!”

“Don’t worry. A lot of guys can’t come without some touch. I was hoping you were one of them, and it sure seems like you are. And don’t worry about this, either: you will come like a rocket again. Just not tonight.”

“Tomorrow?”

“You’ll come when I want you to come.”

“It’ll have to be tomorrow. We’re leaving tomorrow.” And suddenly the sadness of that hit him.

“Shh. We’re doing a lot of things tomorrow,” she said. “It’ll be a good day. You’ll see.”

She ran her fingers through his hair again. “Are you all right with me running this show? A lot of guys have some problems with being out of control like this.”

“Not a problem. Never been a problem. I’ve always been in your hands, Meagan,” he said. “I love you.”

She stopped stroking his hair, took his face between her palms, and kissed him. Then she said, “I know.”

“You do?”

“You nearly told me on the beach in Savannah. I heard you. I didn’t say anything then because, well, young love, and we were still pretty new together. Actually, we still are, but we’ve had our first seriously big fight and survived. We talked about a lot of heavy stuff and we’re making up, and that’s pretty huge. I can’t promise we’ll do great at long-distance. I’ve never done that before. But we’re going to try. Because I think I’m falling for you too, Parker. Not sure how that happened.”

“You’ve never been in love?”

“Two or three times. But I thought I’d learned better.”

“Maybe this time it’ll be different.”

“It already is, beautiful boy. That’s why we’re in this bed together right now.”

She yawned. “Speaking of bed… I am wiped. That holding takes it out of me, you know?”

“It’s still only 9:15.”

“Early to bed, early to rise. We’ll get up and have a good long day. Besides, I have to drive, so I want plenty of sleep.”

He got dressed, used the bathroom, brushed his teeth, came back to bed, stripped off again (except his boxers), and fell into her arms. It was only 9:30 when they turned the lights out.

“There’s really only one thing that worries me about tomorrow,” Meagan murmured into his shoulder, as she spooned him again.

“Hmm?”

“I’m worried you’re gonna have a wet dream and all my careful prep work will be for nothing.”

“Well, I’ll try not to.”

“You better. I know exactly where and when I want you to come, and it’s not on my sheets at 4am.”

He shivered a little.

“Sleep well, lover,” she said through a yawn.

~~~

He woke up from an intensely erotic dream and found he was hard again. He got out of bed, walked around the room a few minutes to let the blood drain out, and went to the bathroom. When he came back into the room, Meagan made an adorable questioning noise as she felt for him in the bed. He crawled back in beside her. “Just got up to pee,” he said.

“Lucky you,” she murmured, and then passed out again without explanation.

~~~

When he woke up the second time, he was hard once more… but that was because Meagan was giving him a blow job. When she realized he was awake, she stopped, wiped her mouth, and grinned at him. “Good morning, lover,” she said.

“Don’t stop,” he croaked.

“Oh, I can’t wrap up our fun so soon!” she said cheerfully. “I have plans.”

“How on earth are you this awake so early…?” Parker mumbled, fumbling for his watch: 5:20.

“Well, we did get to bed early, too,” Meagan said. “That’s part of it. But the other part is my plan for today.”

“Which is…?”

“I am not going to pee today until you come, and I gotta go. So I woke you up.”

“Next time, all you need to do to wake me up is say that.”

She grinned even more broadly. “Thought that would get your attention.”

“I think I’m pretty ready,” Parker said, “especially after last night.”

“Oh, you’re not gonna come just yet,” Meagan said, playfully powerful.

“Then why wake me up?”

“Because the fun is in how it affects you, silly. I’m probably not going to do this on my own, you know. But I love love love doing it with you because I love having my hand on your on switch.”

“You mentioned, last night.”

“Mmhm. So if I’m gonna be squirming all over this room for the next hour or so, I definitely want my audience. And I don’t think you’d want to miss it, would you?”

“Definitely not.”

She stood up and stretched. “Mmmmmmmm. This feels delicious. I really do wanna pee right now. Not gonna, though. I know exactly when I get to pee.”

“When?”

“Spoilers, buddy.” She patted her bladder. “Definitely full. If I were waking up alone, I’d go to the bathroom right now. If I were home alone, I wouldn’t even stop to put on clothes. If I were at camp, though… I’d have to get up, get some clothes on, get my sandals on, and walk over to the bathrooms. There have been some mornings when that walk was hard, hard, hard.”

“Do you ever pee outside at camp?”

“Mmm, not really? Maybe once on a Saturday after the kids went home? We’re generally close to the bathrooms. Sometimes we’re in the middle of something and it takes a little longer, but that’s generally not a problem for me. I’m good at holding.”

“And how.”

She bounced on her toes, bounced around, then looked at the floor of the dorm with a measuring eye and did a cartwheel.

“Oof,” she said as she came back up from that. “That was a little tricky.”

“I could watch this all day,” Parker said. “You are seriously full of beans.”

“Full of pee and not nearly full enough of you,” Meagan said.

“We could change that.”

She smiled. “Not unless I give the word. Part of this is about denying myself, you know. It’s all about the control. The trust. That’s probably why you’re so good at this game. You trust me. And you listen. Last time I tried this, the guy would not stick to his part. I had to pry his hands off me or off his dick half a dozen times.”

Parker’s face scrunched up at the thought of Meagan playing this game with someone else. She noticed and jumped back on the bed next to him, kissing him passionately. “Stay with me, hedgehog. We’re here, right now. I’m with you. You know I want you.”

“Thank you,” he said. “That helped.”

“You know what else will help?”

“Hmm?”

“Wanna feel how full I am?”

“Yes please.”

She took his hand in hers and pulled it to that place between crotch and belly. She wasn’t bulging out, but her muscles were definitely taut.

“Just for you. All for you.”

“That definitely helps.”

She jumped up again, wincing only slightly as her feet hit the floor. She pranced around for a few minutes. “This is seriously fun,” she said.

“Yeah?”

“Yeah. I love driving you crazy for me.”

She struck a “desperate” pose, hands placed on her crotch, breasts pushed together by her arms, bent slightly forward and her butt slightly out. Then she spun in a circle. Her hair went wild and she paused a moment to comb it out with her fingers. Somehow that simple act—admittedly with her naked and obviously slightly desperate—was intensely attractive, even more than the pose.

Meagan fidgeted for a few more minutes, then stopped her prancing and looked around the room. “Hmmm. Where would I pee in here?”

“Trash can.”

“Been there, done that. Out the window, maybe?” She backed up and pointed her butt to the window (the blinds were closed).

“Really? Anybody might see you.”

“At 5 in the morning on a nearly-empty campus? Doubt it.” Her eyes lit up. “I like it. You could be in front of me. I could blow you or you could be in between my boobs… Do you want to do that?”

A thrill ran through him. “Um, at this rate I just can’t wait to fuck you somehow. And watch you pee. Yeah. I could do that.”

“You look like you’re nearly ready, yeah,” Meagan said with a grin. She straightened up. “But we’re not going to.”

“You really like yanking my chain, don’t you.”

“Yup, that’s the idea. Besides, I’ll get us where we want to go.”

“I hope so.”

Meagan bounced on her toes again. “Want to know how bad I need to go?”

“Duh!”

“If I were driving somewhere, I’d start thinking about pulling over anywhere I could see some cover.”

“Really? Already?”

“Remember how much water I drank last night, after I peed?”

“Mmmm…”

“Also it’s morning and I always need to pee as soon as I wake up, and also also, I’m naked and that’s making me go even more.”

Her eyes flashed to her closet. She ran lightly over and pulled out a big thick bath towel. “I could just fold this up and pee on this,” she said. “Pretty absorbent. I could crouch down, you could jack off onto me… or I could just stand up and let it go down my legs…”

She gave him an appraising look. “Come here, Parker,” she commanded.

When he came over, she gave his cock a light stroke—not that it needed much help to stay stiff—and then told him, “Lay down on the towel.”

He did, staring up at her, wondering what was about to happen.

She stood over him, one leg on either side of him, just touching his hips. “Do you want me to fuck you right here on the floor?”

“Please. The floor, the bed—anywhere.”

She crouched down in a squat, straddling him. “Even if I pissed all over you? I can’t hold it much longer, you know. I might leak during sex.”

“Yes. Please.”

She bent low and kissed him. She took his cock in her hand, steered it between her legs, touched the tip to her inner lips… then paused, went rigid, hands clenched—and then let her breath out slowly. “Okay. Now I’m really on the clock,” she said.

She stood up carefully, backed up against the side of Dacy’s now-empty closet, and leaned against it. She spread her legs slightly and he wondered if she was about to forget about the puddle and just pee right there. But instead her fingers went to work. Her eyes went half-lidded.

He watched, fascinated.

“Watch me, Parker,” she said. “Remember this. This is me getting wet for you. Soon it’ll be your turn.” She paused fingering herself to tuck one thigh up a little closer. “Whew. Getting harder to hold. Remember this. I need to go so bad. For you. Remember this all summer long.”

“Yes, ma’am,” he said, heart racing.

“Come here, lover.”

He got up off the bed, stepped to her side.

“Do you want to touch me?”

“Yes. Yes please.”

“Do you want me to touch you?”

“Oh yes.”

“I’ll give you one of them. Caress me, lover. Keep it above my waist—no, above my belly button. And keep it gentle.”

“Can I touch your breasts?”

“Yes.”

He kissed her, he stroked her, he fondled her breasts until her nipples went hard as his cock, he made out with her neck and her mouth and her freckles. All the while her eyes were mostly closed, her fingers busy down below. Her breath was coming fast.

“’Kay, I think I’m ready,” Meagan said.

“For what?”

“For getting you in me and getting the pee out of me, in that order. Grab your towel and the condoms and the lube.”

“Where are we going?”

“A place you’ve probably dreamed about all your life.” She gingerly took her hands away from her crotch, picked up her towel, and wrapped it around her, then grabbed her bag of shower gear. He did the same with his towel, trying to hide the lube and condoms in the folds.

She opened the door and looked out into the hall: no one in sight. “Wait here,” she said, and went over to the girls’ bathroom. She stepped inside. A few seconds later she poked her head back out and beckoned him over. He closed the door behind him, carefully checking to make sure it didn’t lock behind them. That was a mistake you didn’t make twice.

When he stepped into the girls’ room, Meagan had her legs crossed. “I really wish I hadn’t looked at the toilets,” she whispered.

He looked around.

“Welcome to forbidden ground,” Meagan intoned. “C’mon, we’re in here.”

The girls’ showers were arranged individually, with two curtains: one outer, one inner. Meagan drew him into one, closed the outer curtain, and dropped her towel on the little bench in the outer part. “If anyone comes in,” she whispered, “I’m turning the shower on, ready or not. ‘Kay?”

“Got it.”

She wriggled a little, then crouched down and sat on her heel. “God, gotta go. Really gotta go. Lube?”

He handed her the bottle. She gave him a few big drops on the tip of his fierce hard-on and rubbed it around with her fingers. He groaned a little. She grinned.

“Condom next.”

He held it out. She expertly tore the package open and unrolled it onto him, full length, tip pinched between her fingers. She then gave him several more squirts of lube and rubbed his length, very slowly.

He moaned again.

“That’s a sound I like to hear,” she whispered. “But don’t come too fast, hon.”

“I dunno, I need it so bad… I want you so bad…”

“I know. I know just how much you want me. But you need to look and not touch for another minute,” she said. She stood up and posed against the inner wall of the shower, one hand up the wall, one hand at her crotch, fingering herself.

“You know how hard it is for me to hold on right now?” she whispered.

He shivered.

“I’m really bursting.”

Shiver. “As bad as last night?” he asked.

“No. And not as bad as your birthday night, either. I did that deliberately, though. C’mon in, lover.”

He stepped to her side.

“I’m bursting,” she said in his ear, “but I’m pretty sure I can still fit you in me. Do you wanna fuck me?”

“So bad.”

“Do you wanna come in me?”

“Yes. Yes, please.”

She waited a long moment, then turned to face the wall. She looked over her shoulder and said, “You may. I want you in me. And you can touch me wherever you want from now on. Except my bladder.”

As usual he fumbled to find the right place. She reached between her legs and steered him to the proper spot. But he had a hard time getting into her.

“It’s because I’m holding on so tight,” she whispered. “Okay, I’m gonna relax a bit… and hope I don’t leak…”

She eased up a bit, he pushed a little harder, the lube did its job, and he was in.

“Let me shift a bit, bad angle…”

And then:

“Oh god,” Meagan moaned. “That feels amazing. Be gentle, but that feels absolutely incredible. You can go a little deeper. A little more. And a tiny bit harder. Mmmm, yes, yes. Oh yes. Come in me, come in me, fill me up even more. Mmmmmm…”

“You’re so tight,” Parker whispered, “it’s amazing, even through the condom...”

She turned her head to say to him over her shoulder, “Yes, lover, yes, that’s just right. You’re fucking me and it feels so good. Every time you thrust I nearly leak, I need to go so bad, but it feels amazing, don’t you dare stop. Come in me, come on, come on. Remember that I nearly burst last night teasing you? Remember that you nearly burst when I gave you that lap dance? Remember that I haven’t peed since fuckin’ yesterday?”

He kept thrusting. It didn’t feel quite right, the condom never did, but he was so desperate to come he didn’t care, couldn’t care, just kept pushing on through it. And the way she was squeezing really was amazing.

“Aw fuck I gotta go, I gotta go. You feel great, Parker, you feel so great...” She braced herself on one hand and sent her other one diving for her clit. “Come on. Come on. Come in me.”

And then, suddenly, she was coming. He could feel the contractions ripple through her whole body, including her inner muscles.

“Ah, ah, I’m coming. Yes. Yesssssss. Aw, fuck, keep going, keep going, you’re amazing. Yes, come, come, my love, come in me.”

He could feel it welling up in him, and then…

“I got you, love, I got you, I got you, I gotta go, I got you…”

Boom

“It’s okay, no one can hear you, keep going,” Megan said.

“Meagan, I’m on fire, I’m on fire...”

“Yes. Yes. I got you. Yes.”

Exhausted, drained, weak at the knees, he had to hang on to her hips to keep himself upright.

“No problem,” she said. “No problem. Hold on. Yes.”

He drew back… and she squeezed him right out of her. “Sorry!” she said. “Well, not that sorry, ‘cause I’m peeing right now. Watch...”

She let go.

Her stream drummed on the tiles of the shower, thundered, hissed and steamed and roared out of her. She moaned again. He could feel the spray on his legs, on his feet; Meagan’s legs were clearly getting soaked. He was still clinging to her and he could feel the tension pour out of her along with the piss. It was not long—it never was, with her—but for a few moments it felt like a warm waterfall.

She straightened up, ran her hands up her body to her breasts and then up into a sultry stretch. “Aw yeah,” she said.

He leaned against the shower wall. “I can barely stand up,” he said.

“Me too. That’s how you know you did it right, huh?”

They stood, panting, for another long minute.

“Shower?” Meagan said. “I’m glad I remembered the soap.”

They hadn’t showered together before. It was fun, although Parker was still seeing spots and couldn’t let go of the wall or he’d fall over. Meagan washed him, and most of herself, but let him do her breasts and shoulders.

Then they just stood under the warm shower and made out for a little while.

Finally they toweled off and, leaning against each other, made their way back to the room, where they promptly fell over onto the bed.

“How you feelin’, love?” Meagan asked.

“God, that was the best I have ever had. Best. Ever.”

“I’m trying to think of something that was better for me, too… Top Three, at least, but I think that was maybe the Greatest of All Time for me, too.”

“…Do you think anyone heard us?”

“Dunno. We kinda forgot to be quiet at the end there, didn’t we? But I don’t think anyone’s going to complain. And if they do… well, they can deal with it. It’s our last time for a while. We had to make it good.”

“So good.”

“I didn’t boss you around this much this morning, I wasn’t quite in the same mood. But how was that?”

“Just fine. And how was the holding?”

“Oh, I could have held on even longer if I had to, it’s just it’s hard to hit that window of totally desperate but not so much you won’t be able to fit.”

“God, you’re awesome.”

“Thank you.”

“Seriously. I am in awe of your muscles.”

She cuddled him. “I’m glad you liked it. I love being able to turn you on so much. It matches my own thing just about perfectly.”

“You know, Meagan?”

“Hmm?”

“‘This could be the start of a beautiful friendship.’”

“‘Start’? I’m insulted. I just fucked you so hard you couldn’t stand, and you say that’s the start of a friendship?” She took any sting out of her words with a kiss.

“It’s a quote! From Casablanca!”

“Oh, haven’t seen that yet. But anyway, it’s still wrong. What this is, is the end of the beginning.” She grinned at him, sly, sexy. “We’re just getting warmed up.”

~~~~~

This ends Parker’s story… and begins the story of Parker and Meagan, together.

Their adventures will continue in 2018, under a new title.

Thank you for reading!

*005*2017-11-24 18:44

Aww, thanks, y'all!

Seriously, this means a lot. I've never really had fans before...

{{On 11/23/2017 at 1:23 PM, littlebird said:

Absolutely amazing! Can't wait for next year :) thank you for making such an incredible story. Often with omo stories the authors forget to flesh out the plot, but not you. Sometimes I forgot I was even reading an omo story because of how into the plot I got! Thank you again for writing one of the best stories around ?

}}

Littlebird, that's just about what I was going for, thanks so much! There will definitely be more plot to come (although I do remember a sexy fanfic that was called "Plot? What Plot?" and I'm tempted to make a story just to reuse the title...).

As some people have requested, I'm going to put all the stories together in one document so people can read them together and offline. I've also written a little "mini-story" as a prologue that some people might find interesting, and a detailed "Author's Note" that basically explains why I wrote the story, my influences, etc. I'm also going to write a couple little story snippets to help blend the stories together, though mostly focusing on the relationships and not on the sexy bits. Once I've put that together I'm considering selling it here on omo.org, reasonably priced of course. So that's one thing that will keep me busy for the rest of 2017.

I'm also writing a separate story, not related to Meagan and Parker at all, so keep your eyes open for that.

But don't worry -- the next Meagan/Parker story is already drafted, although it's not very good yet, and I have story ideas for many more to come. Next year's gonna be fun!

*007*2017-12-02 06:31

{{On 11/29/2017 at 4:57 AM, Thar said:

Wow, Many MANY thanks for these story's. They felt alive and refreshing. I really liked the writing and way the story build up. Great to see the characters develop, each having there own individuality, instead of being "girl from class #3". I'm in complete agreement to as what LittleBird said previous. Just amazing.

So, ehm. Keep up the good work! and again. Thanks for the story!

}}

Thank you, Thar. The characterization was what I was really the most interested in, so I'm pleased to hear other people were excited about it. I really wrote this series for my own amusement and for the challenge, but I'm delighted people are enjoying it so much!

*009*2017-12-09 01:09

{{On 12/7/2017 at 3:22 PM, ola93 said:

Took me a few days to find some time to read this chapter, but, as Meagan showed, the anticipation may only have made it better and oh my was it worth looking forward to. I just love how this is a seriously good story themed around omo instead of just another omorashi tale without anything else to enjoy.

}}

Thanks, ola! I love anticipation myself, which is one reason I strung this out so long. But I also hate it when something you have happily anticipated for a long time doesn't come out as good as you hoped. So I'm glad my tale did not disappoint.

*011*2018-03-12 04:26

Thanks!

