Things that happen during the night

Author: Wolf-93

*000*2011-12-29 11:05

It was only yesterday I posted my first story here, but I can't resist to share this one with you. Some of you might know this one. I posted it on Deviant Art before, but I'm not a member there anymore. This story contains both male and female desperation, some wetting, wetting and eventually also urolagnia. This story has a sequel. If you want me to post that one, just let me know.

Things that happen during the night

It was just past midnight when we left our country for a long trip to England. Our school decided it would be nice if they would take all senior year students on an educative trip. I liked the idea of going to England, but I didn’t like the fact it had to be with all my classmates. I never wasn’t really into my peers, I preferred adults more. I just turned 19 and my classmates were much younger than I was. They were noisy, annoying and never seemed to get tired of talking and screaming. This is how I ended up sitting next to my English teacher Amy, instead of next to one of my classmates. It made me slightly nervous, for she was a very good-looking person. Apart from being beautiful, she was also very nice to me. She made me laugh. I didn’t laugh that often.

It would be a long drive and then we would enter a ferry that would take us to the mainland of England. At the moment most of the people were being noisy, they were still full of energy of course. I felt really tired and decided I would have to sleep something. Carefully I looked next to me and saw that Amy had closed her eyes as well. She was also listening to some music, which would probably be classical music. I knew she loved that. For a moment I kept staring at her, but after a while I knew I had to stop staring. It wasn’t really appropriate to stare at your teacher. As silent as possible I turned back again and closed my eyes as well. For a moment I thought I was drifting to sleep, but because of the noise I couldn’t really. Probably Amy wasn’t really sleeping either, just pretending to.

We were driving for about an hour when I became extremely thirsty. I had avoided drinking for a while, because I was afraid that I might need the toilet during the bus ride. They told us we wouldn’t stop before 3 pm, because we had to catch the ferry. Otherwise we wouldn’t be able to get to London in time. Sadly enough I really needed to drink something now, before I would die out of dehydration. Carefully I took my bag of the floor and grabbed a bottle of water. I started drinking and before I knew I gulped all the water down.

‘’Well, you were thirsty, weren’t you?’’

Surprised I looked up and saw Amy smiling at me. I stared at her for a moment. Then I nodded and smiled back at her. She sighed and then rose from her seat. I looked puzzled at her. She walked away and soon she returned to her seat again, holding a damping cup of coffee.

‘’Need something to stay awake, otherwise they’ll break down the bus!’’ She said, while nodding at the teenagers next to us, who were still being noisy. Amy was the only teacher in front of the bus and had to keep an eye on everybody.

Amy nipped at her coffee and then smiled at nothing in particular. I suppose it was good coffee. Before I knew she drank all of it and left again to get another cup. I checked my watch and saw it would take another hour and forty-five minutes before we would make a stop. I wondered if Amy had a strong bladder that could hold all that liquid. Surely she had drank something before we left?

The trip continued and it was getting more and more quiet in the bus. Most people were sleeping by now, but I couldn’t. Amy wasn’t sleeping either, so we talked about some random subjects. She told me about London and other interesting towns in England. During that conversation I noticed she was moving around in her seat. I wondered if she needed to use the bathroom. To be honest; I could do with a loo. Carefully I shifted in my seat as well when I thought Amy wasn’t looking.

‘’Liam, do you know what time it is?’’

I slightly jumped in my seat, because she just called my name. Quickly I checked my watch.

‘’Almost 2 pm, so it’ll be an hour until we can stretch our legs.’’

‘’That’s still an hour indeed,’’ she sighed, ‘’pity there’s no toilet on board here.’’

She spoke the words silently, making sure I was the only one who would hear them. I wonder why she shared this kind of information with me, but it made my heart leap. She needed to pee; all that coffee she drank wanted to get out. Even though it turned me on, I couldn’t be too happy about it, because she wasn’t the only one needing a toilet.

‘’I need to pee as well,’’ I murmured, shifting in my seat to give my words that extra touch of earnest.

Amy smiled at me, nodding as if to say ‘it’s okay, don’t worry about it’. I smiled back at her. My penis slightly hardened, for she turned me on a bit. My cheeks turned red, which made me feel even more uncomfortable.

Time ticked by slowly and my need to urinate grew with every five minutes. I noticed Amy was having a hard time as well. Suddenly she crossed her legs and casually checked if the pupils next to her were sleeping. When she noticed they were, she grabbed her crotch for a brief moment and then quickly released again. When I saw her doing that, my cock hardened even more and I couldn’t resist the urge to grab myself as well. My right hand slipped in my jeans and I quickly grabbed my hardening cock. My boxer shorts felt slightly sticky, probably because I was sweating like mad down there.

When I got my hand out of my pants again, Amy still wasn’t paying attention to me. She was too busy holding her urine inside. It fascinated me that an older woman needed a pee just as bad as I.

‘’Eh, miss, are you okay?’’

It was a tricky thing to ask, for she didn’t look okay, but I couldn’t resist asking her.

‘’Not really, I’m bursting. Hope we will stop soon!’’

‘’Don’t worry, we will be there soon.’’

With that our conversation was over. We both were too busy holding ourselves. After another twenty minutes, the bus stopped and the driver woke everybody by playing some loud music. Amy cursed under her breath. Probably the music got her out of her concentration. I strongly believed her urge to pee was worse then mine. I just really wanted to pee. She couldn’t wait to pee.

When everybody was leaving the bus, Amy had to make sure everybody actually left the bus. The other teachers did the same. I decided to wait until everybody left, so I could take a leak against a tree. The loo would be very crowded; it was the first stop so everybody would want to take a pee.

When finally everybody left the bus, only Amy, the bus driver and I were still in there. Amy had her legs crossed and I had to grab my penis every fifteen seconds. Amy started walking out of the bus and I just followed her. When we got outside, several boys were walking out of the bushes towards the restaurant. They probably all decided the toilet would be too crowded for them. I thought the same and carefully walked towards a tree, already unbuttoning my jeans. Strangely enough Amy followed me into the woods. She wasn’t going to squat down here, wasn’t she?

‘’I’m sorry Liam, I can’t wait.’’

Amy lifted her skirt, pushed her panties out of the way and sat down behind the tree I was going to pee on. Soon I heard the sound of pee splashing against mud. By hearing this my pee started traveling down my penis as well.

‘’Fuck, fuck, fuck!’’

Pee was dripping out of my penis and making my boxer shorts more then a bit damp. Quickly I got my penis out of my boxer shorts and walked around the tree. Amy was still peeing there. I carefully pointed the other way and let my urine flow.

Amy finished peeing sooner then I, but that was because she started peeing earlier then I and besides I was much younger. My bladder could probably hold more then hers.

Suddenly an arm wrapped around my waist. Amy was standing behind me, while I was still relieving myself. Soon I was done peeing. Amy then turned me around, my penis pointing at her. I immediately got hard. If anybody could see us, we would be dead. Nobody should see this.

‘’Amy, shouldn’t we stop this?’’

‘’Why, aren’t you interested then? I believe your little friend is interested!’’

I swallowed. I surely was interested, I always felt weak when she was near. She made me feel wanted; she made me feel like I was worth living for.

‘’I just think we shouldn’t do this here…’’

Amy nodded at this, stroked me several times and then stuffed my penis back into my pants again. This took some effort, for I was rock-hard. When she buttoned me up again, she stroked me trough my jeans and before I could register it, semen was dripping down my boxer shorts. Now I was completely wet.

Finally we arrived in London. I felt really dirty and smelly, but thankfully all those teenagers didn’t smell very nice either. When we got to our hotel, everybody got to their rooms. I was lucky that I shared a room with me, myself and I. There was one single room, but nobody wanted to sleep alone, apart from me. The teachers also got single rooms, which made me nervous. Would Amy come to my room? Should I go to hers? Whatever would happen, I would have to wait until tonight. We had an hour to get ready now; after that we would go to London for some sightseeing.

I took a nice shower, threw on some clean clothes and made sure I looked fabulous for a day in London. Even though I didn’t care what other people thought of me; I still wanted to look amazing. I wanted to feel amazing.

After fifty minutes I went to the hall, were we had to wait until everybody arrived. Amy was already waiting there when I entered. She also was wearing other clothes. When she noticed me, she turned towards her colleagues. I wondered where she was playing at. Did she regret what had happened earlier? I feared so, but I decided not to think about it. I was in London for fuck’s sake! I wanted to enjoy this.

All day we had been walking through London. By the time we arrived back at the hotel, my feet were hurting, my bladder was aching and I was very, very tired. When we were allowed to leave to our rooms, I quickly ran up the stairs and entered my room. There I closed the door behind me, kicked my shoes of my feet and walked into the bathroom, while unbuttoning my jeans. I lifted the toilet-seat and got my penis out. I sighed relieved when my urine dripped into the toilet. Maybe next time I shouldn’t wait that long. I always waited too long of course, but it wasn’t a really smart thing to do.

When I finished, I flushed the toilet and also took my pants of. Soon my shirt followed and I dived on the bed. I got a bottle of wine out of my bag, which I bought during a break. I always needed some booze; otherwise I couldn’t sleep through the night.

While drowning the bottle of wine, I thought of Amy. My penis hardened again while thinking of her. Carefully I stroked myself; I wanted a nice orgasm, not a quick one to just get over it. First I touched myself while I kept my boxer shorts on, but soon I got my hand into it. My cock twitched and I closed my eyes. The bottle of wine got emptier with every minute; my need to come grew bigger. Soon I was jerking myself off, enjoying every second of it. I really hoped Amy would walk in now, that she would let me enter her. I needed it. I wanted it.

I almost came when I heard a knock at the door. My bottle of wine was empty already. Carefully I got of the bed, making sure not to fall over. I was pee-drunk. When I finally was able to open the door, Amy was standing in front of me. I smiled at her and let her enter. After that I locked the door.

When I locked the door, she immediately took hold of me and started to kiss me. A bit insecure I kissed back. She started stroking me again and soon I came again. It was then I felt that I needed to pee terribly urgent.

‘’Amy, I hafta pee.’’

I couldn’t speak properly anymore, the alcohol and my penis wanting more took hold of me.

‘’Come,’’ Amy demanded. She took me into the bathroom and slipped my boxer shorts down. My cock felt a bit numb. I had to pee really bad.

‘’I want you to pee on me, Liam.’’

My brain didn’t exactly register what she was saying, but before I knew she took hold of my cock and I started peeing on her. She had somehow completely undressed herself in a matter of seconds and was standing naked in front of me. My urine flowed down her belly and onto the ground. When I was done peeing I got hard again.

We had amazing sex that night. I felt loved. Loved by a woman.

When I threw up in London that morning because of my hangover, she was my teacher again. Said she would call my parents. Nobody would ever know what had happened between the two of us. But we knew what happened.

She would probably never let me go to the toilet during her classes again, but I was okay with that. Maybe this would happen again sometime… Who knows?

*002*2011-12-30 09:37

Well, I think most teachers won't try this one out, just because they will lose their job when it comes out... It's just a bit of a fantasy of mine, just because it's so not done. The ending is a bit rushed indeed. I wanted to have that part in it but I didn't want to describe it too detailed. Not only because I have no idea how to describe sex, but also because he is drunk. Like you said, you don't remember that much when you're really drunk. :)

However, thanks a lot for replying! I will post the sequel soon!

