Yo Kai Watch: Jibanyan Omorashi

Author: wheatley

*000*2015-12-09 04:25

Before you start a riot, yes I watch anime. Anyways I got this idea from an episode of Yo Kai Watch where Nate uses Fidgephant, a Yo Kai that makes you have go take a whiz very badly, even at the worst possible times, to snap Jibanyan out of depression and into having to urinate. Anyways enjoy.

###

A day in the city, everything seems normal. Just doing... city stuff I guess. You can enjoy your days walking around and eating the best of food known to existence. Everything seems normal, right? riiiiiiiiiiiiight?

WRONG! There are actually invisible beings that change the world with their mischievous ways. And this is all seen by a normal kid named Nate: wielder of the Yo Kai Watch, a magical device that enables him to see the Yo Kai and summon them with medals.

Anyway, our story starts in the park. Where Nate is sitting at the bench enjoying the day with his Yo Kai butler Whisper and his roommate Jibanyan, who is also a Yo Kai.

*SLURRRK, GULP* "man, I never knew these shakes were so good, neow." Jibanyan said as he took another large gulp. He was really enjoying the park sale, and was also having a good time.

"You know, if you drink that too fast, it can end up coming back on you. hehe," Nate said with a smile on his face.

"What? you mean as in... oh..." Whisper said. "Yes, Nate has a point there. Don't you remember what happened to you with Fidgephant?"

"Ah, it'll be fine! what are the odds of that happening again?" Jibanyan said as he threw the empty cup into the garbage bin. Then some guy came up and screamed STOP RIGHT THERE CRIMINAL!

"Uh... who is THAT!?" Nate said.

"Ah, yes. This appears to be Det. HoldIt. He's a person who watches over Yo Kai to make sure they follow the law properly." Whisper said. "So what are you after Jibanyyan for? He seems innocent."

"YOU KNOW WHAT HE DID!" Det. HoldIt said. "He threw a recyclable cup IN THE TRASH CAN!"

"woah woah woah, this doesn't seem like something to give Jibanyan a ticket." Nate said. After a bit of talk they found it would be a fine of $1,000.

"WHAT!? I DON'T HAVE THAT KIND OF-"

"Hold on Nate! come back here behind the tree. Jibanyan you come back too." Whisper said as he dragged them behind a tree. They came up with the good plan to run. Meanwhile Jibanyan was feeling that shake coming back at him.

'I can hold it, i'm a Yo kai' he thought. Then Nate and company made a run for it.

"YOU GET BACK HERE! STOP BREAKING THE LAW!" HoldIt screamed as he chased them Nate had to act fast, and decided to use a medal.

"Alright, I have a plan! i'm gonna use Wuzzat to get him off us! Yo Kai medal, DO YOUR THING!"

"NO NATE WAIT THAT'S THE MEDAL FOR-"

SUMMONING TOUGH! FIDGEPHANT!​

"Fidgephant..."

"this can still work! Fidgephant, use your power on Det. HoldIt!" Nate said. then Fidgephant sent a ring at HoldIt, but it missed and hit Jibanyan. (if you ask me, I think this is the work of buhu)

"NNGH! Fidgephant you IDIOT!" Jibanyan was hit with the powerful urge to see a man about a horse (you yo kai watch fans should know what that means). Anyways after that predicament they made more of a run for it.

"ok, I think I have the right one! Yo Kai medal, DO YOUR THING!"

SUMMONING CHARMING! CADIN!

​​

​​"AH! well that was a nice nap! ming ming! Oh, hey Nate!"

"NATE THAT WAS THE WRONG MEDAL! AGAIN!" Whisper yelled. Just as that happened HoldIt caught the four of them. Then they were thrown into a jail cell.

"Let me guess. You threw a recyclable cup is the trash."

"Yep."

"Well, I guess i'll try and get us out, ming ming." Cadin tried to cut through the bars but ran out of energy very quickly. "I might need some help."

"nngh, Naaaaaaate! I still need help, neow!" Jibanyan was losing his bladder strength. He was jumping around, hands in crotch, the kind of stuff you do when you need to urinate. Meanwhile Nate was busy trying to get them out.

"Sorry Jibanyan, i'll help soon. Alright, Yo Kai medal, DO YOUR THING!"

SUMMONING BRAVE! BLAZION!​

So after 5 minutes of Blazion and Cadin trying to break the bar, still no progress and Cadin just gave up while Blazion kept attacking the bar. Then Cadin went to help Jibanyan.

"Is something wrong, ming ming?" Cadin said in his supportive tone.

"AAH! it's coming out already!"

"uh, hey Cadin, you don't happen to have something that can store liquids, do you?"

"Actually, i have something else! I picked up this special key only cicadas hold, ming ming! just give me a second." Cadin put the key in a secret lock and revealed a hidden bathroom. "There you go. Go ahead and do what you need to."

"I CANT TAKE THIS ANYMORE!" Jibanyan ran into the bathroom, shut the door, removed his under clothing (if he has any), sat on the toilet, and released a torrent of urine. He urinated for about 3 minutes, give or take the affect Fidgephant gave him. He then flushed, washed his hands, and came out.

"Ahh, that feels so much better, neow." Jibanyan sighed with relief. Then Blazion broke the bar and ran off.

"Wow, he actually did it," Whisper said.

"Well he was determinated. so how about we go to the park?" Nate asked. Everyone agreed and they went out, with Det. HoldIt never knowing they escaped.

THE END

No Yo Kai were harmed in the making of this story​

