Pokemon Request Trade

Author: wheatley

*000*2016-01-28 00:21

I'm doing a fic trade with DerpySquid, and this is where i'll be posting my stories from his part of the ideas.

Keep in mind this won't be affecting any of my own stories. It's just me doing some requests for DerpySquid.

EDIT: I ended up posting this in the wrong topic by mistake, which I can't understand because I clearly remember posting it here. If there's any way I can undo that other post i'd like to know.

###

Petal meadow, a beautiful plains area known in the region. It's a place perfect for, oh I don't know, a picnic maybe a campout, or a walk. I would go for one if I weren't a disembodied voice. Anyways, this is a very... "special" walk for a kid named Zapp. Well he's a Pikachu for who knows why, but doesn't really matter. He took his team of pokemon on a walk into the plains for a day off. His team consists of Charizard (and his son Charmander), Blastoise, Ivysaur, Lucario, Flareon, Ninetales, and Jolteon.

Zapp: Ahh, I told you guys this was a good idea. This is the perfect day for a walk.

Blastoise: Don't push it kid. Seriously, don't.

Ninetales: I like this. It reminds me of times before I became a legendary.

Zapp took out his water bottle and gulped down the last of it's content. Him, along with everyone else, drank a lot before and during the walk. Zapp felt a slight pain in his lower half, but decided to ignore it. Charmander on the other hand couldn't hold on as well.

Charmander: Um, Pop?

Charizard: What's up?

Charmander: I, uh, I need to-

Ivysaur: Hey Zappy, when's the next town?

Zapp: Uh, the next town is going to be another 5 hours away. Why do you ask?

Ivysaur: Well, I need to take a leak.

Charmander cringed after hearing that.

Charizard: That what you need?

Charmander: Yes...

Blastoise: Don't sweat champ. There's a good chance there could be a stop sometime soon. Just hold on.

While everyone was walking, the liquids from earlier went through them faster then a Noko. Forget I said that. Anyways they kept going for about an hour until someone spoke up.

Flareon: Um, hey Zapp?

Zapp: Yeah?

Flareon: You remember what Charmander said back there?

Zapp: Yes, what are you playing at?

Flareon: I need to go too.

Zapp: Oh for the love of-

Blastoise: Yeah, i'm with Flareon on this one.

Jolteon: Hey, we're sorruounded by empty land, why don't we just let loose here?

Zapp: ARE YOU SERIOUS!? This is a Public land!

Lucario: I an with young master Zapp on this one. If we are caught we can get a very high fine.

Jolteon: So? How much you got on you?

Zapp: I literally only have enough to buy a candy bar.

They kept on walking, throwing out the idea of using the plains, but nobody can hold on forever. About 2 hours later, everyone was having their doubts.

Ninetales: A- are we any closer to a stop?

Zapp: nope. The next stop is another 2 hour walk.

Charizard: I am not walking for another two hours!

Flareon: well, I guess we should head back then.

They turned around and went back, trying to hold on, but no luck. Nobody could hide how bad they needed to go, except for Charizard, who refused to grab himself in front of his son. Zapp dug through his bag and pulled out a plastic bowl and his empty water bottle.

Zapp: Hey guys! I have something we can use!

Everyone gathered around Zapp to see what he was planning, and knew exactly what thei options were.

Ivysaur: looks like only one of us can use one of these.

Ninetales: But which one of us?

Charizard remained silent, still trying to prevent grabbing himself. He was about to wet himself, and Zapp found a way to help him out.

Zapp: Alight, um, Charmander can use the bowl, Lucario you go with him.

Lucario: Of course young master Zapp.

Jolteon: Seriously that's going to get annoying after a while.

Lucario left with Charmander into the forest, with everyone else left to choose on who uses the bottle. Charizard then grabbed his crotch now that his son wasn't looking.

Blastoise: Alright, so who gets the bottle?

Ninetales: I think I should use it because HELLO? Legendary?

Jolteon: Riiiight, and why does that make you worthy of a bottle?

Charizard: Hey! I'm the one that went three hours not grabbing my crotch!I should get this bottle!

Everyone kept arguing for two minutes over who gets the bottle, until Flareon noticed something.

Flareon: Hey, where's Zapp?

Zapp came walking back, brushing his gloved paws on his hoodie.

Zapp: *Whistling Super Mario Bros. Theme*

Charizard: Where were you? And where's the bottle?

Zapp: Who do you think was holding the bottle?

Ivysaur: OH COME ON! ARE YOU SERIOUS!?

Everyone ran off into the forest, except for Ivysaur, who wet himself out of sheer rage. It went on for about a minute and a half. Once he finished, he was still very peeved off with Zapp, and attacked him.

Meanwhile in the forest, Charmander and Lucario found the right place to use the bowl.

Charmander: Oh man, finally! I can't take it anymore!

Charmander peed into the bowl for about two minutes, looking relieved to release the pent up urine he kept holding for four, maybe five hours.

I would tell you what happened to Lucario, but i'll save that for the end. For now, Charizard and Blastoise were somewhere in the forest.

Blastoise: Well I hope you don't mind Charizard old buddy, but i'm just going to give out here.

Blastoise ran behind a tree, trying to get his bottom half free, but went too little too late. Once he lost it, so did Charizard.

Charizard: Urk...

They both went on for four minutes each, and once they finished they had to clean up before meeting up with the others.

As for the girls, They got separated during their rush. Jolteon and Flareon were with each other, and no sighn of Ninetales.

Flareon: Ahh, how much did I drink!? I'm supposed to be a fire type!

Jolteon: As long as we don't run into any pokemon we should be-

Machop: Hey! I found one!

Machop threw a large rock at Jolteon, hitting her right in her swollen bladder. She ended up losing total control in front of flareon.

Flareon: AAH! I CAN"T HOLD IT ANYMORE!

Flareon ​ended up peeing herself from the sight of Jolteon's incident. They both went for three minutes while Machop ran.

*Back at the path*

Everyone except for Charmander, Lucaario, and Zapp had a wet spot at their crotch.

Zapp: So, what happed to Ninetales?

Ninetales: I gave up.

Zapp: right, and Lucario? Did you make it dry?

Lucario: Well, yes and no. I found a good spot, but not dry.

Zapp: Ohh... eww...

Everyone just sat there chatting, and Zapp having a black eye from Ivysaur. After a bit they headed back home.

END

​

*002*2016-01-28 01:05

{{:

If your looking for notes id say too many characters

}}

Well it's DerpySquid's idea for the characters, not mine. But I don't blame him.

*006*2016-01-29 23:42

Glad to see you've gotten to your end of the bargain. I liked this. Also i'm pretty sure anybody would know their genders if they watched the trailers.

*009*2016-02-03 01:20

Alright, here's my end of the deal. Also sorry it took so long.

###

The story starts on this extremely empty plane, with nobody around. Zapp and his team are sitting in a surprisingly empty plane. They were heading to Lava Lava island to do some research. But i'm getting ahead of myself. First, I should introduce the team to you. Zapp's team consists of (other then Zapp is his Pikachu body) Charmander, Charizard, Lucario, Riolu, Absol, and Arcanine. All of which are males.

Zapp: zzz...

Charizard: Jeez, does he always sleep so easily?

Absol: I think he's just tired. It was a long walk to the airport.

Charizard: Right. Well whatever.

Zapp was sleeping on a few sheets of newspaper and covered with a rubber blanket, both of which will be explained later. Things were going pretty smoothly for the first few hours. Just relaxation and patience. It was an hour after those first few hours that problems arrived.

Arcanine stood up and started to get off his seat.

Absol: Where are you going?

Arcanine: I'm gonna go pee. *chuckle* i'll be right back.

Speaker: This is your pilot speaking. We are currently experiencing a malfunction I the plane's stabilizer. Please remain seated until we land for your safety.

Arcanine: Great, that means I can't go until we get off.

Lucario: Well, it should not be too far. Just try to hang on and i'm sure you'll be fine.

*2 hours later*

Charmander: Well, it's been two hours later. According to the little thing above my text.

Riolu: SHH! We're not supposed to talk about that! We'll be in big trouble if we do!

Absol: Well, so much for a quick landing. 'maybe all that water earlier was a bad idea.'

I porbably should have mentioned, everyone drank a lot of water before and during the trip to the airport. I'd be surprised if you didn't know where that was going.

Charizard: You'd think we would land soon but no. Well I really need to take a leak.

Lucario: Same here, as the young ones say.

It wasn't so bad, so it seemed everyone would be fine. But after half an hour, things were getting even worse. The plane hasn't come close to landing, and everyone was getting desperate. Nobody could hide how bad they needed to go (except for Zapp because, you know, asleep).

Arcanine: G- guys, I can't hold out much longer.

Charizard: I think we got ripped off on this ride.

Charmander: Well, let's see... it says here we wil be landing in 10- no wait, one hour. There was a ketchup stain.

Lucario: I for one am ready to give out.

Absol: I GIVE UP!

Urine ended up running down Absol's legs into the seat once he gave up. He breathed heavily, not caring about wetting himself. That was just about enough to put everyone else out of their misery. I'll save you some time, two minutes out of everyone, two miutes of pent up urine dripping down, and into the seat.

Arcanine: Well, that was about the most emberassing thing I've ever done.

Zapp: zzz...

Charizard: Wait, the kid drank twice as much as I did. How come we haven't seen him wet himself?

Lucario: Do you remember that I put young master Zapp on a few sheets of newspaper?

Charizard: Yes.

Lucario: and do you notice the rubber blanket?

Charizard: Yes, what are you saying?

Lucario: What comes into your mind when you hear that?

Absol: I don't know what your- oh, right.

I hope I don't have to spell it out for you. Anyways Once they landed they hurried out before anyone could notice.

END

Sorry if it's a bit short. There's not really much to work with.

*013*2016-02-13 00:03

Great job. i really did enjoy this.

*015*2016-02-13 06:52

{{:

I think Emolga, Pikachu, and Oshawott forgot something though.

}}

And what would that be?

*017*2016-02-13 20:15

{{:

Dunsparce.

}}

Oh yeah, I guess derpy forgot about that. What was planned was Dunsparce's request was supposed to be a fake that emboar and haxorus used to trick emolga to going there, then go with the plan shown in the story. Since that's not added I guess sequel confirmed? maybe? anybody? no?

*019*2016-02-14 03:10

Alright, let's take a break from fourth wall breaks, and here you go.

###

This story goes from Treasure town. Well, more like the more concealed parts of treasure town. You know, that strange dark place nobody is allowed to go unless they want to disappear from existence? Not literally though, that's what Arceus does. Anyways this little dark cave is home to one of the deadliest teams in Treasure town.

This deadly trio consists of Charizard, Lucario, and the new guy Charmander. Although you can think of them as brawn, brains, and rookie. These guys are led by a very mysterious being who lays around telling them what to do instead of going with them on heists. I'm not pointing fingers at who he is (I seriously don't know either) but I can tell you he's a very tough guy. But for now we'll call him Rudy.

Lucario: So tell me why you brought this guy here. He doesn't look like he can be of use.

Charizard: Well I was thinking we could use a new guy since security has gotten tight. Besides this guy looks innocent enough to get something done.

Lucario: Alright, just don't expect me to give him any of my share.

Charmander gulped down the rest of his bottle, ready to get his first mission of the day started. As expected, He drank several bottles, and it's going to come back on him eventually. Along with someone else later in this story. Anyways a few hours later is when we get into the real stuff.

Rudy: Hey guys, if you're done with the chitchat I've got your next mission.

Charmander: I'm ready!

Rudy: Who's the new guy? Nevermind, no time for that now. Listen, for your next heist you need to make a jailbreak. We're going into this little dungeon, where they're holding two pokemon.

Lucario: Can you give us some detail?

Rudy: Um, let's see, we got a Shinx and a Pikachu. They should be on the 25th floor, and it's heavily guarded.

Charizard: Alright, let's get going. Grab any supplies we might need and let's get going.

Everyone got their supplies, along with the explosive they'll need to do the special "breaking an entering" cause that's what cool criminals do. I think. I'm a disembodied voice, I don't know this stuff! Anyways after grabbing their equipment they left for the dungeon.

*In the jailroom*

Pikachu: Day... What day is it again?

Shinx: mmphmph mmph mmmmph mmphmmpmmph.

Pikachu: Oh yeah, day 37. Thanks.

Pikachu was chained to the wall, but only by the torso, not his arms or legs. Shinx on the other hand had all four of his legs tied together, he was upside down, and as you may have noticed he was muzzled. These two were put under arrest for taking a crystal from the stone mine. Honestly if you don't want anyone taking it, put a don't touch anything sign or something. Oh, but I know what the crystal was. But i'm not telling cause i'm a jerk.

Pikachu: Anyways, I hired some dudes to help us get out of here. We just need to wait.

Shinx: mmph mmh mmmph mmpmmph.

Pikachu: Watch it potty mouth, we don't need any more trouble from these guys.

Suddenly a guard opened the gate door and walked over to the two of them. He was a machoke with an ancient symbol on his chest, and he was carrying a bottle full of some sort of pink liquid.

Machoke: Alright, time for the day's abuse.

Pikachu: What did we do to deserve this!?

Machoke: Nothing! But I can do whatever I want cause i'm on guard duty! Now shut your mouth if you know what's good for you!

Machoke took off the cap of the bottle, pulled off Shinx's muzzle, then immediately shoved the open end of the bottle into his mouth, forcing him to gulp down every single drop of that stuff. Once it was completely empty, he pulled the bottle out of Shinx's mouth and put the cap on.

Shinx: *cough cough* Dear god, what was that!? *cough* It was disgusting!

Machoke: It was a bottle of Pecha juice that's about three years old. Thanks for helping us get rid of it.

Shinx: Why you little son of a-

Before Shinx could finish his sentence, Machoke shoved the muzzle back over Shinx's mouth, turning the rest of his words into muffles. Then he left the room, and shut the gate behind him.

Pikachu: Jeez, what a jerk. You alright Shinx?

Shinx: mmph mph mmpmmph mmph.

Pikachu: Oh for the love of god, are you serious!?

Shinx: mmph mmmmph mphmmph mmph!

Pikachu: Well the guys should be here soon. Try to keep your potty from coming out of more than your mouth.

*In the Dungeon*

Meanwhile in the dungeon, Charizard and the others made it quite far into the place. There were a lot of guards trying to stop them, but they made it with ease. Alright I lied. They actually only made it into floor 5 in the last hour. Charmander was starting to feel the drinks from the base go through him at a very fast pace. Also, it got into the uncomfortable range, as expected, and started squirming.

Charizard: You alright new guy?

Charmander: Yeah, i'm just eager to get this heist done.

A few floors later, by that I mean floor 11, Charmander was reaching the desperation stage of "holding yourself in secret" where he grabbed his crotch when the guys weren't looking. Anyways this kind of stuff went on and more liquids went straight to the bladder until they made it to floor 25. By that time Charmander was extremely desperate, along with a certain blue pokemon in the jail cell.

Lucario: Alright, Charizard, you got the bomb?

Charizard: Yep, it's right here.

Charizard set the bomb on the wall where Lucario pinpointed the cell. Then It went off, and Pikachu and Shinx flew across the room into the gate.

Pikachu: Ow, talk about making an entrance!

Charizard: Stay here rookie, watch our backs.

Charmander: G- got it...

Charizard and Lucario barged into the room and took care of buisness. Charizard took out the guards in a very violent manner while Lucario freed Pikachu and Shinx. Meanwhile Charmander was in the back, still in desperation. His bladder was practically punching him with brute force, trying to let the inevitable happen. Eventually Charmander realized he couldn't take anymore and jumped behind a rock from behind the room and accepted his fate. In one painful strike from his bladder, he released. His bladder couldn't take anymore, so he let go right there. The warm liquid slipped through his dark orange hands and down his legs before reaching their resting point on the hard stone ground. For about two minutes this went on, and Charmander couldn't help but sigh in relief as he finally let go. After two minutes of that, it stopped, and he dried himself off with no trace of what happened.

Meanwhile in the cell, Charizard had beaten all of the guards unconscious. Maybe dead. Let's say they're not dead. Anyways Lucario flipped Shinx over on his feet, and went to the wire holding Shinx's legs together. By the time he got the wire off, Shinx immediately crossed his hind legs and shived one of his paws into his crotch area.

Lucario: Woah! You alright?

Shinx ran out into another room on the floor at the speed of a lightning bolt without saying anything. THen again, he was still muzzled so it would just be a bunch of muffles.

Pikachu: He just needed to pee. One of the guards abused him by making him drink old berry juice.

Lucario: cruel.

In the room Shinx was in, He tripped as he was running and crashed headfirst onto the ground. He released a spurt of urine, which only made his need worse. At that time he turned on his side, kept his legs crossed, and shoved his other paw into his crotch, moaning and crying in pain, again with muffles.

Shinx: mmf...

Pikachu came in from the room alone, and saw Shinx lying there. He knew exactly what was happening, and he knew what had to be done.

Pikachu: Hey, you alright buddy?

Shinx: mmhmmmph...

Pikachu wrapped his arms around Shinx's neck and held him up, definitely knowing what was going to and will happen.

Pikachu: It's alright buddy. Just let it go. It'll be alright.

Shinx uncrossed his legs, removed one of his paws to get back on the ground, and then his bladder gave up. The old juice finally got out of his beaten, bruised, and battered body (don't ask). Surprisingly it's color mixed with the standard yellow of normal urine, and it came out in a surprisingly red-orange color.

Shinx: mmm...

Pikachu: It's alright, just let it out.

The darkly colored urine slipped from Shinx's paw and continued on for about... uh... (very scientific equations about the jug of old juice) i'd say about six minutes. Anyways after that, they escaped, the gang got their pay, and they continued with their lives.

END

*021*2016-02-14 05:35

{{:

This was really original, good job!

Oh yeah, I forgot that part. My bad

}}

So sequel confirmed. maybe. still nobody?

*023*2016-02-15 04:45

{{:

Perhaps. And here's how it could start:

Emolga: OH SHIT! I FORGOT ABOUT DUNSPARCE!

}}

Well maybe, but less swearing. we already have enough from Shinx.

