Layla's Bathroomless College Experience

Author: Wet_Diamond

*000*2024-12-28 03:20

This is a story I'm making using some guided storytelling and AI. I haven't tweaked too much here, but the plot is entirely my own, aside from a few potentially minor things added in by the ai. If this is received highly, I may go through and edit the text more thoroughly if I expand this story, which I do plan on (when I get around to it.) Anyways, it's about a 19 year old girl named Layla, who moves into her freshman dorm to learn that the campus (The University of Oma) has no bathrooms. Instead, an advanced form of absorbent construction and brand wear, Wolf Gear, due to the campus being the Oma Wolves, is used for all bathroom needs.

Layla stood in the middle of her new dorm room, the excitement of college life bubbling in her chest. The room was modest but cozy, her side already personalized with neatly arranged books, a few potted plants, and a warm throw blanket draped over her bed. Her parents had just left, their hugs and well wishes still fresh in her mind, and now, for the first time, she felt a true sense of independence.

With her unpacking finished, Layla decided to explore her new surroundings. The hallways of the dormitory were bustling with activity—students greeting each other, unpacking their own belongings, and settling in. Layla wandered through the common areas, noting the lounge equipped with mismatched sofas, the small kitchenette stocked with communal dishes, and even a corkboard covered in flyers advertising clubs and events.

But something felt…off. As Layla scanned the kitchenette for any sign of a bathroom, she noticed its absence. Shrugging it off, she figured she’d missed it elsewhere.

She approached one of her dorm neighbors, a bubbly girl named Mia who was stacking books on her desk. “Hey, quick question—where’s the bathroom around here? I didn’t see one in the common area.”

Mia paused, her cheerful expression faltering. “Oh, you’re new. I'm a sophomore. Yeah, uh…there aren’t any bathrooms in the dorm.”

Layla blinked, sure she’d misheard. “What? No bathrooms? Like, none at all?”

Mia nodded, looking sympathetic. “Yeah, it’s kind of the thing here. The college doesn’t have bathrooms anywhere. It’s, like, some weird historical quirk or something. They never built any when the campus was founded, and now it’s just part of the tradition.”

Layla’s stomach dropped. “Wait, so…what do people do?”

“Well,” Mia said, biting her lip, “you just kind of figure it out. Everyone does eventually.”

Layla’s laughter came out before she could stop it, a nervous chuckle as she shook her head. “You’ve got to be kidding, right? No bathrooms? That’s…impossible. It’s got to be a prank they play on freshmen.”

Mia shrugged helplessly, as if she’d heard this reaction countless times before. “I thought so too at first. You’ll see.”

Determined to prove Mia wrong, Layla set off, weaving through the hallways of the dormitory. Surely there had to be bathrooms somewhere—this was a college, not a wilderness retreat. She began with the most logical places: the lounge area, the kitchen corner, and even a small utility room near the back. But all she found were more students, chatting or unpacking, none of them appearing particularly alarmed.

As Layla wandered, a faint sensation of fullness in her bladder made itself known. It wasn’t urgent yet, just a light discomfort from hours of unpacking and hydrating. The feeling only spurred her determination. She had to find the restrooms soon anyway.

Her search expanded to the other floors. She pushed open doors, peered into closets, even glanced into a room with cleaning supplies. Nothing. No restroom signs, no stalls, no toilets—just more hallways and more dorm rooms.

At one point, Layla passed another group of freshmen clustered together in hushed conversation. Their faces mirrored her own growing unease, and one of them kept fidgeting, his legs crossing and uncrossing as he glanced down the hall like he was searching for an escape.

Turning a corner, Layla almost bumped into another student—a girl who couldn’t have been older than 18. The girl looked startled, then quickly tried to brush past. Layla noticed her hands clutching the sides of her hoodie, holding it awkwardly over her thighs. As they passed, Layla’s gaze caught something else—a faint, damp patch on the front of the girl’s jeans, just below her zipper.

Layla stopped in her tracks, staring after the girl as she hurried away. The patch was small but unmistakable, its darkened edges betraying its nature. Her heart sank as a realization began to form in her mind.

“No way,” she murmured to herself. “There’s no way…”

She picked up her pace, her initial disbelief starting to waver under the mounting evidence.

Passing another hallway, she saw a boy leaning against the wall, his face pale. He glanced nervously at his surroundings, his hands twitching by his sides. His stance was rigid, and there was a distinct sheen of sweat on his brow. He didn’t say anything as Layla passed, but his anxious expression spoke volumes.

Her own bladder gave a faint throb, reminding her that time wasn’t on her side. Still, she refused to believe this was how things worked here. Surely, there had to be an answer—a reasonable explanation for all this.

Layla returned to Mia’s room, her search fruitless and her mind spinning. The peculiar encounters with other students only deepened her confusion and unease. She leaned against the doorframe, arms crossed, as Mia turned to face her, an almost knowing smile creeping onto her lips.

“Let me guess,” Mia said, setting down a decorative pillow on her neatly made bed. “You didn’t find anything.”

Layla exhaled sharply, half in frustration, half in disbelief. “No bathrooms. Not a single one. How is that even legal? What are we supposed to do?”

Mia gestured for Layla to step inside and shut the door behind her. “It’s all part of the system here,” she began, her tone calm, as though she’d rehearsed this explanation a hundred times before. “There’s no plumbing, so no bathrooms. Instead, the university came up with something else: hyper-absorbent carpeting. It’s everywhere—classrooms, dorms, hallways, even the gym. It’s designed to soak up…well, everything.”

Layla’s jaw dropped. “Everything? You’re joking.”

“I’m not,” Mia replied, her expression serious. “It’s engineered to neutralize smells and stains too. Nobody talks about it because, honestly, it’s embarrassing at first, but once you get used to it, it’s not a big deal.”

Layla shook her head, still unwilling to believe it. “You’re telling me people just…go? Right here? On the floor? That’s insane.”

Mia shrugged. “You’ve probably already passed a few people who did. You saw the freshman in the hallway, didn’t you?”

Layla remembered the girl with the damp patch on her jeans and the boy fidgeting against the wall. The memory sent a shiver through her. “That doesn’t prove anything. Maybe they just couldn’t find a bathroom, but this? This is crazy.”

Mia sighed, her patience tinged with sympathy. “I thought it was crazy too, but it’s real. Here—let me show you.”

Layla blinked, her stomach flipping. “What? No, you don’t have to—”

But Mia was already moving toward the door. She opened it, stepped into the hallway, and stood with her feet shoulder-width apart. Layla watched, frozen between curiosity and discomfort, as Mia adjusted her stance slightly, placing her hands on her hips.

“I’m serious,” Mia said, looking over her shoulder at Layla. “This’ll prove it.”

For a moment, nothing happened. Then, Layla noticed the faintest shift in Mia’s expression—her shoulders relaxed, and a tiny smile tugged at her lips, almost imperceptibly.

It took another second for Layla to realize what was happening. A dark patch began to spread across the fabric of Mia’s light gray leggings, starting small near her inner thighs before expanding outward. The material clung to her legs, growing darker and more saturated as the dampness trickled downward.

Layla’s eyes widened, her disbelief giving way to stunned silence. She couldn’t look away as the wetness crept down the insides of Mia’s thighs, following the contours of her leggings. Tiny rivulets formed briefly along the fabric before disappearing into the carpeting below.

The hyper-absorbent floor worked quickly, soaking up the liquid as it dripped from the hem of Mia’s leggings. Within seconds, the area around Mia’s feet was dry and unmarked, as though nothing had happened at all.

When Mia finally stepped back, the only evidence left was the now-darkened fabric clinging to her legs. She glanced at Layla, her cheeks slightly flushed but her smile unwavering.

“See?” she said, her tone casual, as though she’d just demonstrated a simple science experiment. “The floor takes care of it. No mess, no smell.”

Layla stood frozen, her brain struggling to process what she’d just witnessed. “That’s… That’s…”

“Ridiculous?” Mia finished for her, chuckling softly. “Yeah, it feels that way at first. But trust me, you’ll get used to it.”

Layla shook her head slowly, her gaze still locked on the darkened streaks clinging to Mia’s leggings. It was too much to process all at once—the hyper-absorbent carpeting, the way Mia had just…gone, so casually, in the hallway, and now this new question clawing at her mind.

“But…your clothes,” Layla stammered, gesturing vaguely at Mia’s legs. “You’re just…wet now. What, are people supposed to walk around like that all day?”

Mia shrugged nonchalantly, glancing down at her leggings. The dark patch had spread but wasn’t dripping anymore; the material clung tightly to her skin, its soaked texture now impossible to ignore. “Yeah, pretty much. You dry out eventually. It’s not ideal, but it’s how things work here.”

Layla felt her stomach twist. “Seriously? Nobody…changes?”

“Oh, people change if they want to,” Mia said, leaning casually against the doorframe. “But it’s not as big of a deal as you’d think. Most folks stop caring after a while. That said,” she added with a smirk, “you might want to invest in some university-branded clothes. They’re made from the same hyper-absorbent material as the carpets. They don’t stay wet for long, and they don’t feel uncomfortable either. It’s kind of genius, honestly.”

Layla let out a disbelieving laugh, running a hand through her hair. “So, what—you’re saying I need to go buy a bunch of campus merch just to survive here?”

“It helps,” Mia said, grinning. “You’ll see almost everyone wearing them, especially during classes. Leggings, sweatpants, skirts—it’s all designed for, well…this.” She gestured down at herself.

Layla’s face burned at the thought of adopting this strange and, in her opinion, humiliating custom. “No way. I’m not doing that. There’s gotta be a bathroom somewhere on campus. I’ll just hold it until I find one.”

Mia tilted her head, her expression a mix of sympathy and amusement. “You can try. A lot of people do, at first. But trust me—it’s easier to just adapt.”

Layla didn’t reply. She could feel the steady, growing pressure in her own bladder now, a persistent throb that she couldn’t entirely ignore. The thought of giving in, of letting herself go as Mia had, was unthinkable. She clenched her legs together slightly, masking the movement by shifting her weight.

“I’ll figure something out,” Layla muttered. “Thanks for…explaining, I guess.”

“Good luck,” Mia said, her tone genuine but tinged with knowing amusement. “I’ll be here if you want to talk more. Or if you change your mind.”

Layla left the room, her thoughts racing as she wandered back down the hallway. Every step seemed to intensify the weight in her lower abdomen, the gentle pressure now demanding more of her attention. She forced herself to focus on her surroundings instead, scanning for any clue—any sign of a bathroom or an alternative solution.

Her search turned up nothing but the same endless carpeting and the same groups of students, some of whom seemed to be adjusting to the situation better than others. Layla noticed a boy wearing university-branded sweatpants with faint damp streaks around the thighs, chatting casually with a group of friends as if nothing was out of the ordinary.

She shook her head, gritting her teeth. This can’t be my life now.

###

Reluctantly, Layla agreed to join Mia for dinner at the dining hall, still grappling with everything she’d learned. The campus’s peculiar culture weighed heavily on her mind, and the faint but persistent fullness in her bladder didn’t help. She trailed behind Mia, her eyes unconsciously darting to the dampened fabric of Mia’s gray leggings.

The darkened patches were still visible, but they had begun to fade slightly, the hyper-absorbent material working to wick away moisture. To Layla’s surprise, Mia walked confidently, completely unbothered by her appearance.

“You’re sure you’re fine walking around like that?” Layla asked as they descended a wide staircase to the main floor.

Mia glanced over her shoulder, flashing a grin. “It’s not like anyone’s going to say anything. Trust me, everyone here has been through it.”

The dining hall was bustling, the clatter of trays and hum of conversation filling the air. Layla’s stomach growled as the aroma of grilled chicken and freshly baked bread hit her, momentarily distracting her from the growing discomfort in her abdomen. She followed Mia through the line, grabbing a slice of pizza and a small salad.

They found a table near the back of the room, where Layla could sit with her legs crossed inconspicuously. Mia plopped down across from her, setting her tray on the table and digging in without hesitation.

“So,” Mia began between bites, “have you given any more thought to the Wolf Gear idea? I’m telling you, it’ll make your life easier.”

Layla shook her head, stabbing a fork into her salad. “I don’t plan on needing it. I’ll find a bathroom eventually. There’s gotta be one somewhere, right? Even if it’s, like, a secret faculty restroom or something.”

Mia chuckled. “You’re persistent. I’ll give you that.”

As they ate, Layla became acutely aware of her body’s signals. The initial fullness had grown into a steady ache, each sip of water adding to the mounting pressure. She shifted in her seat, squeezing her thighs together, determined to last until she could resume her search.

Across the table, Mia seemed entirely at ease. She finished her meal and leaned back in her chair, sipping from a cup of soda. Layla noticed her posture change slightly—her legs uncrossed, her shoulders relaxing—and it didn’t take long to figure out why.

It began subtly, the slightest shimmer appearing on the surface of Mia’s leggings, just below her waist. Layla’s eyes widened as the dampness reappeared, spreading rapidly down both thighs in uneven streaks. The dark fabric clung to Mia’s legs, the wet patches glistening faintly under the bright dining hall lights.

Layla couldn’t look away, her fork frozen midair. The sheer normalcy of Mia’s expression as she continued to sip her drink made the scene all the more surreal. The dampness extended toward Mia’s knees before tapering off, a few stray droplets disappearing into the plush carpeting below.

Mia caught Layla’s stunned gaze and smirked. “Told you it’s no big deal,” she said, setting her cup down. “You should try it. It’s such a relief.”

Layla tore her eyes away, her face burning. “I’ll pass,” she muttered, though the urgency in her bladder made her momentarily second-guess herself. She clenched her muscles tightly, willing herself to hold on.

After dinner, the walk back to the dorm felt like an eternity. Each step jostled Layla’s overfilled bladder, the ache now an insistent, throbbing pressure that demanded her full attention. She barely listened to Mia’s chatter, too focused on staying in control.

By the time they reached the hallway leading to their rooms, Layla was practically doubled over. Her pace quickened, and she offered Mia a hurried goodnight before ducking into her room and shutting the door behind her.

She pressed her thighs together, bouncing slightly on the balls of her feet as she tried to think. Her options were dwindling, and she knew it.

She wore a pair of snug, white leggings, their smooth, opaque material highlighting her toned legs. A light gray sports bra peeked out beneath her loose-fitting black athleisure tank top, which hung casually just above her hips. She’d slipped into a pair of plain black sneakers for practicality, not anticipating that she’d end up trekking the entire dorm building in search of something as basic as a restroom.

Back in her room, Layla leaned against the door, one hand gripping the edge of her desk for support. The ache in her bladder was nearly unbearable now, each passing moment amplifying the urgency to an almost painful degree. She pressed her thighs together tightly, her body trembling with the effort of holding it in.

Her gaze darted toward the door. The top floor, she thought, grasping at straws. I haven’t checked there yet. Maybe…just maybe…

With a deep, shaky breath, she forced herself upright and stepped back into the hallway. Each movement felt like a challenge, the weight in her abdomen pressing downward with relentless intensity. She moved carefully, her strides short and deliberate, her posture stiff as she climbed the stairs to the top floor.

The hallway stretched out before her, lined with doors just like the floors below. Layla hurried from one end to the other, her desperation mounting with every empty room she opened. Her heart pounded in her chest, not just from exertion but from sheer panic.

“There has to be one,” she whispered under her breath, her voice tinged with disbelief and frustration.

But there wasn’t.

The top floor yielded no relief, and Layla’s hope began to crumble. Her breathing quickened as she doubled over, both hands pressing into her thighs in a futile attempt to ease the unbearable pressure.

The journey back down was torturous. Layla’s legs shook with each step, her muscles quivering as they fought against the overwhelming urge to release. She clenched her fists tightly, her mind racing with a mix of denial and fear. I can make it back. I just have to make it back to my room.

But as she neared her floor, the dam finally broke.

It began with a sharp, involuntary spasm that made her gasp audibly, freezing mid-step. A sudden warmth bloomed between her legs, and she instinctively pressed her thighs together, trying to stop it.

“No, no, no!” she muttered under her breath, panic rising in her chest.

The floodgates opened despite her efforts. A faint hiss reached her ears as the first torrent of liquid escaped her control, soaking through the pristine white fabric of her leggings in seconds. The material turned a stark, translucent gray where it absorbed the moisture, the wetness spreading rapidly outward in uneven streaks.

Layla’s face burned with humiliation as she glanced down, helplessly watching the accident unfold. The warmth traveled down her inner thighs in rivulets, tracing the contours of her legs before pooling briefly at the fabric near her knees. Her sneakers weren’t spared either; droplets began to seep into the mesh tops, darkening them slightly.

Her mind raced, a chaotic blend of disbelief, shame, and reluctant relief. I can’t believe this is happening. Not here. Not now.

The hyper-absorbent carpeting beneath her feet did its job, soaking up the liquid as it streamed down her legs. Tiny splashes formed at her ankles before vanishing into the fibers, leaving no visible trace on the floor. But her clothes told a different story. The white leggings clung to her like a second skin, their damp transparency revealing the faint outline of her underwear beneath.

Tears pricked the corners of her eyes as the final trickles subsided, leaving her standing there, frozen in place, her chest heaving from the effort of holding back sobs.

It’s over, she thought bitterly, staring at the soaked fabric clinging to her legs. The cooling sensation of the damp material against her skin only added to her embarrassment.

She took a shaky step forward, the squelch of her wet sneakers reminding her of the reality of her situation. As she moved, she felt the air cold on the soaked sections of her leggings. It didn’t make her feel any better.

Back in her room, Layla closed the door and sank onto her bed, burying her face in her hands. The day had defeated her, and she couldn’t stop replaying the moment in her mind. She knew Mia had been right all along—there was no escaping the strange reality of the University of Oma.

After the emotionally exhausting events of the day, Layla decided she needed a fresh start. She peeled off her damp, clingy leggings, wincing as the cold fabric clung stubbornly to her legs. Tossing them into a corner for later cleaning, she slipped into a pair of soft joggers—a deep burgundy color with a slightly tapered fit—and a comfortable black tank top. The soft cotton material was a welcome change from the snug and now-tainted white leggings she had worn earlier.

As she lay in bed, staring at the ceiling, her mind churned with the events of the day. The University of Oma was unlike anything she could have imagined. The hyper-absorbent carpets, the casually wet students, the absence of bathrooms—it all felt surreal, almost like a strange social experiment. Yet, as bizarre as it was, she couldn’t deny that the system worked, in its own unorthodox way.

Her eyes grew heavy, and despite her lingering embarrassment, exhaustion overtook her.

###

The next morning, Layla awoke to a sharp, insistent pressure in her bladder. She sat up quickly, her body stiff from the previous day’s ordeal. The ache was much stronger now, a gnawing discomfort that she couldn’t easily ignore.

She swung her legs over the side of the bed, taking a moment to stretch before rummaging through her suitcase for something to wear. She eventually settled on a pair of navy-blue athletic leggings with a subtle heather pattern. They were stretchy and supportive, perfect for a day of exploring the campus—or, as she still optimistically hoped, finding a hidden bathroom. She paired them with a lightweight white hoodie, the hem sitting just above her hips, and her trusty black sneakers.

Her bladder protested as she bent down to tie her laces, the fullness making her movements stiff and deliberate. “I can hold it,” she whispered to herself, as if the words alone could shore up her resolve.

The floor lounge was already lively when Layla arrived, a mix of students chatting and lounging on the mismatched furniture. She immediately spotted Mia reclining on a sofa near the corner, her legs crossed casually.

Mia was wearing a pair of black Wolf Gear sweatpants with the university’s wolf mascot embroidered near the hip. The fabric looked sleek and high-quality, and Layla couldn’t quite tell if they were wet or not. The dark color and absorbent material seemed to mask any signs of dampness, leaving her guessing.

Mia noticed Layla approaching and waved her over with a smile.

“Morning!” she said brightly, patting the seat next to her. “How’d you sleep? Feeling better about everything?”

Layla hesitated, glancing at Mia’s sweatpants again before sitting down. The strong pressure in her bladder made her movements cautious, but she tried not to let it show.

“I have…a couple of questions,” Layla said, her tone measured.

Mia leaned back, crossing her arms. “Of course. Ask away.”

Layla hesitated, her hands fidgeting with the hem of her hoodie as she tried to find the right words. The pressure in her bladder was already making her squirm slightly, but her mind was preoccupied with another, equally pressing concern.

“Mia,” she began cautiously, “I get that the Wolf Gear and the carpets handle, um, peeing. But…what about when you need to do something else?” She lowered her voice, glancing around to make sure no one else could overhear. “Or, you know, when it’s…that time of the month? There’s no way the carpets can take care of that, right? There has to be a bathroom for those things.”

Mia sighed, her expression softening into one of understanding. She leaned forward, resting her elbows on her knees, and shook her head. “I was waiting for that question. You’re not going to like the answer.”

Layla felt her stomach tighten. “What is it?”

Mia took a deep breath. “The Wolf Gear handles all of it. Number two, periods—everything. The fabric is specially designed to break it down into tiny particulates that get absorbed, just like urine. It takes a little longer for solids, but the process works the same way. And it’s totally hygienic,” she added quickly, as if that would make the explanation any easier to stomach.

Layla’s jaw dropped. “You’re kidding me. You can’t be serious.”

“I wish I was,” Mia admitted, shrugging. “But it’s how things are here. The university put a lot of money into this system, and, honestly, it works. You just have to get used to it.”

“I can’t…” Layla stammered, her voice rising in disbelief. “There’s no way I can just…do that. I can barely wrap my head around peeing in these stupid leggings, let alone…that!” Her voice dropped to a whisper as she said the last word, her face burning with embarrassment.

“It’s normal to feel that way at first,” Mia said gently, reaching over to take Layla’s hand. Her grip was warm and steady, a grounding presence in the midst of Layla’s rising panic. “You’re not the only one who’s felt like this. It takes time to adjust, but I promise, you’ll get there. Your body will figure it out, and when it does, it’s honestly a huge relief.”

Layla’s breathing quickened as her mind raced. She could feel the weight in her abdomen shifting uncomfortably, a reminder that her growing bladder was no longer the only issue she had to contend with. The thought of giving in, of letting go not just urine but everything else, sent a wave of nausea through her.

“I don’t think I can do it,” she admitted, her voice trembling. “I can’t just…let go like that. I’ve been holding it in for so long, it feels impossible.”

Mia squeezed her hand reassuringly. “It’s okay, Layla. It’s not something you figure out overnight. Nobody’s judging you. When the time comes, you’ll be able to let go. Trust me.”

Layla looked into Mia’s calm, steady gaze, but the reassurance did little to quell her worry. The tension in her stomach and the pressure in her bladder felt like ticking time bombs, and the knowledge that there was no escape—no bathroom to retreat to—only made it worse.

Layla shifted uncomfortably in her seat, her curiosity wrestling with her mounting desperation. There was one more question she needed to ask, but it felt almost ridiculous in the context of everything else she’d learned. Still, it had been nagging at her since the moment Mia explained the absence of bathrooms.

“Okay, I’ve got to ask,” Layla began hesitantly. “If there aren’t any bathrooms…how do we shower? You can’t tell me this place doesn’t have showers, right?”

To her surprise, Mia broke into a smile, her posture relaxing again. “Oh, they have showers. It’s another weird setup, though. There’s a room near the back on the first floor, just past the laundry room. It’s full of showerheads—no stalls, no curtains, no separation. It’s one big open space.”

Layla’s eyes widened. “Seriously? No privacy?”

“Yep,” Mia replied, her grin widening. “But here’s the catch—you wear your clothes in. Wolf Gear is designed for it. The material doesn’t get in the way of soap or water, and it dries fast afterward. It’s actually kind of convenient. You clean yourself and your clothes at the same time.”

Layla blinked, momentarily distracted from her discomfort by the sheer absurdity of the system. “That’s…one way to do it, I guess. So everyone just walks around wet after their showers?”

“Not for long,” Mia said, chuckling. “Wolf Gear really does dry fast. Plus, if you hang out in your room for a bit afterward, you’re good to go. No towels needed.”

Layla exhaled slowly, shaking her head. “This school is insane.”

Mia’s smile softened as she noticed Layla’s fidgeting growing more pronounced. The tension in Layla’s body was unmistakable now—her legs pressed tightly together, her toes tapping anxiously against the carpet.

Mia sat up straighter, her expression shifting to one of quiet seriousness. She reached out, placing a hand gently on Layla’s arm, and waited until Layla met her gaze.

“Layla,” Mia said softly, her tone earnest. “Listen to me. You don’t have to fight this. You’re only making it harder on yourself. Just let go.”

Layla’s breath hitched, her throat tightening as she shook her head. “I… I can’t, Mia. I’ve been holding it in for so long, I don’t even think I know how to let go.”

“You can,” Mia said firmly, her grip on Layla’s arm steady. “It’s scary, I know. But trust me, it’s so much easier when you stop fighting. You don’t have to do this alone—I’m right here with you.”

Layla’s heart pounded in her chest, her body trembling as the pressure inside her reached an unbearable peak. Mia’s steady gaze and calm voice were comforting, but the thought of giving in—of surrendering to something so unfamiliar and unthinkable—still terrified her.

Layla hesitated, her entire body tense as she stood, her hands gripping the back of the lounge chair for balance. Her legs felt like lead, trembling with the effort of holding everything in for so long. Mia remained seated, her gaze fixed on Layla with quiet encouragement, her words echoing in Layla’s mind.

“Just let go. You don’t have to fight this.”

A deep, shuddering breath escaped Layla’s lips. Her bladder throbbed painfully, the pressure unbearable, and the dull ache in her abdomen reminded her that it wasn’t just urine she was holding back. The effort of fighting her body’s needs had pushed her to the brink, and she couldn’t do it anymore.

She closed her eyes, her heart pounding in her chest. “Okay,” she whispered, barely audible. “I’ll try.”

With that, she let go.

The release began slowly, an involuntary spasm that sent a surge of warmth flooding into her navy-blue athletic leggings. The material darkened instantly, a deep blue stain spreading from her crotch and racing down her thighs. The sensation was overwhelming—intense relief mixed with a wave of embarrassment so strong it made her knees wobble.

Layla gasped softly, her breath hitching as she felt the wetness trickle down her legs. The leggings, made of standard athletic fabric rather than Wolf Gear, clung to her skin as the liquid spread, saturating the fabric from her inner thighs to her knees and eventually pooling at her ankles. Her black sneakers weren’t spared either; they grew damp and heavy as the liquid seeped into the mesh tops, darkening the material.

But that was only the beginning.

A second wave hit her as her body released everything it had been holding back. A soft, muffled sound escaped her as she felt a heaviness settle in the seat of her leggings. The fabric stretched slightly as the mess spread, its consistency making it impossible to ignore. Warmth radiated from her lower back to the backs of her thighs as gravity took over, leaving her feeling both lighter and mortified at the same time.

The smell hit her next, faint but unmistakable, and her face burned with humiliation. Her hands flew to her sides, fists clenched as tears pricked the corners of her eyes. “Oh my God,” she whispered, trembling. “This is so… I can’t believe this is happening.”

Mia’s expression shifted from calm reassurance to mild alarm as she realized what was happening. “Wait—Layla, are you wearing Wolf Gear?”

Layla shook her head, too overwhelmed to speak.

“Okay,” Mia said quickly, standing up and moving closer. “It’s okay. You’re okay. We just need to get you cleaned up.” She placed a steadying hand on Layla’s shoulder, her voice calm despite the situation. “It’s not the end of the world, I promise.”

The hyper-absorbent carpeting beneath Layla’s feet worked as intended, soaking up the liquid as it dripped from her leggings. There was no evidence of the accident on the floor, but her clothes told a different story. The navy fabric clung to her legs like a second skin, the darkened patches stark and glistening. The bulge in the seat of her leggings was subtle but noticeable, the material stretched taut in an unflattering way.

Layla couldn’t bring herself to meet Mia’s eyes. “I need to go,” she said, her voice trembling.

“Of course,” Mia replied, stepping aside to give her space. “Head back to your room, grab your Wolf Gear, and hit the showers. You’ll feel a million times better afterward.”

Layla nodded, her movements stiff as she shuffled toward the door. The wet fabric clung to her with every step, a constant, uncomfortable reminder of what had just happened. She avoided eye contact with the other students in the lounge, her face flaming as she made her way to her room.

Once inside, she stripped off her soaked and soiled leggings, grimacing as the mess clung stubbornly to her skin. She grabbed a pair of black Wolf Gear leggings from her suitcase, along with a fresh hoodie, and bolted for the showers on the first floor.

The shower room was just as Mia had described—an open space lined with showerheads, no curtains or dividers in sight. Layla stepped under the nearest spray, still wearing her clothes, and let the water wash away the evidence of her accident. The warmth of the water and the soap’s lather soothed her frayed nerves, and for the first time since arriving at the University of Oma, she began to feel a semblance of normalcy.

By the time she returned to her room, dressed in her clean Wolf Gear, she felt lighter—physically and emotionally. The shame lingered, but so did Mia’s reassuring words. “It’s not the end of the world.”

Layla knew she’d have to adjust to the strange reality of her new school, one step at a time.

(There you go, the first section of this story, ending on quite a dramatic note, I believe. Hopefully, if this is enjoyable, I'll update with another section!)

