Rachel's Airplane Accident

Author: wigglejiggle

*000*2023-06-08 08:40

Rachel sat stiffly in the window seat of a commercial airplane, her finger twirling nervously around strands of her long brunette hair as her foot tapped quickly against the floor. She was 8 hours into an international flight, flying with her boyfriend from California all the way to London, where they would continue their exploration of the surrounding country and continent over the next month.

Only a few hours into the flight, someone managed to put the only toilet out of order. She had done her best to distract herself and limit her fluid intake, but by now, she could hardly sit still as she tried to forget about her need to pee. If she could make it just a few more hours, she thought, maybe she could get to the airport bathroom in time.

To her left side sat her boyfriend, Daniel. Daniel had messy brown hair and a short stubbly beard, and was a little taller than Rachel. He was awake, just as Rachel was, although he seemed more concerned with watching his movie than anything else. To the left of Daniel was an empty seat. Daniel had bought both his ticket and the one next to him because he hates sitting by strangers, as he put it. As Rachel looked around, foot still tapping and fingers still twirling, she noticed that many of the passengers were asleep. Glancing out at the window, she noticed it was dark out and she couldn’t see much through the cover of the clouds. She looked over at Daniel, who was still engrossed in the movie he was watching.

She sighed and put in her earbuds, turning on some music to try and relax. Song after song, she almost felt herself drifting away to the familiar music of her playlist… When finally, she had almost fallen asleep, a loud and sudden banging and screeching ripped through her slumber and caused her to yelp and nearly jump out of her seat. Her playlist had ended, and the next random song had started playing rather aggressively. The noise startled her so, that for a moment as she fumbled with her earbuds, her bladder relaxed and started to release a few warm, wet drops. Although she quickly realized in dismay what had happened, she was unable to regain control until there was already a small but noticeable wet spot on the crotch of her skin-tight jeans.

Red-faced with embarrassment, she looked over and Daniel, who was looking at her with concern. He removed his headphones as Rachel quickly hid the stain on her crotch with her arm, and asked in a soft voice, “You okay Rae?” Rachel nodded silently, holding her legs tight together to avoid another leak. Daniel shrugged and reached over, placing his hand on her thigh in what must have been a comforting gesture, but made her nervous when he went back to watching his movie and his hand remained. She wasn’t sure how long she could keep holding herself like this, but there wasn’t anywhere else to go, so she continued to sit there, chewing her lip and nervously glancing down at Daniel’s hand, biting back whimpers as she felt more and more like she could no longer contain herself. Daniel had definitely noticed her uncomfortable demeanor, and had again removed his headphones. “Rachel, do you gotta pee or something?”

Rachel blushed deeply and her wiggling paused for a moment as she whispered, “I think… I think I might wet myself if the plane doesn’t land soon…” She whimpered again, her hands tightly between her clenched legs, as she could feel the last of her control leaving her. No matter how hard she tried to stop the flow, warm urine continued to trickle out of her, the wet spot between her legs slowly growing, her tight jeans soaking up all the pee.

Rachel was frozen to her seat, completely mortified as she was unable to stop herself. Daniel seemed entranced as he watched the scene unfold. The soft hissing of urinating could be heard as her stream splattered against her wet panties and jeans, quickly soaking her ass as it filled her seat and started streaming over the edge. Rachel couldn’t help but moan softly as she felt relief flood her, and at that moment she stopped trying and let go completely, her stream becoming fuller and faster until it slowly came to a dripping stop. She sighed and leaned back in her chair, her warm pee slightly sloshing in the seat as she moved, completely forgetting about the world around her as she basked in the warm afterglow of relief.

“Uh… Rae…?” The voice of Daniel caused Rachel to shoot up in her seat, instantly stammering and stuttering an apology, until she looked over at him and fell silent. He was blushing slightly, and gave a sheepish grin before whispering, “I think I really need to pee, too…”

This is my first time in forever writing anything and my first time ever submitting a story so feedback is appreciated but please be nice 🙂

*004*2023-06-11 12:02

{{On 6/9/2023 at 7:38 PM, Kiwi_Rebecca_C said:

Love the story!! Will there be a part 2 for Daniel? 🙃

}}

Not 100% against it, but I don't currently have plans for it. I think I may try a different scenario next time I write, but if I come up with inspiration for a pt.2 on this one, it's possible 🙂 thank you!

