Dogs have it better

Author: wether

*000*2025-03-12 06:10

I've been experimenting with AI lately in terms of writing stories about peeing and desperation. Here's one of the stories I want to commemorate the 5th anniversary of lockdown with. The original idea was to have a different ending, but finally I like the way it is now.

In the spring of 2020, the world turned upside down. The pandemic locked us in our homes, cut us off from loved ones, from normalcy. The streets emptied, shops closed, and leaving the house became almost an act of courage. Strict restrictions were in place: no gatherings, social distancing, and masks on our faces served as a constant reminder that every breath was a potential risk. We couldn’t meet, talk face-to-face, or laugh without barriers. The world grew quiet, as if someone had muted life itself.

Then, sometime mid-year, the restrictions began to ease. It wasn’t full freedom yet – we still had to wear masks – but at least we could go out, breathe, and see other people, even if from a distance. That’s when I started regularly visiting a nearby dog park. I didn’t have a dog, but there was a bench there – a perfect spot to sit, soak up some sun, and watch the world slowly waking up from its pandemic slumber. Sometimes someone would join me, and we’d exchange a few words; other times, I sat alone, observing passersby, reading a book, or flipping through a newspaper. That place became my little slice of normalcy – a small window into the reality we’d been cut off from.

One day, as I sat on the bench, a woman appeared. She looked about 30, though it was hard to tell exactly because her mask covered her face so thoroughly. She was slim, dressed rather elegantly – a light blazer, pressed trousers, as if she’d just stepped out of a video call. She brought a dog, a small, energetic mutt, which she let off the leash right away. The dog ran around joyfully, and she’d occasionally throw it a stick, which it dutifully brought back, wagging its tail. Eventually, she approached the bench and asked politely:

“Do you mind if I sit?”

“Of course not,” I replied, gesturing to the seat. She sat down, but at the far end of the bench, keeping the distance that still felt natural back then.

We started talking. First about these abnormal times – how hard it was to adjust, how the pandemic had turned everything upside down. Then we moved to the weather, a safe topic, and finally to remote work – we both agreed we’d never complain about the office again if we could just go back someday. The conversation flowed easily, but eventually, the usual topics ran dry. A silence settled in, a bit awkward but not unpleasant.

Suddenly, her dog barked cheerfully. Just beyond the fence, someone was walking another dog – a bigger, fluffier one – that eagerly ran up to the netting. The two dogs sniffed each other through the fence, wagging their tails as if trying to make friends. But the other dog wasn’t let into the park – its owner tugged it along.

“Dogs have it better,” I said, more to myself than to her.

“What do you mean?” she asked, tilting her head slightly.

“Look at them. They can see each other, sniff, even lick, while we’re stuck in these masks,” I sighed, glancing at my own, which I’d grown utterly sick of by then.

She didn’t reply right away. She sat quietly for a moment, as if lost in thought. Finally, she spoke, a little shyly:

“Dogs have it better in another way too…”

“Oh?” I perked up. “How so?”

“They can relieve themselves wherever and whenever they want,” she said, and her eyes widened slightly, as if she’d startled herself with her own honesty.

I smiled under my mask, though she probably couldn’t see it.

“Yeah, humans don’t get that luxury,” I said. “Even outside a pandemic. Why’d that come to mind just now?”

She lowered her eyes, as if embarrassed by her earlier remark. For a moment, I thought I might’ve asked too personal a question. But then she looked up and said quietly, almost in a whisper:

“Because, you see… I really need to pee right now, and there’s absolutely no toilet around here…”

I froze for a second. I hadn’t expected that – such raw honesty, such human simplicity in these strange times when everyone tried to keep up appearances, even behind masks. For a split second, I didn’t know what to say, but then I burst out laughing – not meanly, just a laugh that escaped because the situation was so absurdly real.

“Well, that’s definitely a problem,” I said, trying to rein in my amusement. “Dogs have the upper hand there. No lines, no locked doors.”

She looked at me, and in her eyes – the only visible part of her face – I saw a mix of embarrassment and relief that I hadn’t made a big deal out of it.

“Exactly,” she said, her voice gaining a bit of confidence. “Everything’s closed – cafes, gas stations… Sometimes you feel trapped. And them,” she nodded toward her mutt, who was digging a hole with a look of pure satisfaction, “they don’t even care.”

“Maybe we should take a page from their book,” I joked. “Not literally, of course, but that carefree attitude. Though…” I paused, glancing around the park dramatically, “there’s no shortage of bushes here, just saying.”

She laughed, louder this time, and I felt the tension in the air dissolve.

“Don’t tempt me,” she said, shaking her head. “I can hold it a little longer. Though, if I were wearing a dress…” She trailed off, her eyes narrowing slightly as if she were genuinely considering it.

That caught me off guard, but I couldn’t help grinning, even if the mask hid it.

“Well, a dress would be a whole different level of freedom,” I teased. “Practicality and elegance in one. Dogs might get jealous.”

She glanced at me, then down at her trousers, as if suddenly regretting her outfit choice for this walk.

“Maybe next time I’ll come prepared,” she said with a smirk. “A dress, no inhibitions, problem solved.”

“Sounds like a pandemic survival plan,” I replied. “Maybe we should all start wearing looser clothes and take cues from dogs. Zero stress, total freedom.”

She snorted with laughter, and her dog, as if on cue, ran up and dropped a stick at her feet, looking up expectantly. She bent down to pick it up but glanced at me before throwing it.

“You know, it’s weird,” she started, hesitating as if unsure whether to say it aloud. “We’re sitting here, talking about such silly things, and I feel more normal than I have in months. Even with… well, this problem.”

“It must be the magic of the dog park,” I said. “Even the pandemic feels less serious here. At least for a moment.”

She threw the stick, and the dog bolted after it with glee. Then she straightened up and sighed.

“Okay, I really need to go before I start testing those bushes,” she said with a smile that shone clearly in her eyes this time. “But maybe we’ll meet here again.”

“I hope so,” I said honestly. “And next time, come prepared. Dress mandatory.”

She laughed once more, called her dog, and headed off. I watched her silhouette vanish beyond the fence, then turned back to the park. The sun still warmed the bench, the dog now ran alone, and I thought to myself that sometimes, a short, absurd conversation is all it takes to feel human again – even in masks, even in trousers, even in the middle of a pandemic.

