Annie the inspector (part 1)

Author: WillinglyWet

*000*2011-01-07 09:55

This story take place in manchester in late 1980´s,accurately in year 1989. main character in this story is Annie Allister, a 25 years old young woman who is working in manchester police in detective inspector.

Little bacround information for this story: annie birth in good family in london, her father was a succesfull lawyer and her mother was working in the ministry of commerce in leading position. in school annie was always one of the best students in her grade. after annie came age of 19 she started police academy and she was best of her graduating class. in age of 22 annie get job in manchester police department and quickly she was in position of di (detective inspector). career was everything to her..

Piip piip piip. Annie wake up in the voice of her alarm clock, time is 6.30 am. she yawns and slowly stood up sitting in her bed. it is day 23 in october and annie look out of window and see its raining, its not unusually in this time of year in uk, the streets look so dark and cold. Annie stood up (shes about 176cm long,she had a black midlong hair.her body is nicely built, but her breast are quite small to comparing of her body) she stooding close the her bed and thinking that today is conclusive in her career, she had been chasing one of the biggest drug dealers in uk for six months and if she can nail him today she gets promotion quite surely.

Annie sits in her kitchen table and drank two really big cups of coffee. she had to be sharp and ready for todays action and coffee is best for make annie brisk. she decide to go fast in shower because she had not much time to go meetingplace where her golleque is waiting. Annie undress and walk in the shower, the warm shower feel so nice and annie coul stood there for ever but she must go soon.

She had now dryied herself and now she dress up, she put her white knickers and bras on then she put her gray mid long skirt on.she put also hers white dress shirt on and finally she put her gray blazer on. she looks the clock and notice she had quite hurry to make in meetingplace in time, while walking down the stairs to her car she notice that she need to use the toilet, but now isnt enough time. she sits in her mercedes and start to drive in the meetingplace.

The drive take about 25 minutes and now she is arrive the place, she reverse her car in the parking place and turn the engine of. Now she feel that her urge to pee has grown quite a bit and that she is quite nervous for the coming action didnt make it any easier, her thought are interrupted by her golleque who knock hers car windows and sits in car. "hi annie, are you ready?" he asks. "yes i think so but honestly im not sure pete ".

"Dont worry its just a routine arrest and the dealer hasnt even idea what now are going on" pete replies. if they only could know how wrong pete was..

Pete knocked the suspects door and wait. nothing happened pete knocked again and same thing, nothing happened, they know for sure that suspect was home and they have the home search warrant so pete said to annie get out of the way and take hes gun out of the holster. Annie was nervous and she had a bad feeling about this, and her urge of pee has now quite bad and the exitement make it worse.

"Umm pete..i dont like this..something isnt right" she said but it was too late pete kicked the door open. then 3-4 shots were shooted and pete was hit badly, somebody was warned the suspect. the shooting last about 15 secs but in annie´s mind it feels like forever, she saw pete falling down like in slow motion movie and she was completely terrified.next thing was that the suspect point the gun on her. " you lousy coppers always on my tale but now it ends for good" the suspect shout. Annie was so terrified that she only could cry. " please. dont shoot me i beg you" she sobered. "shut up" the dealer shout and pull annie inside.

She was ordered to hancuff herself in the kitchen radiator, and she did what she was told to. by now she really need to pee and she was holding it but she was so terrified that holding was extreme difficult. The dealer walked circle front of her and mumbled " what i now do in that copper, i was stupid not to shoot her". annie hear those words and was more terrified than ever, she was sure that she is in really bad situation. she forget to hold her pee a moment and warm burst was escaping for her bladder filling her knickers a little bit. she could still end the peeing and started to holding it more carefully. Annie was surprised that even in this situation she forget the situation and concentrate in the holding.

Time goes and annie was been about an hour in the building, she was now in the situation that she knew that her bladder will surrender in any moment. she make her decision and she think that che could ask for the dealer that could she use the toilet. " hey sir...can i use toilet because im losing my control soon?" she was surprised how appealing her tone of voice was.. moment in silence. " no. my toilet isnt for loysy coppers, peed your pants if you had to go". annie was now sure that she will wet herself today in that criminals apartmen, it make her feel depressed and powerless.. but she havent time to think about that. she heard the steps comimg for next room and the door was opened, the dealer walked right front of the her and sits in the chair. " now im waiting here until you wet yourself, isnt that nice?" he said and laughed.

Annie couldnt answer anything and she lose her control, the pee was now flowing for her white knickers in full force and make a big puddle on the floor beneath her. her heart was beating rapidly and she heard only her pee hissing out of her. finally the flow stopped and she as now completely humiliated in front of criminal. " time for a sleep" the criminal said and put textile which was soiled with cloroform in her face. annie feel her limbs coming heavy and the voices blurring, she´s not even try to fight back and slowly she drifted in the deep sleep... to be continued.

This was my first fition story i ever had made and my english isnt too good, so dont be too critical. every comment is wellcome and hope you enjoyed this story..

