4 Beers Down: An Undertale Omo Story (Rewrite)

Author: WetandKinky13

*000*2022-08-09 03:37

It was around 10:30 on a Saturday night when Undyne and Alphys arrived at a local bar for a concert and some drinks. Undyne was super excited as her favorite punk band, Red Herring, was going to be performing there tonight. Alphys one the other hand found the music a little course and crass for her taste but still enjoyed spending quality time with her girlfriend of 2 year, Undyne.

"I'm gonna go get us some beers alright, you get us a sport in the pit alright!" Undyne said excitedly .

"I'm not a big alcohol person babe. get me something lighter.." Alphys replied.

"uh like what do you got in mind?" Undyne said in a mocking tone.

"uh.. i don't know.. that strawberry cocktail looks yummy.." Alphys replied timidly.

Alphys had always tried to stay away from alcohol as ever since she first tried it on the surface, she realized it gave her, in casual terms "the shits." Something about her monster stomach did not appreciate alcohol very much. As today was her first time at a bar in a while however, she decided to get a low alcohol strawberry cocktail and sip it slowly throughout the night so as to not give herself stomach problems in the middle of the concert. Undyne on the other hand loved alcohol and was always seen as the life of the party wherever there were drinks available.

Undyne strutted up to the bar feeling on top of the world, her big black combat boots clanking on the tiles as she walked. she smiled at the skinny man running the bar. "one beer for me and uh that strawberry cocktail for the little lady." she said looking back at her blushing girlfriend.

"Happy Blooday huh!" said the man looking at Undyne's black band t-shirt.

"oh uh yeah! hehe!" said Undyne.

"Yeah that's been my favorite Red Herring album for a long time!" replied the man.

"Yeah mine too, I'm really excited for tonight!" undyne said with a toothy grin on her face.

"Anyways, here's your drink, mam! Enjoy the concert!" said the friendly man as he handed the drinks to Undyne.

Enjoy the concert she did and even Alphys was having a good time! Once the concert ended it was around 12 o’clock, Undyne and Alphys stayed at the bar for a while enjoying each other's company. Undyne finished her fourth bottle of beer and the man at the bar was pretty impressed. "Never seen someone drink 4 in a row and not get tipsy" said the barkeep as he cleaned a glass with a nervous smile.

"Yea, I have a pretty high alcohol tolerance," said Undyne with a cheeky smirk.

"I do think it's starting to hit me now, '' Undyne said giggling.

"How you doin Alph?" said undyne

"This strawberry thing was pretty good actually!" replied Alphys

"Welp anyways I think it's time we head home before the alcohol really kicks in!" Undyne said looking at her phone.

At around 1:30 Alphys and Undyne left the bar and took a cab back to their apartment as they were both a little tipsy. "What do you wanna do when we get home? '' said Undyne as she rode the elevator up to the third floor of the apartment building.

"I-I don't know, we can watch some tv and um... cuddle?" Alphys replied cutely

"sounds like fun to me!" Undyne giggled as the elevator doors creaked open.

Once back at their apartment the pair decided to sit down on their couch and watch some cheesy cooking shows in each other's arms. After about 45 minutes of watching the show Undyne heard a wet little sound followed by a rather unpleasant smell hitting her nose. Alphys jolted up and grabbed her stomach as it gurgled. "o-oh jeez.. I gotta go bad" she said sheepishly

"I can tell Alph!" said Undyne, Plugging her nose.

It had seemed like the alcohol had finally remembered it was in Alphys's stomach as it began to gurgle something awful. She grabbed he hole as it started spewing out toxic gas as she ran to the bathroom. Undyne waved her hand around and plugged her nose as she giggled at the sight of her gassy, nerdy girlfriend. Undyne laid on the couch for a few more minutes after Alphys left to "take care of business" before falling into a hazy sleep.

Undyne awoke about 3 hour later at around 5 o'clock. she turned to her left and Alphys was not there next to her. "she must have taken a shower and gone to bed" mumbled Undyne in a hazy state. as she leaned up from the couch she was hit with a pulsing pain in her abdomen. The 4 beers she had drank hours earlier had finally been processed in her body and were now making themselves known. she pulled up her band shirt and unlocked her belt that had been pressing on her bulging bladder, so as to not pee herself right then and there. Undyne got up quickly and waddled to the single bathroom in the pair's apartments, clutching her crotch so as to not lose control on the way.

Undyne arrived at the bathroom and realized that the light was on, which she thought was odd. Her and Alphys were very good about turning off lights they are not using to cut back on power bills. Then she heard it, loud snoring and an anime on autoplay. Her girlfriend had fallen asleep on the toilet which she had done before, but now it's serious. Alphys was an especially heavy sleeper and an even heavier sleeper under the influence of alcohol and Undyne knew this. However she still attempted to get her girlfriend to wake up by banging on the door, but to Undyne's dismay, her girlfriend didn't budge, let alone acknowledge her presence at the bathroom door at all.

Undyne started to weigh the options in her head, she knew she could not make it to the bathroom in the apartments lobby in time and she knew it would be insanely rude to knock on her neighbors door this late at night to use their bathroom of all things. she decided to try and wake Alphys again, banging on the door even harder this time around but to no avail. she began to knock on the bathroom door with both of her hands but then felt a hot spurt of urine into her pants. she gasped and forced her urethra closed and placed her hand back on her crotch. "Alphys please I-I need to Ngh!'' Undyne said too desperate to even formulate a complete thought.

After about 20 more minutes of standing outside the bathroom door, she felt as if her body was filled up with urine up to her eye. Then she felt another spurt in her boxers, this one stronger than the last. She was past the point of no return and knew that if she tried to move from the spot outside the bathroom door where she was standing, she would surely lose control! she continued banging on the door, squirming and squealing as the spurts became more and more frequent. a visible wet spot had now formed on Undyne's pants as well and the warmth in her pants just made her want to release even more, almost as if her body was playing tricks on her.

Undyne cried out as a large spurt began to form into a steady stream in her pants. She knew she had lost the battle but was overcome with relief. she lifted her hands from her crotch as her face became beet red. The stream poured down her pants and began to pool in her boots. not even here boots could contain all the urine however as they began to overflow causing a pool of dark yellow alcoholic piss to form on the floor. After about 3 minutes of a consistent stream Undyne fell to the ground, Undyne the Undying had just pissed her pants.

She sat there for a few moments in embarrassment panting like a dog, covered in sweat. Once the embarrassment subsided however Undyne began to feel something she thought she would never feel in a situation like this, arousal. The warmth of the urine in her pants and boots actually felt good to her in the moment, and the smell, although rather unpleasant, activated something in her head. she unzipped her pants fully and reach into her soggy underwear, grazing her bright red pubic hair on the way down. her pussy felt moister than it had ever felt before and her clit was red and bulging.

Although she was slightly grossed out, her lust overwhelmed her rational thoughts. She slipped off her leather jacket and threw it behind her and took off her boots and placed them next to her as well. she then began to prime her clitoris by rubbing it slightly, she then started to go faster. she drove her other hand into her pussy and began thrusting it wildly, moaning and grunting as she did so. Although it felt wrong to enjoy she was nevertheless enjoying herself more than she had in a long while. After about 10 minutes of rhythmic stroking and thrusting, Undyne finally reached climax, falling backward into the puddle of piss she created.

She sat there, in her own sweat and filth twitching, and panting on the tile floor. as she came back to her senses, she was no longer disgusted and embarrassed, quite frankly she was happy that this had happened and had enjoyed this new experience. "I better get cleaned up as best I can before alphys wakes up" Undyne said, looking at her watch. It was just about 6 o'clock and the sun had just begun rising. She grabbed her clothes and scurried to the bedroom to get cleaned up the best she can before Alphys gets out of the bathroom. Undyne had always been the best at making the best out of bad situations and tonight was no exception!

Authors notes time!

Thank you for reading to the end of this Fic! before you say anything, yes this a rewrite of a fic of the same name I did last month that I was not super happy with originally, therefore I decided to rewrite it! I must say I am a lot happier with this version and I hope you enjoy it as well! I have got a couple ideas in my head for various fandom based fics as well so stay tuned, it really depends on how horny I am lol! Also added some mild farting stuff into this version because that tickles my fancy!

