Office desperation, based on a true story

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2017-07-21 23:32

This is based on a true story. In reality, I'm the guy, but I decided to tell the story from the girls perspective. A while after this I did (very briefly) date this girl, and I did ask her about since it was one of the first times we spent time together. She gave me some of the details, but I didn't press to much. I never did tell her how much it excited me, we just never got that far into a relationship.

###

My company was opening up a new office space about 2 hours away from our main office. I was tasked with going there the day before grand opening to make sure everything was ready to go smoothly. Because I had to get up extra early, I grabbed an extra large coffee for the 2 hour drive. An hour and a half in I had to pee pretty badly, worse than I would usually have to go on a typical day and bad enough it was the only thing on my mind. 15 minutes later I was bursting, really hurting, it was so bad that I was contemplating stopping somewhere to pee, which is something I would normally never do on just a 2 hour drive. I ended up getting a bit lost and didn’t get there for another half our after that, by which point I was BURSTING. I was driving around with my hand up my skirt kneading myself, fantasizing about peeing next to my car in the parking lot before going in.

I hobbled into the small office building, no apparent bathrooms in the lobby. The elevator took forever to come and even longer to get to the top floor (it was only 4 floors) where our office was. I was clutching myself the whole way up, it might have been the worst I have ever had to pee since I was very young.

I tried to compose myself as I got off the elevator and started hurriedly walking toward our office. Then I saw it, a ladies room, directly across the hall from our office. I rushed right up to the door and… locked. I turn around and go into our office to find one of my coworkers, who I had a bit of a crush on at the time, working behind the receptionists desk. I try to maintain my composure as we exchange pleasantries.

While we’re talking I glance around the office, and it quickly becomes apparent that it’s to small to have its own bathroom. I’d seen offices with this exact set up, each individual office gets a key to the hallway bathroom that usually sits on the receptionists desk. I frantically scan for it as I continue to try and keep up with the conversation. My entire lower body is trembling I have to go so bad, and my panties feel damp, I don’t think I actually lost anything, I think I’m just sweating from the effort of holding it in. This is definitely the worst I have ever had to pee.

I can’t see the key, I’m going to have to ask him. At least he won’t see me blush as I ask because I’m sure my face is already beet red. I’m at least confident he will have an answer because he also had spent the previous day at this office.

I ask him where the bathroom key was and he gave me a strange look of confusion and says “There is no key…it’s locked?”

Fuck. It must be a one person bathroom.

“Oh, yeah, there must just be someone in there” I try to say casually as I start to put my stuff down.

“No I mean, it shouldn’t even have a lock, its not a one person bathroom” he responds.

His curiosity apparently peaked, he gets up and walks out of the office.

“This is weird” he says as he looks at the locked ladies room door “The mens room isn’t like this, look”

He walks around the corner and I follow, sure enough, there’s the means room, with a door with no handle or lock, it just pushes open. He pushes it open to demonstrate and inside I can see a sink, a urinal, and one private stall.

The sight of a toilet makes me lose control, just for a second, I slam my legs together and cringe as I feel a shot of pee come out. My desperation turns to anger, who the FUCK is responsible for this? This should be illegal, I should sue the building owners for this. I’m going to fucking piss myself in front of my cute coworker because some sexist asshole put a lock on the ladies room but left the mens wide open.

I snap back to reality, I need to find someone who can tell me how to get into a bathroom, I’m just going to have to go down the halls and ask everyone I see. Some other women must work here and they must know how to use the damn bathroom.

I’m about to take off down the hall when I remember that my coworker is still standing there awkwardly. He must have noticed my desperation now because he then said “Ummm, if you want to err, just use the mens room, I’ll keep an eye on the door, I doubt anyone will come by anyway, this floor seems pretty quiet”

I nearly refused, I couldn’t do that. I’m a grown woman, a college graduate, I can’t be peeing in mens rooms, he’ll think I’m a child.

I feel more start to come out.

Fuck it, I don’t have a choice. “Thanks” I mutter awkwardly and walk into the bathroom, maybe he’ll think I’m carefree or confident for doing this, maybe this will be some weird bonding experience.

He lets the door swing close behind me and as soon as I hear it shut my hand flies back to my crotch, I dash into the stall, leaking a little more as I take the time to close and lock the stall just in case. I frantically unbutton my skirt, rip it down with my panties in one motion and drop onto the toilet.

I’m peeing before I’m even full sitting, the relief is incredible. It goes on and on and on, as I catch my breath I realize he must be able to hear me, the door is so thin I can still hear the AC going outside of it. I peed for over a minute, it was one of those seemingly never ending pees. While I was peeing I did my best to dry up the wet patch in my panties. When I was done I quickly wiped, got up and went to the sink. I looked at myself in the mirror, I had sweat on my forehead, my hair was messed up, and I was red as a tomato, but at least I got to pee. I fixed myself up as best I could then went outside. My coworker was still standing there awkwardly.

“Thanks” I said “…Long drive” I blushed and smiled.

He smiled back “yeah… I feel ya”

Then we headed back to our office.

