Housemates: Merry Christmas, Parker

Author: Weasel

*000*2019-01-19 22:32

Hey, everybody! I'm sorry the story a little late and unseasonal, but it's next in the overall arc, so I can't really skip it. I also think the wait was worth it: I now have three stories fully written and ready to go. I'm still going to put them out a little slowly, in part because I like teasing y'all (it's all about the anticipation), and in part because that will give me time to write the next few after that. I've been getting a lot of writing done and hope to continue that, so we're really gonna start getting somewhere with this storyline!

This is entitled Merry Christmas, Parker because it's set during Christmas, and because Housemates: I Swear There's Some Omo Content In Here Somewhere or Housemates: No, I Haven't Forgotten Which Website I'm Posting This On seemed a bit... wordy. There's a LOT of buildup/character moments/plot in here, but I promise there will be some good ol' fashioned Meagan-gets-desperate by the end, once again in a new context. Just hope you like cute romance, too.

If you don't, then you certainly shouldn't click on any of these:

Road Trip

The Trouble With Housemates

Rainy Sunday

Flipping the Script

Moments

###

“Why are your parents calling me?” Meagan said, looking at her phone.

“Huh, can’t think why.”

She hit the answer button. “Shit, I missed them.”

“Darn, now we’ll never know what they wanted.”

“Until I call back.”

“We’ll never know!”

She stuck out her tongue at him and dialed. “Uh, hi! This is Meagan… I’m good, thanks, yourself?… Yeah, he’s here. Hang on, let me put it on speaker.”

Donna Daniels’ voice, a bit distorted by the phone, filled the room. “Parker, are you there?”

“Hey, mom. What’s up?”

“This call is mostly for Meagan, but it’s good that you’re both hearing it. Meagan, dear, we don’t know your plans for Christmas, and we don’t want to assume. But we did want to let you know that without question you are welcome to stay with us.”

“Aww, Donna—thank you,” Meagan said.

“However, we wanted to warn you that it’s our year to host my brother and his family. So there will be four more people here than usual. We usually put Greg and Karen—my brother and sister-in-law—in the guest room. Corey, my nephew, has often shared a room with Parker; he’s in high school. My niece Maddie usually gets the couch. But if you’re going to be with us we’ll need to rearrange that a bit.”

“Well, if I’d be intruding…”

“Don’t even think it, Meagan,” Donna said warningly. “I said you’re welcome and I mean it. My current plan is to have Corey and Maddie on the floor in the living room and have you with Parker, since I trust you’ve got no problem sharing a room by now.”

“None whatsoever,” Parker put in.

“Yeah, that’s fine,” Meagan said. “Better than fine. Donna—this means a lot. I was hoping I could crash with you again, but hearing you make the offer…”

“I understand, dear. You are welcome any time. Parker?”

“Yes, mom?”

“I love you, and I’ll see you in a couple weeks.”

“Love you too, mom.”

Goodbyes were made—and Meagan tackled him with a hug.

“Oof! What was that for?”

“Because I love your family and because I love you and because I can’t do that to your dad right now.”

“Not my mom?”

“I wouldn’t hug-tackle your mom. Your dad, totally. And you, obviously.” She squeezed him tight again, then parked herself next to him on the bed. “So what am I in for? What are all the embarrassing Daniels Family holiday rituals?” A note of trepidation sneaked into her voice. “Am I gonna have to watch It’s a Wonderful Life?”

“Nah, we’re strictly a Year Without a Santa Claus family.”

“Your family has exquisite taste.”

“And sometimes the Star War Holiday Special.”

“Your family has abysmal taste.”

“What? I mean, it’s bad, sure, but…”

“‘But’ what? The abomination needs to be wiped off the face of the earth. Kill it with fire. Seriously, this is making me reconsider our whole relationship…”

“Sheeesh. One embarrassing family ritual and she flips out,” he said lightly. As light as the banter required, but more lightly than he really felt after “reconsider our whole relationship” had gone by.

“It’s like I don’t even know you anymore, man!”

“Nah, I’m pretty sure I burned that tape.”

“Oh, okay.” She kissed his cheek. “All is forgiven.”

“In all seriousness, what you need to know is that my dad gets a little bit like the dad from Calvin & Hobbes. Always going out in the cold, turning down the heat… ‘It builds character!’”

“I’ll steal more sweatshirts from you.”

“Haven’t you squeezed me dry for hoodies already?”

“And cuddle up to you.”

“For the first time in my life, my dad’s thermostat habits are working in my favor.”

“How are the cousins? Carrie and… no, wait…”

“Corey and Maddie. They’re both enough younger than me that I never really liked having them around until a few years ago. Corey has got that sullen-teenager thing going, but he’s tolerable once he warms up a bit.”

“Forewarned is forearmed.”

“You’ll like Maddie—and she’ll absolutely love you. She’s a total tomboy. You’re gonna get along great.”

“’Kay!”

“Oh, and you’ll get to eat the secret-recipe family cookies.”

“Oooh. Something else to look forward to.” Her face fell a little. “I’ve got no cash for presents, though.”

“Everybody knows we’re broke college kids. They won’t expect much from us. We might need to get Maddie something to keep her happy, but if you show up, help out, and sing along, that’s all you need to do.”

“Sing along…?”

“To the Snow Miser song!”

“Have you heard me sing, hon?”

“Aww, you’re not that bad…!”

###

“Hey.”

“Hey what?”

“I was thinking.”

“Uh-oh.”

She bopped his shoulder.

“I may have deserved that.”

“You surely did. I was thinking about Christmas break.”

“Yeah?”

“That’s almost a whole month. And we’ll have nothing to worry about. I did all my applications; all I can do about that is wait. Classes are done for the semester. So we are totally worry-free.”

“I guess so.”

“Except I know you’re worried about the future.”

“…Yeah. That’s what why I didn’t say ‘yes’.”

“I’m worried too. But here’s what I’m thinking: let’s just enjoy the break. No matter what happens, we’ll have that time together. And no matter what happens, no one can take the memories from us.”

“Well, when you say 'no one'…”

“No one who isn’t a fictional supervillain can take the memories from us,” Meagan said, with admirable calm.

“Okay. I hear what you’re saying.”

“So let’s have some fun. And not just the kind in bed. But let’s have lots of that too. So we’ve got good memories. Come what may.”

“Come what may.—If this turns into a Moulin Rouge singalong…”

“Well, so what if it does?”

“Then it’s proof that you can sing after all!”

###

Darn it, now I have Christmas songs stuck in my head again.

I'll get more up later today or early next week. And I really really really promise there'll be some desperation. Someday.

*003*2019-01-19 23:49

{{8 hours ago, Ranpalan said:

For whatever reason, the links don't work.

I'll read this when I catch up on the whole series.

}}

Thanks for letting me know! I've fixed the links. But if you'd really like to start at the beginning (a human being after my own heart, I always have to start from the top), PM me and I'll send you the first two books.

*004*2019-01-20 00:42

Here's some more.

###

It was snowing when they got to Parker’s hometown, coming down in small flakes very lightly. When the welcoming hugs had been made and the celebratory supper had been eaten, they looked out the window and saw the snow had piled itself up a lot higher.

“Wanna go for a walk with me?” Meagan asked Parker.

“Do I ever.”

“Shall we all go?” Will Daniels asked. “After we clean up, of course…”

“That sounds nice,” Donna said, “but Meagan, you and Parker should go now. No need to wait on us. We’d only slow you down, after all.”

They suited up against the cold—it was dry snow, not likely to get them too wet until they came back inside—and tromped out into the night. The clouds were very low, and faintly lit up by the city lights, so it was much brighter of a night than might have been expected. It was quiet, though, with most folks home and staying there. They walked, gloved hand in gloved hand, out to the park where they’d passed a memorable night the previous summer, and then further, across the street to the empty old school, and up the little hill beyond. There were lights and Christmas decorations everywhere, but no people. The fresh snow was crunchy beneath their feet.

“This is nice,” Meagan said.

“Yeah.”

“Our first Christmas together.”

“Mmmhmm.” And maybe our only one together.

“Christmas is really special to me, y’know,” she said.

“I didn’t know. You haven’t talked much about it.”

“My family is… well, you know about my family. But Christmas was special. Especially Christmas Eve. For one night a year, at least, my dad would sober up, switch to hot chocolate, and be a real father. He’d light the fire, and put up the tree if he hadn’t already, and generally—well, generally be a dad. I think it helped that he would have been home from work that day anyway—if he’d been working, I mean. And there would be presents. I think because she was worried about the next day, when I was about ten my mom started the tradition of opening one present for each of us on Christmas Eve. So we’d drink hot chocolate and open a present and hang up the stockings and turn out all the lights and watch the fire until I fell asleep. It was always the best time.”

“That sounds really lovely. And I imagine it was even more lovely since you didn’t get a lot of moments like that.”

“Yeah. Fewer and fewer each year. At first my dad would stay pretty sober until a day or two after Christmas. But as the money got tighter and the presents got smaller and cheaper, he got madder and madder. At himself, you know. For not being a provider. So he’d start drinking on Christmas Day, too. By the time I came home for Christmas my freshman year, he wasn’t happy about it, but he still stayed sober on Christmas Eve. The next year, he couldn’t even manage that much. And last year was just bad.”

“I’m sorry.”

“Yeah.”

They crunched on through the snow for a bit.

“I miss my dad.”

“Your real dad,” he said.

“What do you mean?”

“Your dad when he’s not drunk and depressed.”

Meagan sighed. “I think that’s who he really is now.”

“Underneath, though? I mean, you said it yourself. He was angry because he couldn’t do right for you. So he missed being your real dad, too.”

“You know, I never thought of it that way?” She crunched on for a moment and then added, “Thank you. That helped.”

“You’re welcome.”

“I’d be there right now,” she said, “if not for you.”

“You’re welcome again. I hope.”

“What do you mean, ‘hope’?”

“I wasn’t entirely sure if ‘if not for you’ was a good thing. Since you miss your real dad, and you’re worried about your mom.”

“Let’s put it this way,” Meagan said after a moment. “This year with you won’t be the best Christmas ever. But it’ll be the best Christmas since I was… uh… twelve.”

“I’m honored.”

“You’re welcome. Definitely welcome. And I am so grateful to you and to your parents. I wouldn’t trade my parents for anybody, no matter how bad it got—but I am so grateful to be with the Daniels family today.”

“Good.”

“Christmas could be real important, y’know,” she added. “For next year, I mean.”

“You’d want to come here again?” he said, gesturing for them to turn down a different block.

“I’d absolutely want to.”

“I think you could come no matter what,” he said carefully. “Even if we’re not…”

“If we’re not together anymore?”

“Yeah. I mean—you’d need a place to go.”

She shook her head. “I couldn’t do that to you.”

“Oh.”

“And grad students don’t live in dorms, y’know. Wherever I end up, I’ll have my own place. Or a room of my own, anyway. Which means you could come to visit—if.”

“Yeah. If.”

They crunched.

“Weren’t we gonna not talk about the future during the break?”

“I didn’t say that. I said we should enjoy the break—which I guess means we can only talk about the future if it’s enjoyable?”

“Mmmkay.”

“Sorry, though. We were talking about the past, and then that just sorta naturally flowed into the future…”

“As is so often the case with time.”

“Hah, yes. And, well—here’s the honest truth, Parker. The only thing I’d ever give you up for is my future. But I really really hope you’re actually in my future. That I don’t have to choose.”

“That’s nice to hear,” Parker said, his heart suddenly feeling a bit lighter.

“Enjoyable, even?”

“Really.”

“Good.”

“So you wanna stay together after you graduate?”

“I absolutely wanna try.”

“Good,” he said. “That 'try' isn’t super-enjoyable, though.”

“It is for me. It’s maybe not blissful,” Meagan said, “but keeping you in my life as long as I possibly can seems like a darn good idea.”

“I just wish we could say we’d stay together for sure.”

“Oh, lover, nobody can say that,” Meagan said. “So much can happen. Nobody can know what’s coming.”

“That’s true."

“I mean, I might get hit by a bus. Or you could die in a freak gaming accident.”

“Fair enough!”

They had circled back around and were coming up to the little park from a different angle.

Parker said, “So we’d be long-distance for sure to start with.”

“Well, I’ll try to work at camp again, so yeah. And then off to—wherever.”

“Yeah. You’re right, Christmas would be a big deal. But I’d rather not wait for Christmas. Or even Thanksgiving. I’d wanna go visit you for weekends and so on. Maybe we can work out our schedules so we can take some time off on Fridays. Or one of us could, at least. I’ll try not to sign up for any Friday afternoon classes. A lot depends—I mean, everything depends on where you end up. There’s just so much we don’t know right now. …Meagan?”

He stopped and looked around. She was nowhere to be seen.

“Meagan?” he called.

Whack!

The snowball hit him right on the shoulder.

“Hah, yes! Direct hit!”

He spun around. She was already packing up her second snowball, and before he could gather one of his own, she hurled hers. He ducked and blocked it with his arm, but it still splattered all over him.

“Oh, now you’ve done it,” Parker said, and finished his own ball. But Meagan ducked behind a tree as he threw, and his snowball shattered harmlessly against the trunk.

Laughing, kicking up snow with their toes as the ran, scooping up a double handful where they could, packing it as they ran, throwing on the fly… they darted between the trees, discovered the snow was too light there for efficient ball-making, ran out onto the basketball court to gather up more—but risked exposure and lack of cover as they did…

Before long Meagan was standing atop the play structure, scooping up and hurling balls as he came on in pursuit. Hurry threw off her aim, and she missed more than she connected, but still got him hard in the face as he began to climb up. He roared with fury, brushing off the snow with the back of his hand so he could see again, only to get hit in the arm by another snow-missile. He finally could see her, somewhat, and flung the snowball he’d been hoarding. She had to duck to avoid it, and in that moment he clambered up the kid-sized ladder to the top of her fort. She made one more throw—it went wide—he rushed her, tackled her—kissed her—

“Time called on account of makeouts,” he said breathlessly, after they broke.

“Mmm, not a time-out, I think,” Meagan said. “We’re talking a full-on weather-related cancellation.”

“How could a snowball fight be canceled for weather when the snow’s still coming down?”

“What, you don’t think it’s getting awfully hot?” she said, and kissed him again.

*006*2019-01-23 03:38

This time with actual sexy bits!

###

The next day, after the two young people finally woke up, Will Daniels took Meagan and Parker out to the Christmas tree farm to select and cut their tree. Trimming the tree took up much of the afternoon, and after dinner all for of them sat around in front of the fire.

The next few days passed with warmth and snuggles and still further snowfights. Meagan and Parker spent a long time each day in bed—sometimes having sex, when Will and Donna had gone off to work for the day, but mostly just camped out, reading books or watching movies. Meagan insisted on helping with the cooking and cleaning, however, so that took some further time. And once the elder Danielses were home, they had wide-ranging conversations over dinner, never knowing where the talk would go next and (shortly) never knowing exactly how and why they’d gotten to where the talk currently was. And, yes, there were Christmas movies and hot chocolate in front of the fire.

Meagan and Parker had gotten home on the 17th. The cousins arrived on the 22nd for a long weekend. Corey was pretty reserved—not altogether sullen; it was Christmas, after all. Maddie, on the other hand, took to Meagan exactly as predicted, cemented firmly in a two-on-two snow battle in the backyard, girls (Meagan and Maddie) versus boys (Parker and his dad). After that, Meagan essentially had to pry Maddie off with a crowbar any time she needed to be alone. That wasn’t even totally metaphorical, as the girl was frequently literally hanging off Meagan’s arm, or clambering up her for piggyback rides.

So it was Meagan, Maddie, and Karen (Maddie’s mom) who were making the traditional family cookies. Parker was helping by “making pleasant conversation” as Karen had ordered him to do, and by taste-testing whenever the bakers weren’t looking. Corey was playing on his Gameboy at the table, drawn in by the promise of baked goods.

“‘Secret family recipe,’” Meagan had said. “Am I allowed to be part of this?”

“Yep!” Maddie said. “You’re in the family now.”

“Oh, good. I was wondering if you were gonna make me mix the batter blindfolded or something.”

“Not to worry,” Karen said.

“Yeah, just don’t tell anyone the secret ingredient, or then we’d have to kill you,” Parker added.

“What, you mean the…?”

“Don’t say it out loud! There are spies everywhere!”

As Maddie ferociously attacked the batter with a wooden spoon, and Karen set about greasing up some trays, Meagan stepped out into the dining room and gave Parker a hug. “I’m loving this,” she whispered.

“Yeah. This is Christmas,” Parker said. “Almost perfect.”

“Mmmmmmhmmmm.”

“And you haven’t even had the cookies yet.”

“I’ve had the batter. It’s delicious as is.”

“Yeah, but the finished product is even more amazing.”

When the first cookies came out of the oven, Meagan gasped. “They’re huge!”

“Yup!” Maddie said. “Now, let ‘em cool for a minute—but just a minute, they’re best when they’re still warm in the middle…” The minute passed, the girl picked one right up off the tray and held it up to feed it to Meagan.

Meagan dutifully took a bite, and then—“Oh. Oh, my,” she mumbled, her mouth full. “This—this is like the God of All Cookies.”

“Does he know the God of Hedgehogs?” Parker murmured in her ear.

“Probably. But this one tastes better. Much, much better.”

“Who’s the God of Hedgehogs?” Maddie demanded.

So naturally Meagan had to tell the story of how they first met—touching only lightly on the bathroom aspect—and then how they re-met out on the field and got to know each other, and re-telling the story made Parker fall in love with her all over again.

That night they spooned together in Parker’s bed—the only way to do it, as his bed wasn’t really built for two—and Meagan said quietly, “So here’s a funny twist.”

“Hmmm?”

“You told me Maddie would love me, and she obviously does. But I think both your cousins have a crush on me.”

“Maddie’s a little young for crushes…”

“Oh, no she isn’t. I don’t think she really knows what’s going on, but she’s totally got a thing for me. So much touching. But I didn’t see Corey coming.”

“He hasn’t said two words to you!”

“True. But he’s been sneaking peeks at me constantly.”

“I hadn’t noticed.”

“That’s because you’re watching me, not him. Try keeping an eye on him tomorrow. You’ll see.”

The next day was Christmas Eve.

As instructed, Parker watched Corey—and saw that, yes, the reserved teenager was definitely watching Meagan closely. He had a tendency to drift into her presence, though he would simply sit and play games rather than interacting. Whenever she walked by, his eyes would follow her—especially her butt. And he had a tendency to look away, or leave the room, when Meagan and Parker got a little clingy. Parker was at first amused, but once seen, he couldn’t unsee it—and when Corey’s stares got a little too hungry, Parker found himself getting clingy with Meagan more than usual. He’d have spent the whole weekend hugging her if Maddie hadn’t demanded so much attention and physical activity.

After dinner, Will lit the fire, and Karen made hot chocolate, and there were leftover cookies, and everyone snuggled together in the living room with the lights down, watching the fire. Since couch and chair space was at a premium, Meagan was sitting in Parker’s lap. Maddie had attempted to sit in Meagan’s lap in turn, but she was gently dissuaded from crushing Parker underneath. Corey positioned himself so he didn’t have to look at them, and Maddie was all over the rug.

“Want some more, Maddie?” Meagan asked, getting up.

“Yes please!”

“Only because it’s Christmas,” Karen said warningly. “And this is your last cup.”

Meagan poured herself a second mug and brought Maddie one as well. By the time the girl was finished, however, Meagan had not only polished off her mug, she’d drunk some water and made some tea for a chaser. Parker began to get suspicious—and hopeful. Hope was replaced by certainty as she casually drew a letter P on his arm. And since she could get up and go to the bathroom any time, but wasn’t doing anything of the sort, he seemed pretty sure it was for his benefit.

Strangely, however, he felt a little ambivalent. There seemed something weird about playing sexual hold-it games on Christmas Eve. Parker’s family was barely religious, but there still seemed something off about it. If nothing else, Christmas was about family. It was an absolute delight that Meagan had been accepted in as part of that family. But still—it was a family time, not fantasy time.

The grown-ups started yawning and then retired to bed—or, rather, the older generation retired to bed, as Meagan had to be considered a grown-up, too. Instead she and Parker stayed up with the kids a little longer, until she finally did a very mom-like thing and told Maddie to bed down. Perhaps because of the sugar or because of the occasion, this took rather longer than it should have, and it was only by simply closing Parker’s door in Maddie’s face that Meagan made her escape.

She turned to Parker, drew him close, draped her arms around his neck, and kissed him a long, long time. “So,” she whispered in his ear, “ ‘All I want for Christmas is you.’ ”

“ ‘I can arrange that,’ ” Parker whispered back. “ ‘You could use a good kiss.’ ”

“I think you’re mixing quotations.”

“Some things are instinctual. Why are we whispering?”

“Because your parents are just across the hall, Maddie and Corey are both really tuned in to what I’m up to today, and what I do next I wanna keep just between us.”

“Mm. What did you have in mind?”

“You know.”

He nodded. He also could not keep a secret.

“What’s up?” she said, still whispering.

“Christmas doesn’t seem like the time.”

“Well, we don’t have to if you don’t want to. But two things: one, I’ve been imagining this—wanting this—since your parents invited me, and two, whatever you decide, can you decide quickly?” And he realized she was already locked down.

“Uh… wanting this?”

She put her mouth right up to his ear. “I want you in me while I’m full. I really do.”

“You make a compelling case. Convince me?”

“I will. But no more whispers.”

“How…?”

She pushed him down onto the edge of his bed, turned on the bedside light, turned off the overhead light, and then danced.

It wasn’t just a pee dance, and it wasn’t just a striptease, and it wasn’t just her getting her groove on, either, but a combination of all three. He flashed back to the first time she’d ever held it just for him—his birthday—and how she’d merged her dance party with her desperate wriggling. This was much the same, except that she was also slowly unbuttoning her flannel shirt. It was, he realized, the same one she’d been wearing for the photoshoot. And she pulled the same trick, gradually working her way out of all the layers underneath it while leaving the flannel still on her shoulders. Her breasts swaying with each move, she danced on. Each time she bent down, or crossed her legs, or spun, he wondered if it was triggered by the dance or the desperation, until he realized it was both.

She straddled his lap, placing his hand on the bare skin just above the waistband on her hip, and kissed him deeply, pressing herself against him at every point. She had to press one hand against her crotch for a moment, her face a mixture of amusement and anxiety, and he realized that having her legs spread that wide was increasingly hard for her. She whispered in his ear, “Decided?”

“Yes. Yes, yes, yes.”

“Good.” She slid off him, went to her knees, unzipped his fly. She stroked them both, one hand on each groin—but occasionally letting her effort at holding show in her face, as the hand she had busy on herself had to stop and hold for a minute.

Then she placed his own hand on his cock, got up, and started dancing again. The wriggling was much more obvious now, conveying without words just how much she needed to go. She unbuttoned her shorts—half for the striptease, half for the access it allowed her fingers, which were spending a lot of time down there by now. Her pirouettes were all done cross-legged now. He was hard, all reservations forgotten. She got her shorts down, kicked them off, and then had to cross her legs still tighter. She pantomimed the relief of dropping pants while at a toilet—lifting an imaginary lid and squatting to complete the picture—then grabbed herself with both hands and danced around to show that she was all the more desperate because of getting her shorts off. He realized she was probably overacting a little to show more clearly what was up with her body, to make up for the lack of words. He felt a moment’s irritation—and then decided he didn’t care.

He stood up, stripping off his shirt and letting his jeans fall to the floor, and pantomimed something else, with a gesture both ancient and easily understood.

Meagan shook her head, tapped her wrist where her watch usually was, jerked a thumb over her shoulder in the direction of the living room where Corey and Maddie were, and mimed sleep. We’re stalling until they’ve gone to bed, he mentally translated.

And to get you more full, he responded by hand gesture (pointing at her bladder and indicating it filling up). She nodded energetically, showing she understood, and kept dancing.

But then she stopped dancing and bent over a little, hands between her legs, and repeated his earlier “Time to fuck?” gesture, with a questioning look on her face. He nodded, but pointed back to her. She nodded back, grabbing the lube to show she was ready to go with a little help.

They got their underwear off, so the only article of clothing between them was still her flannel shirt, and lubed him up thoroughly. She pushed him back down to a sitting position, straddled him once again—this time with a look of momentary agony in her eyes as her legs spread—and guided him into her.

It was strangely more intimate than much of their recent lovemaking—sex in the silence. They indicated to each other how they were doing with glances, small gestures, small squeezes. Despite her desperation, she somehow managed to hold it with her legs spread. She did rub herself a lot—and she was incredibly tight around his cock, showing she was using all her inner muscles to keep her pee in. Which made her feel incredible. Which he told her, through gesture and facial expression.

She grinned, a lopsided dead-sexy grin with her hair falling across her face and her shoulders, her breath coming a little quick through her smile, head cocked to the side a little.

He had one hand around her waist and cupping her butt to help keep her in his lap. The other he ran up to her breast, stroking the undersides and circling her nipple, and then snaked around behind her to feel up her sexy back under her shirt. She leaned back against his grip and formed a heart with both hands, pressing it first against her own heart and then to his. Then she put her hands on his shoulders and flung back her head, eyes half-lidded in bliss. She never once stopped riding him.

To his amazement—for no hands were anywhere near her crotch and her vibe was still in its drawer—he felt telltale contractions around his cock. It wasn’t her trying to hold back her pee, either. In a moment, the ripples of her muscles were unmistakable. So was the look on her face. Both set him off. He came deep and long into her. But not as long as she came, for she was still climaxing after he was spent.

Flushed and grinning and out of breath, she nuzzled him, kissed him, bit his lip gently, nuzzled him some more. He kissed her back, then gestured to show fireworks, with a look of surprise. She tapped the base of his cock, then tapped her bladder, and gave a big thumbs up. He nodded in the direction of the bathroom, a question mark in his eyes. She shrugged—an incredibly sexy gesture, in that moment—and held him. Both with her arms and with her vaginal muscles. He buried his face in her shoulder, drinking in her scent, marvelling once again just how insanely lucky he was.

Eventually he softened and she squeezed him out. She grabbed a handful of tissues and mopped up some of the mess. But by now she was trembling with the effort of holding back her piss with just her inner muscles, and she jumped off his lap to crotch-grab and bend over. He followed her up, caressing her back, admiring her dangling breasts, kissing her hair and shoulders, and then pointed to the bathroom. She nodded eagerly—and then her mouth twisted a little, perplexed, and she gestured to her almost-naked, sweaty body.

He helped her button up her shirt, and then sacrificed some sweatpants to the cause. She was jiggling (always a pleasant sight) as he got them up her legs; then he quickly donned a pair of his own, and they slipped silently across the hall to the bathroom. He closed the door of his room behind them, so the light would not wake the cousins, and Meagan waited until he was in and the bathroom door closed before she flipped on the light. The light revealed that she had her other hand entirely down her borrowed pants. She wiggled again, looking helpless.

He removed her clothing again, gently, with no hurry, adding kisses to each bit of exposed skin, as she smiled and sighed and grimaced and squirmed. Finally she was naked, and at his nod she sat down to pee. The look on her face was blissful.

He took his turn peeing, and then they washed each other a little, with warm washcloths only (a shower would be too loud). Every place he cleaned he kissed. Finally they stood, all cleaned up, naked, making out with soft little kisses, until she shivered—for the heat hadn’t been on for a while.

Meagan didn’t bother getting dressed this time. She just gathered up her shirt and sweats, turned out the light, and opened the door. In the darkness, the crack of faint light from under Parker’s door was their only guide. She listened and heard nothing from Maddie or Corey. She stepped across to Parker’s door, Parker right behind her, and then slipped in quickly.

When they were in bed and under the covers and warmed up (which again involved making out), Meagan whispered, “Merry Christmas, Parker.”

“Merry Christmas. And thank you.”

“You’re welcome—and thank you. I got just what I wanted.”

