Sestina

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2015-10-12 01:29

A sestina is a specific type of fixed verse poem that doesn't rhyme but uses a particular form of "lexical repetition". Anyway I've written you all one about wetting. Each stanza tells it's own story about a different type of wetting but are knitted together by the repetition of the final word in each line and the envoi at the end.

She looks in grim dismay down at her legs

The spreading stain runs, soaking wet and dark

Her latest accident, too vast to hide

From judging eyes, all ready to laugh

As she did, leading to misfortune wet

And leaving pride, once vaunted, drenched with pee

She holds her breath and then she begins to pee

It’s running through the hand between her legs

And scalding, soaking knickers ‘neath those wet

And groping fingertips that press the dark

And clinging fabric against her folds. A laugh

Of glee peals, of passion she will not hide

Her desperation peaks. No way to hide

How frantic her movements. Find a place to pee

Is all her thoughts can think. She can’t but laugh

At her foolish predicament. Her legs

Are shaking. She can not help them. Her dark

Dress grows darker. She can not help but wet.

She shakes a bit, her brow with sweat is wet

More than all else she wants to run and hide

She fears public speaking more than the dark

Her stomach butterflies, she needs to pee

“Am I already peeing? Gasps. Her legs

Are wet. And then the crowd begins to laugh

The heavy steps echo a heavy laugh

Just underneath a rocky shelter wet

With rain she looks at bent misshapen legs

And shuffles mindlessly into her hide

With terror wild her bladder gushes pee

She stares quietly frozen, still as the dark

She bounces higher. The evening’s dark

Is cool against her skin. She start to laugh

For joy of timelessness. She starts to pee

For stress of trampoline. In moments wet

Her jeans, to ankles drenched. No way to hide

A gift the baby has wrought down her legs

In moments dark or joyous, though all wet,

We should laugh, or cry, but never once hide

The emotion that pee brings lives, and legs

