Kay's Final Round

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2022-11-22 06:00

This was written for @Kayn as a prize for winning the most recent writing competition!

###

Kay’s Final Round

Kayla shut off her car and took one last look at herself in her rearview mirror, touching up the makeup that was gently laid on her perfectly tanned skin and making sure that her shoulder length brown hair still looked as perfect as it did when she left home this morning. She finished off the last few sips of the 24oz iced coffee in her cupholder and stood up out of her car in the cool fall air.

She paused for a second to marvel at the monolithic structure in front of her. The headquarters of the OMO Corp, one of the most prestigious companies in her field. Today was a day she had been looking forward to with nervous excitement for weeks, the chance to interview for her dream job.

At 22 years old, Kayla had only just graduated from college and was lucky to have such an opportunity right out of the gate. She had been living with her parents for the past few months and had taken up a part time job as a cashier at a local grocery store. This was her big chance to change all of that. She had already completed several virtual interviews and this was to be the final round. An onsite, series of interviews that would last for most of the day. She checked her watch, 9:50, she was right on time for the ten o’clock start.

As she strode toward the entrance to the building she double checked her outfit one final time. She was wearing a white blouse with a black blazer on top, a pair of tight black pants, and high heels. She looked good, in fact, she had just bought this outfit for the occasion.

Entering the lobby she strode confidently up to the receptionist’s desk and got herself all checked in before taking a seat in the waiting area. She glanced around and spotted a water cooler that reminded her that she probably had coffee breath from the drink she had had on the ride in. Getting back up, she grabbed a plastic cup and filled it with water, quickly drinking it and being sure to swish it around a bit to keep herself as fresh as possible.

After a few more minutes, she finally heard a familiar voice calling her name.

“Hi Kayla, it’s great to finally meet you in person” Courtney said smiling as she approached with an outstretched hand, which Kayla excited shook as she stood up.

Courtney was Kayla’s prospective hiring manager and the person within the company that Kayla had interviewed with and talked to the most throughout the process. They seemed to get along great and Kayla was very excited at the prospect of having her as a manager. Courtney was a bit older, probably in her mid 340s or so, the perfect age to be a mentor to her while also having enough in common that they could easily relate. Courtney actually resembled Kayla quite a bit, with longer brown hair and similar features. Kayla was surprised to learn that Courtney towered over her though, she must have been over 6 feet tall. She already looked up to Courtney as a role model. She was a Director at OMO Corp, exactly where she wanted to be one day, and as much as she did like Courtney, she was just ever so slightly intimidated by her.

The two made small talk as Kayla followed Courtney in to the depths of the massive building, until they reached what Kayla gathered was the HR department.

“Okay” Courtney said “Your first step will be to meet with HR, they’ll ask you some basic questions and go through some paperwork with you, it will take about an hour. After that, you and I will have a one on one, then I’ll introduce you to the rest of the team before we all break for lunch in our cafeteria at around 1. Then after lunch we’ll meet with some of our senior department leaders.”

Just as Courtney finished, another woman approached the pair. Courtney introduced her as Kathy, one of their HR reps “I’ll come pick you up from here at 11, see you soon!”

The next hour seemed to fly by as Kathy took Kayla through some basic HR procedures, but everything went well and before she knew it, Courtney was knocking on the door.

Back through the maze of hallways, Kayla followed Courtney in to her own office, which was quite nice.

“I know you mentioned before that you’re a big coffee drinker” Courtney said excitedly “I have my own cold brew machine right here in my office, do you want to try some?”

Kayla accepted happily, although she felt like she could hardly refuse, and the interview commenced. It felt very casual and informal - which could only be a very good sign.

Like the first hour, this one seemed to fly by as well, and before she knew it, Kayla was following Courtney down the hall to meet with the rest of her prospective team.

As she walked down the hall Kayla felt a fullness in her bladder. Unsurprising given all of the liquids she had drank. She could have asked before they left Courtney’s office but it would be a bit awkward now that they were nearly there and besides, she didn’t have to go badly at all. It was already almost 12pm and the lunch break would be coming up shortly.

Shaking pee thoughts out of her mind, Kayla focused back up as she was led in to a conference room where several people were waiting to introduce themselves to her, and as time went on, Kayla was pleased that she seemed to be getting along great with everyone. Whenever there was a lull in the conversation though, Kayla couldn’t help but let her mind drift back to her bladder. Her need to pee was much more persistent, and she was definitely looking forward to getting to go before lunch now. She had originally thought this was just going to be a quick meet and greet, but now it was 12:45 and it was apparent that they wouldn’t be breaking for lunch until 1.

By the time 1 o’clock rolled around, Kayla’s bladder was consistently aching, and she was really, really looking forward to a bathroom break. She stood up slowly and followed the team out of the conference room and toward the cafeteria, doing her best to maintain her confident stride and stay involved in the small talk. The last thing she wanted was for anyone to notice that her bladder was so full it was practically trembling.

After a few minutes of agonizingly slowly walking, the group was finally approaching the cafeteria and Kayla could see a bathroom right next to the entrance, her salvation. As they got closer, she was already rehearsing in her mind exactly how she was going to break away from the group. “I’ll catch up with you guys in one minute” she would say, and then before anyone could respond, she’d dash in, find a stall, and pee to her heart’s content.

But as they approached, Courtney turned to one of the guys on the team. “Brian” she said “Can you show Kayla how to get lunch and show her where we sit? I’m just going to pop to the bathroom real quick.”

As much as she liked Courtney, Kayla was very irritated now. Popping off was one thing, telling her hopeful boss and prospective future coworkers that no, actually, she had to go the bathroom right now, then having said boss hear her pee from the next stall over, was another entirely and something Courtney really wanted to avoid. So she said nothing, deciding to keep holding it until she got settled with her lunch, and then excusing herself at the earliest reasonable opportunity.

Being led through the cafeteria helped Kayla put her need to pee to the back of her mind for a while. She was at the point where as long as she could stay occupied the urge was mostly still bearable other than the constant dull ache in her abdomen. Sometimes though, especially when her mind happened to wander back to it, she would have to fan her legs a bit to stave it off.

Courtney was planning to sit her tray down at the table and excuse herself, but as they approached the table, a man who she immediately recognized as one of the VPs of her department that she had seen in her online prowling came over to the group and struck up a conversation with them, taking an immediate interest in his potential newest team member.

Kayla was excited but also a bit dismayed when he sat down to join them for lunch. There was now no easy way out of the conversation, so Kayla begrudgingly sat down and tightly crossed her legs, leaning forward a bit to help take the edge off the urge.

Thankfully for Kayla the next hour seemed to fly by as she was kept in constant conversation. Kept so busy that she was barely able to even touch her food. A few more executives, who would be joining the interview after lunch, had joined in on the conversation and kept her so occupied that her bladder had become just a dull ache that she had mostly repressed, only occasionally having the thought in her mind that it was almost completely taught and that at the first possible opportunity she would absolutely have to get herself to a toilet.

2 o’clock came around, and Courtney and the executives stood up to walk with Kayla to the conference room where with the final session would be taking place.

Sitting down and being distracted had really helped Kayla keep her mind off of her now incredibly full bladder, but standing up nearly opened the flood gates. She had needed to go very badly, but now this was an absolute emergency. Kayla couldn’t help but bend forward and slightly cross her thighs to stave off a massive urge. It had been a while since Kayla had need to pee this bad, not since she had been caught out in line for a bar during a girls night out and had basically flown to the bathrooms the second she got in. She remember that pain clearly, she had really thought she was going to pee herself that night but there was absolutely nowhere to squat.

Coming back to reality, she immediately looked up at the bathroom she had walked past on the way in, but was horrified to realize she was being swept in the opposite direction.

The execs led Kayla out of the back of the Cafeteria and rounded a corner leading to an elevator. They all stepped inside and Kayla swallowed hard as she was forced to stand still in the crowded elevator, painstakingly watching the numbers creep up as they headed back to their floor. She had to get a bathroom now, she was going to have to just bite the bullet and ask, whatever it took.

The doors finally opened and Kayla was forced to respond to someone asking her a question, while trying to breathe normally. God she had to pee she had to pee she had to pee!

Whisked down the hallway, Kayla finally saw what she needed most in the world, a bathroom. These high ups were still taking to her and still talking back, but in the back of her mind all she was thinking about was getting her butt on to a toilet. She would just have to ask to go, she’d interrupt someone if she had to, she would actually pee herself is she couldn’t get to a bathroom before this interview.

But, as they approached the bathroom, and Kayla opened her mouth to speak up, a final knife was plunged in to her chest.

“Out of order, please use rest rooms on other side of the floor near Accounting”

Kayla’s mind went blank. Her ears were ringing, for a moment she felt like her vision was blurred. She had convinced herself that she was about to get to let go, no matter what, and now, a wave panic washed over her as her whole plan went out the window. Her mind raced, but her body seemed to be on auto pilot as she passed by the bathroom, denied her ultimate relief, and was ushered into a conference room where should be trapped for the next hour.

She had been so close to relief, and was so taken aback by this turn of events, that she suddenly felt a spurt of burning hot pee escape her throbbing pussy and shoot in to the gusset of her light pink thong. Suddenly aware again of her surroundings, she nearly bent over double and grabbed the inside of her thigh, focusing all of her willpower and cutting herself off, she then feigned a bit of a stumble, not easy thing to do in heels, to obscure what she was doing as she made her way to her seat and sat down.

She wasn’t sure if there had been a lull in the conversation or if she had just been completely zoned out, but Kayla flashed the room a weak smile, sitting and being able to recross her legs had allowed the urge to subside just the slightest bit. Even though her bladder itself still was searing with hot pain, the urgency was not as great and Kay tried to refocus on the conversation at hand.

For about 15 minutes, Kayla soldiered on, having to pee as bad as she ever had in her life, but somehow, heroically managing to focus on her interview, with a lot of wiggling and some tightly crossed legs.

20 minutes in though, Kayla’s composure was starting to fade. She found herself just robotically answering questions with little ability to keep track of the conversation. She was glancing at the clock every 30 seconds. She was never the religious type, but she was paying to god for a miracle to come along and get her to a bathroom. The pain was unbearable. She was squeezing her inner thigh so hard with her hand that she was worried she was going to draw blood.

At the 30 minute mark, Kayla was rocking forward and backward in her chair rapidly. Like she had before she leaked, she could once again feel the pee right on the edge of escape. Her vulva was quivering inside of her still slightly damp panties. Nearly her whole body consumed with the agony of keeping this incredible quantity of liquid inside her.

25 minutes left, Kayla has been almost watching the seconds tick by, scooting forward and backward even more quickly in her chair while knocking her knees together under the table. Finally, she nearly chokes on her spit as a massive urge overcomes her and just a tiny bit more leaks out. She’s actually going to pee herself in this room. In complete desperation, she allows her left hand to crawl up the inside of her thy and give her exhausted pussy a squeeze. Pressing her panties in to herself she can really feel the wetness. She had only meant to do this for a second but realizes she can’t take her hand away. No one can explicitly see what she’s doing, but she realizes she must look ridiculous.

With 20 minutes left, the lead interviewer for this session informs Kayla that they’re just about wrapping up, and asks her if she had any questions for them. She did actually, she had prepared several, but at the moment all she could feel was overjoyed at the fact that she could just say no and that the interview would be over. She hadn’t even considered that they had reserved some time at the end for this.

“NoIdon’tthinkIhaveany” she blurted out, surprising a yelp as another leak escaped.

Pleasantries are exchanged as Kayla makes a gameplan, she locks eyes with Courtney who gives her a concerned but disappointed look. Tears are welling up in Kayla’s eyes. Just a few more moments, just a few more moments and everyone will leave and she can absolutely beg Courtney to show her to the nearest toilet.

She watches as the executives file out of the room, she starts to stand, legs pinned together, but just as salvation arrives, she’s once again delayed, as the last executive, a prestigious looking older woman named Margaret, closes the conference room door.

“Just one more moment dear, have a seat” she says

Kayla slowly lowers herself back in to her seat. It’s agony now, a few more burning hot drops dribble out in her soaked underwear.

“Whatever is the matter dear? You seemed to be doing so well earlier today, but I couldn’t help notice you have seemed a bit out of sorts in this final sess-”

“I’M S-SORRY” Kayla sobs loudly, cutting the older woman off. “I need to use the restroom, extremely badly, I’m an idiot., I’m so. sorry”

There’s a moment of silence in the room as Margaret seems a bit taken aback.

“PLEASE” Kayla wails “PLEASE can I go? Please? I’m so sorry about this”

She’s back on her feet now, nearly bent over double.

“Of course dear I’m terribly sorry” Margaret says quickly “Courtney, please show Kayla to the nearest restroom.”

Courtney rushes to grab her things and stand up, leaving the conference room. Kayla hobbles after her. They immediately go to the bathroom just outside, it seems Courtney didn’t even notice it was closed. Courtney panics a bit, trying to prevent her young interviewee from totally humiliating herself.

“I’m sorry” Courtney says “This way”

Her surroundings are a blur as Kayla follows Courtney through yet another maze of hallways. She hopes to God Courtney doesn’t take her to an elevator, there’s no way she’d be able to hang on if she had to stand still again.

“Just around this corner… I’ll come with you actually, I need to go as well.” Courtney said, trying to sound sympathetic.

Kayla realizes this is the exact situation she had tried to avoid earlier, now even more embarrassing than then, but she really didn’t care much, she just wanted to not completely pee her pants. If Courtney had to listen to her piss a lake, so be it, she wasn’t getting this job anyway and she didn’t care about even that at the moment.

They round the corner and Kayla bolts in to the room she so badly needs. 4 blue cubicles, all occupied, some with a tinkle coming from within.

“Aaaah!” Kayla moans, bending back over immediately and plunging her hand in to her crotch.

“Oh gosh” Courtney says “Must be because the other bathroom is closed”

Kayla prances in a circle, hand still in her crotch. She unbuttons her nice dress pants and plunges a hand in, feeling her fingers get wet as she grips herself helplessly. Her bladder is so full she can feel it spilling out of her waste band and touching her forearm as she buries her hand deeper in to her crotch.

Finally a stall opens and Kayla charges in, locking the door, she drops her pants and collapses on to the toilet, pee thundering out before she even finishes sitting down. She pisses like a firehose for nearly 15 seconds, before her stream tapers off a bit but is still going strong. She sees feet entering the stall next to hers, Courtney’s, and soon after hears her neighbors trickle.

Courtney finishes her pee and is washing her hands before Kayla’s comes to a final stop, she must have gone for at least a minute, but it felt like much longer.

Gathering herself and halfheartedly attempting to dry her panties with toilet paper, Kayla exits the stall, washes her hands, and meets Courtney outside the bathroom. Face red as a tomato, body still trembling with indescribable relief.

“Better?” Courtney asks quietly, Kayla can only nod.

The two make some attempt at small talk as Courtney leads Kayla back down to the lobby, the outside air feels refreshing as she exits the building, sits down in her car, and collapses her head on to the wheel, her abs feeling sore, her body and mind completely exhausted from her ordeal.

———————————————————————————————————————————

Epilogue

Kayla is relieved to finally see her manager making her way over to her register. She requested a break over 30 minutes ago. She needed to pee badly and didn’t think she could hold it for the remaining 2 hours of her shift.

As she made her way toward the bathrooms in the back of the store, her cell phone rang, unknown number. She repressed the hope that it could be OMO corp calling her back. It had been 2 weeks and she had accepted she would likely not be getting the job before she had even left the parking lot, but answering the phone, she felt her stomach drop as she immediately recognized Courtney’s voice.

She had gotten the job.

Kayla stopped in the middle of the store to chat with Courtney about the new position, her heart leaping with joy the entire time.

Hanging up, she noticed she had been on the phone for 10 minutes, far exceed the 5 minute break she had promised. Still right near the front of the store, Kayla realized she would not have time for her bathroom break, and headed back to her post. 90 minutes left in her shift. 90 minutes and she would walk out these doors for the final time, ready to begin an exciting new chapter of her life.

