First Story-Pokemorph

Author: Walnut

*000*2014-11-02 15:11

NOTE-This was copied off Pages, so some things that should be italicized may not be italicized.

NOTE 2-Depending on if people hate this or not, I might continue.

NOTE 3-This fanfic (and others I might write) are...weird. The differences:

- No humans

- No pokemon

- The pokemorphs pretty much take over as the dominant species

- No training, pokeballs, or pretty much any similarities to the show at all. No pokemon trainers either.

Similarities to the show/pokemon:

- There are still battles

- Battles include the actual moves and damage of the pokemon the pokemorphs are based off of

Sky sat at a wooden picnic table, nibbling at her spaghetti. Sky is a 17-year-old Pichu pokemorph in Ms. Rosalyn’s High School for Girls. She has a decent figure-C cup breasts, a slim waist, and long, thin legs. While she is not conceited in the least, Sky tends to brush all of her yellow fur every morning. She doesn’t skip the black ruff around her neck or the black, triangular patches on her rhombus-like ears either. Same with her tail. Sky wears a grey pleated skirt that goes halfway to her knees and a navy blue, button-up shirt (the school uniform). Her eyes look like little pools of water reflecting a cloudless sky.

Sky POV

I sucked a spaghetti noodle from my fork, wondering why everyone hated me. The popular Shaymins found any way to make fun of me that they could, and everyone laughed when they pointed out embarrassing things about me. I just didn’t understand. I was kind of cute, and kind. I had never said anything mean or rude to anyone. I couldn’t believe I didn’t have one friend in this school of four hundred or so girls.

The sun beat down. I could smell the blacktop, the temperature was so high. Sweat ran down my arms, legs, torso, and face. I probably looked like I had just stepped out of the shower-and hadn’t bothered to remove my clothes while taking it. I unscrewed the metal top from my water canteen. The water inside made a metallic sloshing sound, if it could be called that. It sounded like a xylophone, maybe. Either way, I didn’t really care. I consumed the entire bottle before realizing the water was lukewarm. “Ick...” I mumbled. I walked over to the water fountain to refill my canteen. I wished a breeze would slash through the thick, humid air.

As I walked back to my table, my wish came true. (Not really.) A sudden gust of wind made my skirt fly up, revealing my lilac cotton panties to everyone. Amy, Celia, and Emma (the popular Shaymins mentioned earlier) just had to be looking. Celia started singing “I see Paris, I see France...” Everyone else quickly joined in.

“I see Sky’s underpants!” My already pink cheeks burned, and I ran back to my table. Tears began to leak out of my eyes as the girls giggled behind me. I sniffled, then sipped from my canteen of water. At least the water’s cold... I thought, trying to be optimistic. Before I knew it, the bell rang and the girls pushed to get inside. I refilled my canteen, then trailed after the crowd. Who wants to be trampled, anyway?

My next class was Language Arts. I watched attentively and took notes as my teacher lectured about two excerpts from different books,which was more grammatically correct, and why. I made it through this period easily, only feeling the slightest twinges in my bladder.

The class after that was science. Again, my teacher lectured. This time, it was about the anatomy of cells and how they interact instead of grammatical stuff. I squirmed in my seat, urine sloshing in my bladder. “Let me out!” my urine seemed to squeak.

By the end of that class, I was bouncing rapidly up and down. I wanted to use the bathroom, but I was only getting a B average in math, my next class. I rushed through the marble-floored halls to get there.

45 minutes into math class, I couldn’t pay attention to the teacher anymore. I kept bouncing until I realized it was not helping my aching bladder at all, so I sat rigid in my seat. My legs were tightly crossed as I tried in vain to concentrate on my math. After a while, I looked up at the clock, face strained. 15 minutes left... I shoved one paw under my skirt, holding my crotch desperately. Why me? I wondered, biting my lip to keep from whimpering.

5 minutes... I gathered my books with my free paw. “...and that concludes today’s math class. Goodbye, everyone, and don’t forget your projects are due Monday,” the teacher said. The bell rang.

I hobbled out of the classroom. My right hand tightly squeezed my crotch through my panties, while my right hand carried my books. I hobbled to my locker, fumbling with the combination lock. I whined under my breath, tears coming to my eyes. I walked to the exit as quickly as possible. I yanked hard on the handle. Oh gosh oh gosh why won’t it open? I panicked. My bladder muscles relaxed, a spurt of urine dampening my previously fluffy and dry panties. No...no no no...this can’t be happening! I jiggled the handle again, knowing it was useless. Can it?

The warning bell rang. That meant five minutes until they unlocked the doors. I stood there, and pressed both hands against my crotch in a desperate attempt to keep my pee in. I accidentally bent over. Laughs echoed through the halls, and I remembered that everyone exited through this door. The haunting, cruel chorus started up again.

“I see Paris, I see France...” Face flushed, I stood straight again-but not before Celia noticed something. The Shaymin walked towards me and lifted my skirt with a quizzical look on her face. She felt the crotch of my panties. Her hand ran over my clitoris, making me jump.

“This is...damp?” Celia said. She sniffed, then leaped back with revulsion. “You’re...you’re peeing!” she yelped. An amused look spread across her face. Th-they’re going to call me something like “Queen Pissypants” for the rest of my life! A lump rose in my throat, to big to swallow. I bit my lip, trying to stem the sob. That was impossible. I wailed, burying my face in my damp hands. In doing so, I lost control. The urine in my bladder had been just waiting for me to give up, and attacked my pee hole. A stream of urine ran down my leg, branching off into smaller streams as it continued through my fur.

Pee dripped out of my panties, making a splashing noise as it met the ground. The girls started laughing hysterically. I will remember the laughter forever. Shrieks, chortles, giggles, snickers, and chuckles bounced off the walls. The girl’s eyes closed tightly, tears of laughter leaking out. Mouths formed wide, open-mouthed smiles. Some girls pounded the floor or crumpled to their knees. “Why?” I whispered through a sob. Urine started to flow freely, pooling on the ground. My poor Mary Janes were soaked. My skirt was mostly dry, thank goodness. My panties were another story, though. The dripping article of clothing clung to my crotch and buttocks.

Ironically, the end-of-day bell rang the very second all my urine had finished dribbling out. The girls shoved past me to get to the door, still laughing and whispering names like “Sky the Pisser” and “Pissypants Sky” and even “SkyPiss”. I was knocked down as the girls ran past. Still sobbing, I ran home. Cold urine still fell off my legs and panties.

Why me? Why not Celia? Or Amy? Or somebody, I hate all of them!

