Fiona Oceans: Piss Talk

Author: Wolfram

*000*2018-12-30 03:23

This is the first omo-related story I've written!

Some important info on the main character, Fiona Oceans: her, along with the other women in her family, have the abnormal trait that they can hold their pee as long as they want to without leaking... although they do have a limit to how much they can hold and still be comfortable. They're also mostly voluptuous air-heads; Fiona is mostly an exception, in that while she is moderately curvy, she looks rather normal, and she's a bit ditzy at times. She works as a model for a company that specializes in diuretics and tight clothing. Oh, and her husband has full control over her bathroom privileges, and he likes her to go at most once every week, sometimes longer.

Now for the actual story. She was invited on to a talk show all about bladders, holding your pee, and desperation, called "BladderTV".

The host of the talk show walks on screen from the right. She's roughly 5'4" (1.63 meters) tall, with long, blonde hair held in a single ponytail, bright blue eyes and plump lips, wide hips, and particularly large breasts. She's wearing a tight, pure white dress that is just barely clear enough to reveal her lack of any undergarments except for a tight corset, and heels that are approximately 4" (10 cm) tall. She's clearly desperate to pee, taking deliberate, careful steps as she walks.

She sits down on the large, puffy chair on the left of the set, clenches her legs together tightly, puts her large coffee cup on the nearby table, and starts talking. "I'm Heather Nadmiar, and this is Piss Talk! Today we have a special guest, a model you've definitely heard of, Fiona Oceans!"

The audience claps as Fiona walks in from the left. She's wearing a tiny crop top that ends right below her breasts, extremely short short shorts that barely cover an inch of her leg and barely cover her pussy; basically, she's baring her entire middle. She's also wearing 6" (15 cm) tall heels... and she's sporting a large bladder bulge, emphasized by her midriff-baring outfit. As she passes by Heather, she casually drops a tiny pill into the host's coffee; while the host doesn't notice, much of the audience does, although they stay quiet out of curiosity. Fiona takes a seat on the right, in the smaller, soft chair, her legs pressed slightly together, but not nearly as strongly as Heather's. "Thanks for having me, Heather."

Heather takes a large sip from her coffee cup, then replies. "It's a pleasure! So, you said you were going to talk about diuretics?"

Fiona nods, then says, "Yes; a sister company to the one I model for has recently come out with a new line of special diuretics, in no less than seven different types. The main ones are weak, normal, strong, extra-strong, maximum, and super-maximum." After stopping for a breath, and a nod from Heather, she continues. "The weak, normal, strong, and extra-strong ones are pretty self-explanatory, and are just regular diuretics of varying strengths." Heather takes a larger sip from her coffee cup and starts to bounce her left leg. "Maximum-strength diuretics are not only stronger than extra-strong diuretics, but have some magic infused in them that increases their strength further and provides extra water to the body."

"W-wow..." stutters Heather, getting increasingly anxious while drinking more of her coffee. Her desperation has progressed rapidly from significant to extreme, and she grips the soft edges of her chair very tightly. The corset under her dress is visibly strained by her ever-growing bladder.

After smirking at the sight of the host getting increasingly desperate, our model continues. "These are generally recommended for either those who want to piss buckets right now, or have amazing bladders and can handle its incredible effects." The host takes a nervous sip of her coffee, but is clearly struggling to hold in the growing mass of hot pee inside her. "Finally, there's the super-maximum diuretics. They're very much like the maximum ones, but much stronger. Even someone with a well-trained bladder, like Heather, couldn't handle its effects for longer than a few minutes."

Heather bites her lip and crosses her legs tightly. Fiona continues, "In fact, to demonstrate, I put one of the soluble super-max pills in her coffee." The host's eyes widen, and then her dam finally bursts; she pees out in a large torrent, with most of the piss landing on the linoleum floor of the set. Fiona waits until she's done relieving herself before continuing; before Fiona can continue, though, Heather hides her face with her hands out of embarrassment.

"As you can see, they're extremely potent." Heather peeks out from behind her hands. "Frankly, I'm impressed she didn't burst sooner." Reassured by this, the host quickly recovers from her embarrassment.

"I'm flattered," says Heather. "Now, don't you have a little more to say about the diuretics?"

"Yes, I do. They have a variant, that applies to all seven main types, that includes a powerful aphrodisiac. Finally, none of the pills have any flavor whatsoever, so there's none of that weird bitter medicine taste."

"Well, Mrs. Oceans, it was great having you. I hope you can return soon for another episode, you've been a joy to be around."

"It's been amazing being here to talk about one of my passions!"

The two stand up and shake hands, then the curtain on the stage closes. As soon as it does, Fiona pulls Heather into a tight hug, with Fiona's stiff bladder bulge pressing against Heather's large tits. "How about we have a little chat?"

Heather blushes and nods, and leads Fiona to her changing room.

"So, uh, what's on your mind, Mrs. Oceans?"

"Please, just call me Fiona. First, I got a question for you: before the show started, how long had you held your piss?"

Heather blushes profusely. "About 14 hours, why?"

Giggling, Fiona responds. "How cute! How about we have a date sometime, my treat, so I can get to know you better and so I can train your bladder some?" Heather quietly grabs her phone, her girl-crush firmly cemented by this point. They exchange numbers, and slightly awkward goodbyes, and Fiona leaves for her modeling job. A devious smile develops on her face as she considers possibilities for a date...

(also, it would be nice to know if you all like holding or peeing/wetting more; I like them both the same!)

*007*2019-01-04 22:49

Thanks for all the positive responses! I'm working on the follow-up!

{{4 hours ago, slogan66 said:

I like the concept, my preference would be for a bit more holding and desperation before losing control - but that's just me !

}}

The follow-up will be slower on this, don't worry! It'll probably be spread across two parts, too, but I'll see how it plays out.

*011*2019-01-21 20:04

Sorry about the lack of updates! Writing has slowed down for me because the college semester started, but I am still working on the follow-up!

*013*2019-03-16 18:00

Part 2 is coming pretty soon!

Also, I'd like to edit the OP (to account for it no longer being a single story) but I can't seem to find the edit button...

*015*2019-03-16 21:22

{{1 minute ago, Sake said:

You can't edit after 24 hours, for reasons.

Blogs can't be edited after 24 hours either, just in case you wanted to try that to get around it.

}}

Unfortunate.

I can work with this, though. I was just hoping

