Snape/Student Omo

Author: WolfieO

*000*2025-03-10 17:23

Because, clearly, that's all I'm into.

The Alchemist’s Apprentice

The dungeons were silent, save for the faint bubbling of a cauldron and the scratch of quills against parchment. The torches burned low, their flickering light casting elongated shadows against the stone walls. It was well past curfew, but Faye had never been one for rules when it came to learning.

She stood at Professor Snape’s side, her long black hair tinged with purple under the dim glow, tied back in a loose knot to keep it from falling into the ingredients before her. A vial of belladonna essence gleamed in her pale fingers, waiting for his instruction.

“Five drops. No more, no less,” Snape murmured, his voice low and measured. He watched as she tilted the vial, the liquid slipping from the glass with practiced precision. The moment the fifth drop fell, the potion darkened to the exact shade of garnet he had expected.

Faye stepped back, eyes sharp and observant. “It thickened faster than the last batch,” she noted quietly.

Snape glanced at her, a rare flicker of approval in his dark eyes. “Because you crushed the moonstone finer this time,” he said. “A proper Potions Master accounts for even the smallest changes in technique.”

Faye nodded, storing the information away. She didn’t speak unless necessary, and he preferred it that way. Unlike her insufferable peers, she did not waste his time with mindless chatter or empty flattery.

Snape turned toward the desk where stacks of ungraded essays lay in messy piles. “If you’re to master this craft, you must also learn the less… glamorous aspects.” He gestured toward the papers. “You will assist me in grading.”

She blinked, then stepped forward without hesitation. “How do you want them marked?”

He smirked slightly, the closest thing to amusement he ever allowed himself. “If it’s idiotic, make it bleed.” He handed her a red quill.

She took it, settling in beside him, and they worked in silence. She graded with ruthless efficiency, her sharp mind cutting through the nonsense like a blade.

Minutes turned to hours, and at some point, Snape found himself glancing at her again. Most students crumbled under his scrutiny. But Faye—Faye met his gaze, steady and unafraid. She was rare. Sharp. Capable.

“Professor,” she said after a long pause, “why did you choose Potions?”

Snape’s quill stopped mid-word. He had not expected the question. He considered telling her to mind her own business—but she had earned better than that.

“Because,” he said finally, his voice quieter than before, “potions are exact. They do not lie, nor do they disappoint.” He glanced at the cauldron still simmering behind them. “With the right knowledge, one can create anything. Control anything.”

Faye absorbed his words, her fingers tapping lightly against the desk. “I want that,” she murmured. “To understand it all.”

Snape studied her for a long moment before inclining his head. “Then you will.”

The torches flickered. The dungeon was silent once more. But in that moment, beneath the dim glow of candlelight and the scent of crushed herbs, an unspoken agreement settled between them.

He would teach her everything.

The rhythmic scratching of quills filled the dimly lit dungeon as Professor Snape and Faye worked through the ever-growing pile of essays. The torches burned lower, casting shadows that danced along the damp stone walls. Faye sat with perfect posture, her quill moving with sharp precision as she sliced through a particularly abysmal first-year attempt at identifying the properties of powdered asphodel.

But beneath the cool façade of concentration, something else gnawed at her.

She had felt the initial discomfort nearly an hour ago, a dull pressure she had easily pushed aside. It was nothing—manageable, forgettable. There were more important things at hand. She refused to be weak, refused to interrupt her work for something so trivial.

Except now, it was no longer trivial.

A sharp pang struck her abdomen, and she stiffened, shifting ever so slightly in her seat. Snape, immersed in his own grading, did not appear to notice. Good. If she could just wait a little longer—just finish this essay—then she could excuse herself without incident.

Her fingers tightened around the quill. The discomfort swelled into something urgent, and a small flicker of panic bloomed in her chest.

Not yet.

She pressed her legs together, forcing herself to focus on the parchment before her. Just a few more minutes. Just—

A sharp warmth spread beneath her.

Faye’s quill stopped mid-word.

No. No, no, no—

Her breath hitched as realization struck. It was happening. Right there, right next to him.

Panic locked her in place, her heart thudding against her ribs. She felt the warmth seep through the fabric of her skirt, pooling beneath her despite every desperate effort to stop it.

She had miscalculated.

A quiet drop of liquid hit the stone floor. The sound might as well have been a thunderclap in the still room.

Snape’s quill stilled.

Faye couldn’t breathe. She couldn’t move.

She was mortified. Frozen in place, she waited for it—the sharp, scathing remark. The anger. The disgust.

But none came.

Instead, Snape turned his head ever so slightly, his dark eyes narrowing—not in fury, but in something unfamiliar. Something she wasn’t sure how to place.

Confusion. Concern.

“…Miss Calloway?” His voice was low, measured.

She couldn’t answer. She couldn’t speak.

The warmth still spread beneath her, her worst nightmare unfolding in slow, excruciating detail. She wanted to run. To disappear.

Snape set his quill down with an unsettling quietness. His gaze flickered to the faint sheen on the stone floor beneath her chair, then back up to her rigid, stricken form.

The room felt suffocating.

Faye didn’t know what to do.

Snape opened his mouth to say something—

And then—

Faye’s breath came in shallow, uneven gasps. The heat of humiliation burned beneath her skin as tears welled in her eyes, spilling silently down her cheeks.

“I—I’m so sorry,” she whispered, her voice barely audible. Her hands trembled where they rested uselessly in her lap. She couldn’t move. Couldn’t think. A hollow sickness coiled in her stomach, and for a terrifying moment, she thought she might be sick right there in front of him.

Snape watched her carefully, his expression unreadable. He didn’t move, didn’t snap at her like she expected him to. His silence only made her chest tighten further.

“Why didn’t you go to the bathroom?” he asked finally, his voice low but firm.

Faye swallowed thickly, her face crumpling with shame. “I—I didn’t think I had to go that bad,” she admitted shakily. “I thought I could wait.” A tear dripped onto the parchment before her, smearing the ink. She quickly rubbed at her eyes with the back of her sleeve, but it was no use. “This—this isn’t typical. I don’t—” She sucked in a breath, shaking her head. “I don’t know why this happened.”

She *never* let things get out of control. She was careful, disciplined. And yet, here she was, sitting in her own failure, waiting for the inevitable sharp words she deserved.

But they never came.

Snape exhaled slowly, leaning back in his chair. “I see.” His tone was measured, his gaze steady—not angry, not disgusted. Just… assessing.

Faye clenched her fists, her whole body trembling. “Professor, I—”

“Enough.” His voice, though quiet, cut through her panic. Her mouth snapped shut.

Snape steepled his fingers, regarding her intently. “You are distressed,” he observed. “Understandably so.” His dark eyes flicked downward for the briefest moment before returning to her tear-streaked face. “But I assure you, Miss Calloway, this is *not* the catastrophe you believe it to be.”

Faye hiccuped softly, barely able to meet his gaze. “I made a mess. *In your classroom.*” Her voice cracked on the last word.

Snape sighed. “And?”

Faye blinked. Her stomach churned. “And—” Her lip wobbled. “That’s *disgusting.*”

Snape arched an eyebrow. “It is *unfortunate,* certainly. But hardly the end of the world.”

Faye gaped at him, fresh mortification flooding her veins. How could he be *this* calm? *Why* was he being this calm?

“I will not tolerate unnecessary dramatics,” he said, cutting through the spiral of thoughts she was tumbling into. “Nor will I allow you to sit here drowning in misplaced shame.” His voice softened—just slightly. “You are not the first student to miscalculate their needs, and I sincerely doubt you will be the last.”

Faye swallowed, gripping the fabric of her skirt with white-knuckled fingers. “But—”

“You are not *in trouble,* Miss Calloway.” His voice held an edge of finality, as if daring her to argue further.

She *wanted* to argue. She wanted to tell him he should be furious, should be disappointed in her for allowing something so careless to happen. But the weight of his words settled heavily in her chest, a quiet assurance that *he did not see her as lesser because of this.*

Her lower lip trembled. She still felt *horrible.* Still felt like she wanted to disappear—but there was something grounding in the way he looked at her, in the way his voice remained steady and controlled.

Her fingers twitched against the damp fabric of her skirt. “I… don’t know what to do,” she admitted, her voice barely above a whisper.

Snape studied her for a moment, then gave a slow nod. “Then allow me to assist you.”

Faye’s breath hitched. “I—”

A pause.

Then, softly—“Okay.”

Snape rose from his chair in one fluid motion, the rustle of his robes breaking the tense silence. Faye couldn’t bring herself to look at him, her gaze locked on the ruined parchment in front of her, the ink blurred where her tears had fallen. Her stomach twisted painfully.

She felt so *small.*

She expected him to snap at her to *stand up, clean up, and stop wasting his time.* But instead, he remained quiet for a moment, as if choosing his next words with careful precision.

Then—

“Miss Calloway.”

Faye flinched at the sound of her name, barely suppressing a shudder. She was still trembling, her hands curled into tight fists against her damp lap. She wanted to *move,* to *fix this,* but she couldn’t.

She *couldn’t.*

Snape sighed through his nose. “You must stand,” he instructed, his tone authoritative but not unkind.

Faye hesitated, her breath catching in her throat. She *knew* she had to, but the thought of standing—of revealing the full extent of the damage, of seeing the evidence of her failure seep into the ancient stones of the dungeon—made her insides twist with fresh humiliation.

Snape seemed to recognize her hesitation. He exhaled, slower this time, and when he spoke again, his voice had softened—just slightly.

“Miss Calloway, you are not the first to have an accident, nor will you be the last,” he said evenly. “You will compose yourself, you will clean up, and this will not matter tomorrow. Understood?”

Faye swallowed hard, her throat raw from unshed tears. “I—I—” Her voice wavered, and she bit her lip furiously.

Snape did not sigh this time. He did not scowl or sneer. Instead, he spoke with the same measured authority that had guided her through countless lessons.

“Stand.”

Faye inhaled sharply. The command settled something inside her, cutting through the overwhelming panic just enough to make her move.

With a shaky breath, she braced her hands on the desk and slowly—*slowly*—pushed herself up.

The wet fabric clung to her legs. A mortified whimper caught in her throat, and fresh tears spilled over, but she didn’t let herself collapse under them. She refused.

Her vision blurred as she kept her eyes firmly on the desk, too ashamed to glance at the floor, too horrified to look at *him.*

Snape, however, remained unfazed. He gave a brief nod, as if this was nothing more than another lesson to be handled with discipline and precision.

“You will go to your dormitory,” he instructed. “You will clean yourself up, and you will rest.”

Faye bit the inside of her cheek, trying to steady herself. “But—the mess—”

“I will handle it,” Snape said simply.

Her breath caught. *What?*

Her head snapped up, her teary eyes wide with disbelief. “Professor, I—I can’t ask you to—”

“You are not *asking* me to do anything,” he interrupted, his tone clipped but not cruel. “I am telling you that you have wasted enough energy punishing yourself over this.” His gaze darkened. “Do not argue.”

Faye swallowed thickly, her chest tightening at the sheer finality in his voice.

This—this *wasn’t* how she expected this night to go. She had expected fury, disgust—maybe even worse, *disappointment.* But instead, Snape was treating this as though it were simply another misstep, another mistake to correct and move past.

Her vision swam again, but this time, the tears weren’t just from shame.

She wasn’t sure what to say. How to *thank him.* How to even *breathe* in the presence of his unexpected mercy.

Snape tilted his head slightly, studying her reaction. His expression remained unreadable, but there was something unreadably *firm* in the way he looked at her, as if he was willing her to believe him.

“Go,” he instructed one last time.

Faye hesitated—only for a second—then gave the barest of nods.

And then, with legs that still trembled beneath her, she turned and left.

*001*2025-03-13 20:20

The next day, Faye sat stiffly in her usual seat at the front of the Potions classroom, her hands folded tightly in her lap. Her quill lay untouched beside her parchment, the ink dried on the tip.

She *couldn’t* look at him.

Professor Snape moved through the room as he always did—his robes billowing, his sharp gaze cutting through the students like a blade. He carried himself with the same precise, controlled authority he always had. As if nothing had happened.

But *she* remembered.

Every time she shifted in her seat, her mind dragged her back to the moment she had frozen in place, mortified and trembling, with him sitting mere inches away.

She barely heard the instructions he gave the class, her ears ringing with shame. Her fingers curled into her robes, squeezing the fabric in a desperate attempt to ground herself.

Why was she *still* so shaken? He hadn’t yelled at her. Hadn’t mocked her. Hadn’t done *anything* to humiliate her further. If anything, he had been… understanding. Firm, but gentle.

And yet, she felt as though the weight of the previous night still clung to her like a second skin.

Snape’s voice cut through her spiraling thoughts.

“Miss Calloway.”

Her breath caught in her throat.

Slowly, hesitantly, she lifted her head—only to find that he was already looking at her. His expression was unreadable, but his dark eyes flickered with something she couldn’t quite place.

She dropped her gaze immediately, heat rushing to her face.

A beat of silence. Then—

“See me after class.”

Her stomach twisted painfully.

She heard a few students shift uncomfortably at the way his voice seemed to drop into something *dangerously serious.* Others shot her curious glances, undoubtedly wondering what she had done to earn a private audience with *him.*

Faye nodded stiffly, her voice refusing to work.

Snape didn’t say anything else. He simply turned and continued his lesson, as if her entire world hadn’t just crumbled beneath her.

She spent the rest of the class with her eyes glued to her parchment, her hands clenched so tightly her knuckles turned white.

She didn’t want to face him. Didn’t want to relive the shame.

But as the classroom emptied at the end of the lesson, and she remained seated, watching the door close behind the last lingering student, she knew she had no choice.

She was alone with him now.

And he was waiting.

Faye swallowed hard, her pulse pounding as she stared at the desk in front of her. The classroom was silent now, save for the faint crackle of torches along the dungeon walls.

She *did not* want to do this.

Snape hadn’t spoken yet. He was standing at his desk, watching her—she could *feel* his gaze, steady and unreadable.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, he broke the silence.

“Miss Calloway.”

She flinched.

Snape sighed through his nose. “Look at me.”

Faye squeezed her eyes shut for half a second before forcing herself to comply. Slowly, reluctantly, she lifted her gaze to meet his.

His expression was unreadable, as always. But beneath the stern exterior, there was no anger. No disgust. Just that same sharp, assessing look he always had when studying something carefully.

“Are you unwell?” he asked, his voice quieter than she expected.

Faye blinked, startled. Of all the things she had prepared herself for—lectures, scolding, maybe even the *slightest* hint of disappointment—she had not been prepared for *that.*

She hesitated. “I—I don’t think so,” she said honestly, though her voice wavered. “I don’t know why it happened. It’s never happened before.”

Snape gave a slow, deliberate nod. “Yet it did.”

Shame burned in her chest, and she dropped her gaze again. “I know.”

Another pause. Then—

“You are not to punish yourself over this.”

Her head snapped up, eyes wide. “I—I’m *not—*”

Snape arched a single brow, clearly unimpressed. “You’ve barely spoken a word all class. You refuse to meet my eyes. And you sit there as if waiting for me to deliver some great condemnation.” His tone turned slightly dry. “If this is not punishment, I would hate to see what is.”

Faye’s face burned. She clenched her fists in her lap, her breath unsteady. “I just…” She shook her head. “I don’t *know* how to act like nothing happened.”

Snape exhaled, leaning back against his desk. “Then allow me to make it very simple for you.” He folded his arms, his dark gaze locking onto hers. “You will move on.”

Faye bit her lip, looking away. “I *embarrassed* myself.”

Snape tilted his head slightly. “Perhaps. But you did not embarrass *me.* Nor did you cause irreparable damage to anything aside from your own sense of dignity.”

Her throat tightened. She didn’t know what to say to that.

Snape studied her for a moment longer, then added, “You are my top student, Miss Calloway. I expect excellence from you. Not perfection.”

Faye’s breath hitched.

She had spent *so long* convincing herself that mistakes—any mistakes—meant failure. That one slip, one moment of weakness, would shatter the respect she had worked so hard to earn.

And yet, here was *Snape.* The professor who took *nothing* less than absolute competence from his students. The man she had feared disappointing more than anyone—telling her that one mistake did not define her.

Her chest ached with something unfamiliar, something she didn’t know how to name.

She inhaled slowly. “I… understand,” she said, her voice quieter now.

Snape studied her for a long moment before giving a short nod. “Good.”

Silence stretched between them, not nearly as heavy as before.

Then, with a slight tilt of his head, Snape gestured toward the pile of essays on his desk. “If you are quite done wallowing, I assume your grading skills have not deteriorated overnight.”

Faye blinked, startled—then, before she could stop herself, a small, shaky breath of laughter escaped her.

Snape did not smirk, nor did his expression soften. But something in his posture eased, just slightly.

She swallowed down the last remnants of her lingering shame, then pushed herself to her feet. With a deep breath, she stepped forward and picked up a quill.

And for the first time that day, she finally met his eyes without fear.

The next few weeks passed in relative normalcy—at least, as normal as things could be after *that night.* Faye still carried a quiet shame, but true to Snape’s word, he never once brought it up again. He remained as exacting and demanding as ever, never treating her as anything less than the student he expected excellence from.

And so, she forced herself to move forward.

She continued helping him late into the evenings, grading, brewing, and preparing ingredients. If Snape had truly lost any respect for her, he certainly didn’t show it. And for that, she was grateful.

But that didn’t stop her from being *hyperaware* of herself. Of her body.

She paid attention now—too much attention—to any small discomfort, any twinge of urgency. The *last* thing she wanted was to repeat her mistake.

Which was why she *did not understand* how she had miscalculated *again.*

She had been standing in the corner of the dungeon, carefully sorting a collection of crushed lacewing flies into labeled vials, her focus sharp and meticulous. She had felt a mild need earlier, but she had pushed it aside—just as she always did—thinking she had time.

She did *not* have time.

A sudden, horrifying warmth surged between her legs.

Faye’s entire body locked up. *No. No, no, no—*

The realization sent a shockwave of panic through her, and before she could stop herself, her fingers twitched—just enough to slip.

The glass vial in her hand tumbled from her grip.

It shattered against the stone floor with a deafening *crash.*

For half a second, silence rang through the room.

Then—

“Miss Calloway?”

Faye gasped, her breath ragged as she felt the horrifying sensation of *losing control* all over again. She barely heard Snape’s approaching footsteps over the blood rushing in her ears.

No. Not again. Not in front of him.

But it was already happening.

By the time Snape reached her, it was too late.

She stood frozen, trembling, as warmth spread down her legs in humiliating waves. The wetness seeped into her socks, pooling on the dungeon floor between the shattered glass.

And then—her throat tightened. Her vision blurred. Her breath stuttered.

Tears spilled down her cheeks.

Snape had stopped just in front of her. His sharp eyes darted from the broken vial to the growing wetness beneath her, taking in the entire situation within seconds.

Faye saw the exact moment he understood what had happened.

His expression shifted—not in anger, not in disgust, but in something *else.*

Something like realization.

“Faye.”

He had never said her first name before.

Her chest heaved with quiet, shaky sobs, her entire body *humiliated* beyond comprehension. She couldn’t speak. She couldn’t *move.*

She had failed again.

And Snape—Severus Snape—was watching every second of it.

The cool, damp air of the dungeon hung heavy around Faye as she stood frozen, her hand still hovering near the vial she had just dropped. The loud crash of glass shattering against the stone floor echoed in the otherwise silent room, but it was the warmth between her legs that seized her attention.

She felt it—the unmistakable rush of wetness, spreading quickly before she could stop it. The panic surged in her chest, tight and unforgiving. The same sense of helplessness overwhelmed her once more.

And then she heard his voice, cutting through the haze of her embarrassment.

“Miss Calloway?”

Faye’s heart raced. She wanted to disappear.

Severus Snape stood a few paces away, his dark eyes trained on her, taking in the growing wetness beneath her, the shattered vial on the floor. His sharp gaze flicked from the mess to her, and she could see the slight narrowing of his eyes as he processed the situation.

“Are you unwell?” he asked, his voice as calm as ever, but with a slight edge—one that spoke of confusion and concern.

Faye’s breath hitched as she tried to compose herself, to steady the frantic thoughts that flooded her mind. “I… I’m not sure,” she whispered, her voice trembling. “It’s just—” Her throat constricted. She couldn’t find the words to explain what had happened.

Snape’s gaze softened slightly, though it still held that sharp, assessing quality. He took a step forward, his eyes never leaving her. “This is the second time I’ve witnessed this, Miss Calloway. Why is this happening?”

Faye’s cheeks burned with shame, and her chest ached. She didn’t know how to answer him. She could feel the dampness still lingering, seeping into her socks and dripping onto the cold stone beneath her. She swallowed hard, trying to find the strength to speak.

“I… I don’t know why,” she managed, her voice barely above a whisper. “It doesn’t feel that urgent. I don’t feel it the way I should.”

Snape’s expression shifted just slightly, though it remained unreadable. “Does it not feel as though you need to go?”

Faye bit her lip, her eyes downcast as the tears threatened to spill. “I… I thought I could wait. It doesn’t feel that bad. It’s like it sneaks up on me.” She wiped at her eyes in frustration, the hot sting of tears making her vision blurry. “I’m so sorry. I don’t—I don’t know what’s wrong with me.”

Snape studied her for a long, tense moment. Then, his voice, while still authoritative, softened—just a little. “There’s nothing to apologize for, Faye. But we need to address this.”

Faye felt her heart pound painfully in her chest as his words sank in. She didn’t understand. She didn’t know why this kept happening. And as much as Snape had shown understanding before, this was different. This wasn’t just a one-time mistake—this was becoming something far more concerning.

“You are not well,” Snape said after a moment, his tone firm but not unkind. “You are not in danger, but this behavior is concerning.” He paused. “Would you like me to walk you to the infirmary?”

Faye’s breath caught in her throat. The thought of Madame Pomfrey seeing her like this, seeing her unable to even control something as simple as that, made her stomach twist in horror. But Snape’s offer—it was unexpected. His calm, practical tone made it clear he wasn’t angry. He was… concerned for her.

She opened her mouth to protest, but her words faltered. “I—I don’t know what’s wrong with me,” she repeated, the weight of her frustration and shame breaking through her voice. “It’s like it just happens without warning. And I—I can’t stop it in time.” Her eyes welled up again, and she quickly wiped her tears away, feeling utterly powerless.

Snape’s eyes softened, just a touch, as he approached her. He said nothing for a long moment, but there was something in his gaze—something that conveyed more than words ever could.

“Faye,” he said, his voice quieter, almost gentle. “This is not your fault.”

She inhaled shakily, the sting of shame still clinging to her like a weight. “I’m so sorry,” she whispered again, though the words felt hollow.

Snape didn’t respond immediately. Instead, he surveyed the situation, the broken vial on the floor, the mess she was in, the still-trembling student before him. Then, with a small but firm nod, he spoke again.

“I will walk you to the infirmary, where Madame Pomfrey will be able to help you. But for now, you need to stop blaming yourself.”

Faye’s heart fluttered uncertainly. She wasn’t sure if she could stop blaming herself. How could she, when every mistake felt like a failure? But in the calm certainty of Snape’s words, there was something that grounded her.

After a long pause, Faye finally nodded, her movements slow and hesitant. She felt utterly exposed, but something about Snape’s quiet insistence gave her the tiniest shred of courage to take the next step.

Snape turned and gestured toward the door. “Come along,” he said, his voice still firm but carrying the weight of an unspoken understanding.

Faye wiped her face, still shaken but willing to follow him. The weight of her shame was heavy, but at least, for the moment, she wasn’t facing it alone.

As Faye walked beside Snape, each step felt heavier than the last. Her body trembled, her hands clasped tightly together as though to hold herself together. Her feet, though she tried to walk steadily, felt like they were dragging. Her mind raced, the shame still burning within her, but she couldn’t shake the feeling that, with every step, she had somehow regressed—like a small child, too afraid and uncertain to take care of herself.

It was strange. This wasn’t the confident, composed Faye who had earned top marks in every potion she brewed or paper she wrote. This was a version of herself she didn’t recognize—vulnerable, unsure, and embarrassed beyond measure. She was terrified to be walking alongside Snape like this, as if he could see through every layer of her carefully maintained composure.

And yet, there he was, walking with her—silent, calm, and still as sharp as ever. His presence was so different from the other teachers, so different from anyone she had known. He wasn’t coddling her. He wasn’t treating her as fragile. Instead, he was simply… there. Steady. Almost protective, in his own way.

But still, the fear clawed at her.

As they reached the door of the infirmary, Faye’s stomach turned in on itself, and she slowed, her feet dragging even more.

“I’m scared,” she whispered, the words slipping out before she could stop them. The fear that had been coiling in her chest suddenly made its way to her throat, and her voice cracked with it. “I—I don’t know what to do.”

She looked up at Snape, but it was like she couldn’t meet his eyes for more than a split second. The terror was too much, and her chest felt tight with it. How could she go in there? How could she stand in front of Madame Pomfrey and admit that she’d been having accidents? That something was wrong with her? That she couldn’t even trust her own body?

Snape stopped walking at the door, and Faye halted beside him, her breath shallow and unsteady.

“Do not be afraid,” Snape said firmly, his voice authoritative but still laced with something almost reassuring. “There is no need for fear.”

Faye’s lip trembled as her gaze fell to the ground. She wanted to believe him, but the weight of her own shame, the humiliation of the entire situation, was suffocating. She felt so small, so insignificant next to him, like a child trying to hide a mistake she couldn’t fix.

“I’m sorry,” she whispered again, her voice barely audible as she felt the tears threatening to spill once more. “I don’t know why this keeps happening.”

Snape didn’t respond right away, and Faye couldn’t bring herself to look up at him. She could hear the quiet click of his boots against the stone, but he made no move to open the door. Instead, he seemed to be waiting for her.

“I’m not angry with you, Faye,” he said after a moment, his tone gentle but still firm. “You’ve done nothing wrong. There is no need to apologize.”

His words felt like a balm, but they didn’t quite reach the sharp edges of her fear. She couldn’t shake the feeling that she was still failing him in some way, still disappointing him by not being able to *control* something as simple as this.

Her head lowered, her hands still shaking as she tried to keep it together. “I just... I feel like I’m failing, Professor. Like I’m... broken or something.”

Snape’s eyes softened just slightly, though he didn’t move closer. “You are not broken. *No one* is perfect. Not even me.” His words were steady, authoritative, but there was a trace of something softer in them, something she hadn’t expected. “You are not failing anyone.”

Faye couldn’t hold it in anymore. The tears welled up again, and before she could stop them, they began to spill down her cheeks.

“I’m so sorry,” she said again, her voice hitching. She had never felt so small, so utterly incapable. The weight of it crushed her.

Snape gave a slight exhale, then reached forward, his hand coming to rest briefly on her shoulder. His touch was firm but not harsh, grounding her in a way she hadn’t expected.

“You are not weak, Faye,” he said quietly, his voice low.

She couldn’t speak anymore, the lump in her throat too thick to manage a reply.

He gave her shoulder a small, reassuring squeeze before opening the door to the infirmary with a swift motion.

“Now,” Snape said, his voice slipping back into its usual authoritative tone. “We will enter together. You will not face this alone.”

Faye nodded, though the movement was shaky, and allowed Snape to guide her into the infirmary, her steps slow but steady behind him.

