Annie and Jenny's Saturday Morning

Author: Wet19

*000*2017-04-13 16:01

Here's a quick background for those of you who are not familiar with my characters. Skip to the next paragraph if you are. Jenny and Annie are sisters sharing an apartment and attending the same college. Jenny is older than Annie by two years. Jenny has a major pee fetish and pees her pants almost on a daily basis. She also poops her pants, though only two or three times per month as she doesn't like the cleanup. Jenny is very shy and does not like to indulge her fetishes in public, although she has summed up the courage to try it twice (See my previous story called "Jenny at work"). Annie does not have a pee or poop fetish but does find a small degree of amusement in her sister's commitment to peeing herself. Annie is not bothered by Jenny wetting so long as Jenny cleans up after herself, does not ruin the furniture, and does not do it when people are over. When they were teenagers, Jenny convinced Annie to pee her pants once and Annie didn't like it.

Annie opened her eyes and stretched. It was a nice warm Saturday morning. She looked at her phone. Even though she hadn't set an alarm, she was awake early enough to still get breakfast at their favorite local diner. She slid her athletic jogger's legs out from under the cover, put her feet on the floor and stood up from her bed. She yawned and stretched again, and then bent over to pull the covers back into place to make the bed. Annie had on only a pair of cute pink bikini style panties and a blue tank top. She walked across the hall to Jenny's room and found her still asleep on her side in the center of her queen size bed.

As the morning light faintly seeped through the curtains, Jenny had transitioned into only a light sleep. Annie gently sat down on the edge of the bed. Jenny felt it and opened her eyes. She saw a toned thigh, then slowly turned her head and raised her vision up Annie's body. She noticed how Annie's perky nipples made slight bumps on the front of her tank top (Although her boobs were a size bigger than Annie's, she had always thought that Annie's looked better), then her vision finally settled on Annie's face. Jenny rolled from her side to her back and stretched as Annie greeted her "Good morning sunshine!" Jenny yawned then replied "Good morning sis!" Annie smiled and asked "Wanna get french toast?" Jenny smiled but was silent.

Then Annie heard the familiar hiss from under the covers as Jenny began to wet her bed. Once the flow was started, she answered "Of course I do!" Annie got excited and said "Sweet! We need to go shopping after too. We're almost out of milk." The hissing continued as Jenny said "Ok!" She was trying to stay engaged in the conversation with Annie, but was distracted by her enjoyment of the spreading warm wetness under the covers. Annie could tell and said "I'll let you finish."

Then she stood up and walked back to her room to get dressed. Annie took off her tank top and looked at her mostly naked body in the full length mirror as she tossed it in the hamper. She wanted to get a tattoo but couldn't make up her mind on what or where. After imagining various tattoos in various locations on her body, she picked a bra, a t-shirt, and a pair of jeans from her closet and put them on. She walked down the hall past Jenny's room to the bathroom to do her hair and makeup. As she did, she glanced into Jenny's room. Jenny had her eyes closed and was masturbating under the covers.

Annie smiled. Jenny peeing her pants had no sexual connotation to Annie, but she was happy that Jenny got so much pleasure from it. Annie got out her makeup and hair stuff from under the sink and then looked at herself in the mirror for a few seconds. She sighed, unbuttoned and unzipped her pants and just as she went to slip a hand into her pants she heard Jenny orgasm. She paused and look out the bathroom door into the hallway, then she fastened her pants back up and commenced doing her hair and makeup.

Shortly after, Jenny came down the hallway carrying her wet sheet and wet mattress protector. She had a very large wet spot that extended from the knees of her gray yoga pants up to the middle of the back of her blue t-shirt. Her long brunette hair covered the top inch or two of the wetness. She was still soaked and the wetness was slowly creeping further down her legs as she walked to the washing machine in the located in the small room off the kitchen that also housed the water heater and furnace. Annie heard the washing machine start, then saw Jenny walk back to her room butt naked.

Once both girls were ready, they got into Jenny's car and went to their favorite diner a few blocks away. They each ordered the chunky french toast, their favorite. After, they went to the store for some light grocery shopping. As they walked around, Annie caught Jenny checking out one of the girls stocking shelves. Annie was into guys, but she had to admit that this girl's butt looked mighty fine in her black work pants. Annie tried to encourage Jenny to go talk to her, but Jenny was too shy. Annie joked "Well if you don't then I will!" with a wink. Jenny stuck out her tongue and then replied "You like guys!" Annie laughed and said "She doesn't know that!"

Later, while they were loading groceries into the trunk of Jenny's car, Annie saw Jenny swaying slightly and clenching her legs together. She knew it well: Jenny had to pee. Annie said nothing about it. She knew Jenny wouldn't wet herself here, they come to this store frequently and she wouldn't want the embarrassment. Annie didn't want it either. Annie closed the trunk and Jenny took the empty cart to the corral. As Jenny was walking back, they heard "Annie, Jenny!" from across the aisle.

Their cousin Megan with her daughter Katy was walking toward them. Megan was their favorite cousin, and the only one who lived in the same city (In fact she was only a few blocks away from Annie and Jenny's apartment). They would often babysit Katy for her when she had dates or had to work extra hours. They talked with Megan and Katy for several minutes. Jenny tried not to squirm as she started to become desperate to pee. Finally the conversation was over and they both hugged Megan and Katy, then got into Jenny's car. Jenny held herself with one hand as she drove home. Annie was amused and knew Jenny was planning to wet herself at home.

Annie and Jenny both picked up several bags from the trunk and walked toward the stairs. Annie could tell that Jenny was struggling to keep control. Annie purposely walked slowly up the stairs with Jenny behind her and then purposely was slow getting out her keys. She "accidentally" dropped her keys on the ground. Jenny was dancing back and forth now and urged "Hurry up!" Annie noticed a small wet spot in the crotch of Jenny's jeans as she picked up her keys. She turned the key in the lock, then turned the door knob, and as she pushed the door open she heard loud hissing coming from beside her and Jenny pushed past Annie. Annie watched as Jenny stood in the center of the living room with glistening wetness rapidly spreading down both of her legs while loud hissing emanated from her crotch.

Jenny, still holding grocery bags in both hands, looked up at the ceiling a sighed in relief. Annie set her bags down on the counter in the kitchen and then headed out to get the rest from the trunk. She could still hear the hissing as she stepped out the door. She grabbed the last of the bags, closed the trunk, and headed up the stairs. She opened the door and found a large puddle in the center of the living room. Luckily, their apartment had linoleum floors in every room. They had specifically looked for an apartment with little or no carpet just for Jenny. Jenny was in the kitchen putting the groceries away, still wearing her pee soaked jeans, socks and shoes. Her shoes squeaked slightly with each step she took. Once the groceries were put away, Jenny went to the laundry room to grab a towel to clean up her puddle.

Jenny had purchased yellow towels specifically for pee so that Annie wouldn't have to worry about the shower towels being used for that. They kept them in the laundry room and said that they were "cleaning" towels if anyone asked. Just as Jenny emerged from the laundry room, the apartment door opened. Annie immediately realized she had forgotten to lock it after she brought in the last of the groceries. Katy walked through the door and said "Hey! Whats up?" Megan came in behind her saying "Katy, you have to knock, you can't just walk into people's houses!" to which Katy quickly retorted "Mom, they're family, they don't care!" Katy then looked at Jenny and said "Uh oh, someone had an accident!" Katy was 8 years old.

She was a good kid, did well in school, and listened to her mom. However, she was also spunky and very outgoing. Both Annie's and Jenny's faces went bright red. Annie attempted to save face for Jenny: "It was my fault, I couldn't get the door unlocked fast enough." Katy sat on the couch and asked "How often do you pee your pants?" Megan quickly interrupted "Katy! Sorry, we didn't mean to embarrass you, we just wanted to stop by for a surprise visit."

Jenny found the courage to speak and said "It was sure a surprise" as she unfolded the towel she was holding and spread it over the puddle. Everyone chuckled and the three girls with dry pants all sat on the couch while Jenny continued to clean up her mess. Now that the embarrassment was gone, Jenny was mildly annoyed. She didn't want to change into dry pants, but it would be strange to Megan and Katy if she didn't. Once the puddle was cleaned up, she went to her room and put the towel in her hamper. She changed into dry clothes and joined the others in the living room.

