First Piss together

Author: Wet-Robert

*000*2024-03-13 20:55

This is my first story, so please be nice. I tried to write in a style as if I had this experience which I sadly didn't.

"Oh my God, how far to we have to go?" she asked.

"To the motorway? About 10 Kilometres, to the next rest area? I hope there is one close after entering the motorway" I replied, while holding my self together.

But maybe, let's go back a few steps and let me Tell you how we ended in this situation.

I, John, moved to a different city for work after a few weeks I noticed that a school fried of mine, Cassandra, was living in the same city for her university degree.

We started writing again after barley seeing us in the last 5 years, since school. We decided to meet up, to hike a bit outside the city and catch up.

We had to drive about an hour, but time flew as we were talking about the good old times.

We hike through the beautiful valley and up to the castle, in the end we made a little photoshoot and she posed for me and my camera just perfectly.

Both us had a bottle of water since it was quite a warm day, but didn't drown the bottles nor did we get any twinge in our bladders.

Once we reached my car again, the bottles were empty since half an hour and we started to drink more, not thinking about the consequences.

The way back also felt quite short and was a lot of fun, but I started to feel how the water was catching up with me but not to bad.

But of course it had to happen, congestion on the motorway, first we saw the red lights, than we slowed down untill FULL-STOP, nothing was moving anymore.

I turned of my motor for several minutes we continued to chat and as I made a funny comment, started to laugh. While catching her breath she said "Stop, I'm going to piss myself"

Did she mean it for real? I couldn't think about it, the traffic started to roll. We got directed down the motorway onto a bigger Country road.

This was a problem, my bladder got fuller and fuller by the minute, it was maybe at a 7/10.

15 KM, multiple red lights and a bit of traffic later....

"I hope we don't need to long for our way back" Cassie said out of nowhere, into the now pretty silent car. Subtle but steadily our conversation came to an and because both of had to take a piss.

"Yeah I hope so too, the water I had before our trip wants to leave my body" I said, while my hand went down between my legs.

"Same over on my side, should have visited the loo before meeting you" she said this with quite a shameful voice

"Wait, when was your last piss? In the morning, that would be hours ago?!!"

"It Shure is, I also had a coffee since than and I can feel the pressure, I can't take it for very long" she had her hands infront of her pussy, trying to keep it shut.

I on the other hand, where constantly massaging my dick. May pants were still dry, but I was asking myself for how long. Concentrating on the road while keeping the flood back was no easy task.

Another red light, I looked over and saw how Cassie was also squirming around in her seat. Not being able to sit still and breathing quite heavily. I didn't want to stare, but it was way to hot, seeing her like this and seeing how her belly was a bit bulged out. This takes us the the beginning of the story...

"Oh my God, how far to we have to go?" she asked.

"To the motorway? About 10 Kilometres, to the next rest area? I hope there is one close after entering the motorway" I replied, while holding my self together.

The plan was, to enter the motorway again after our D-tour on a country-road, big enough for to lanes but to small for rest Areas. No option to pee, I mean, no option to pee without wetting the pants. But I felt like this wasn't to far away, for me the waves came ever minutes hitting the paddles was really hard. My concentration on the road got smaller and smaller, from Cassie I could only hear her moaning.

Another red light, another stop, but this time I saw the road leading to the right.

It was a Forrest areas, no other car, no people. This was the rescue for both of us, we knew it as soon as we looked in to our eyes.

I took the turn, applied the brakes and we jumped out of the car. While holding my self I took some steps around the car, but as I was opening my zipper

"no! No no no! This can't be real!"

I heard Cassie scream in a high pitch voices. I looked over to her, she was pee dancing like no tomorrow, with her hands in her crotch!

"Ahhh I'm nearly pissing myself, my zipper is stuck! HELP me"

"But but, I'm also ..."

"Please it's about to come out!"

I was also close to bursting and wetting but I went over to her. And she was right her zipper was stuck, her shirt was tugged in it. With one hand on my dick to hold back the flood I got down on my knees in front of her. I tried to pull on her zipper and on the jeans itself while she was constantly dancing around and saying stuff light "please hurry, ahh I must keep dry, I'm nearly pissing"

While she was jumping from one leg to the other it happened, my hand jammed into her poor bulging bladder.

It was to much, one last moan than she stood still and looked down. We both watched her light blue jeans getting drenched in her hot piss of the last hours. A waterfall of piss would be an understatement, it went down her legs leaving dark trails with a loud hiss. All she could do was moaning and letting her head fall back.

But there was a second full to the brim bladder, mine. Seeing her pissing, hearing the gushing pee and even feeling it, due to my hand at her zipper, I was also to much for me. Kneeling infront of her, first even with out me noticing, I started to piss myself. Once I realised what was happening, I did nothing because my pants were already wet. So together we formed a big puddle of pee in the next minutes.

