The Date

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2015-12-15 00:17

This story consists of two mirrored parts; one male focused, and one female focused. I’d suggest reading both starting with the other half at https://omorashi.org/topic/29066-the-date/

And then coming back to this story. You can read either on its own though if you only like to read stories about one gender.

I guess wetting your pants isn’t something that happens to many people.

Everyone’s been busting a few times. Had to grit their teeth and hang on till they from a bathroom. Or maybe they were even forced to go behind a bush or against a wall. And then there is my story.

Her name was Anna and she was beautiful. Long legs, perfect blonde hair, and a great laugh. It was our third date, we’d gone to a show in the city and then for a fancy dinner. Fancier than I’d usually go to. We’d both dressed up. I wore black, pants, shirt, shoes, even tie. I was going for a Johnny Cash thing. She wore a strapless black dress that showed off her body just the right amount. The date went pretty well. I liked her, a lot. I’m pretty sure she liked me. But then I made a stupid mistake and messed everything up.

I knew I needed to pee before we left the restaurant. But I didn’t really want to hold us up. I’ll admit it, I was thinking with my dick. If she’d gone to the bathroom before we left I’d probably have slipped in real quick while she went. But of course she didn’t. Women always seem to be able to hold it all day. It was only a 30 minute drive back to her place. So I decided to just hold it. Which was a really, really bad idea.

I could easily have waited 30 minutes. It wouldn’t have been a problem. But since I’m telling this story I’m sure you’ve guessed about the traffic jam. It was one of those traffic jams where you inch forward slowly every ten seconds for miles and miles. The worst kind.

I actually wouldn’t have minded being in a traffic jam with Anna if I’d had an empty bladder but with each passing minute I was getting more and more uncomfortable and feeling more and more trapped. Because I was trapped. I had absolutely no options except to grit my teeth and hold on.

After a while our conversation died down completely. I just had to pee too badly to properly respond to her. At this point all I wanted was to get out of this situation without wetting myself in front of my date.

I tried everything I could think of, I even grabbed my penis a little through my pants when I was sure Anna wasn’t looking, which didn’t help much. Eventually I settled on staring out the windscreen and trying to think of anything other than how badly I needed a pee.

It wasn’t really working. There was absolutely no way I could hold on. And then I saw salvation. An old water bottle in the footwell near Anna’s feet. It was ironic. I was quite literally on the brink of peeing myself and and water bottle could be my way out! It was going to be horribly embarrassing to have to whip it out and pee in a bottle in front of Anna but I really didn’t have a choice. I asked her to grab me the water bottle but as she bent forward to pick up the water bottle I started leaking. I knew it had to happen soon but it was still a huge surprise. I clenched all of my muscles and managed to stop peeing as she passed me the water bottle. There wasn’t any time to mess around. I apologised profusely but Anna just ignored me and looked out her window, clearly disgusted by me. And seriously, what could be more embarrassing than peeing in a bottle in front of your date?

Peeing in your pants in front of your date.

Which is what I did next. The car behind us beeped its horn at us. I hadn’t been riding the bumper of the car in front close enough for their liking. It startled me. And it startled my bladder. There was no way I could have stopped peeing. It just gushed out of me like a fire hose. I could hear it. Probably Anna could too. Or at least smell it.

I peed. I peed in my clothes. All over my car. In front of my date.

I didn’t say anything. She had to know, so what would it have achieved. She didn’t say anything either. She just looked out the window until I had driven her home. It actually wasn’t that much longer. Another 15 minutes and I’d have made it the her house dry. Maybe I’d have ended up with Anna instead of never speaking to her again.

She just mumbled a thanks for the evening and ran inside. When I got home myself I ended up having to clean two car seats. She’d never said a word. I never called her again. I don’t think she’d have answered if I did. It would have just been far too awkward.

