Monsoon (Bree & Tam #2)

Author: Weasel

*000*2021-05-02 04:17

Hey y'all. Here's the sequel, coming at you. It's immense! Which means it's got...

...cute boy-meets-girl romance!

...witty banter!

...love conquering all inconveniences!

...descriptions of camping in places I've never been!

...character growth by peripheral characters we'll never meet again, just 'CAUSE.

...oh, and some desperation. I wedged it in at the end. (Also hetero sex. If you haven't read my stories before, know that there's almost always het sex.)

Actually -- I'm actually pretty proud of the desperation in this one. But it is all the way at the end. That particular scene was the first idea I had, and I started to write it out. But then my addictions kicked in. I just can't quit character development, y'all. Plotting is a hell of a drug. And Bree and Tam emerged, holding hands, and demanded their story be told.

I will try to be on here a little more frequently, and so I'm not going to dump it all on you at once like last time. So there will be more to this, including that desperation I mentioned. But here goes:

MONSOON

###

It hit on their way back from their first overnight.

The heat had been almost unendurable. Even guzzling water, almost nobody took pee breaks: they were sweating too much. But the clouds had formed up in the distance, moving closer as the afternoon wore on. And just as they got into sight of the vans, the skies opened up.

“How is it raining?” Little Lyn demanded, between the squeals. They weren’t getting drenched anymore—that had happened instantly. Now they were just standing in the rain totally soaked. The rain was pouring off of them because it had nothing else to sink into.

“It’s New Mexico in the summer!” Tam declared. He stretched out his arms and flung back his head. When he looked up, he met Bree’s eyes. And Bree fell in love with him all over again. From the huge grin he got, the feeling was pretty mutual.

And, well, she was getting a pretty good look at him. His shirt was plastered to his skin. He might as well not be wearing it…

She was suddenly conscious that he was gazing at her just as intently, and that her shirt was plastered on pretty well too. Her sports bra had to be showing, traced out perfectly under the wet shirt. She wanted to cover up, but how? Anything she did would just draw attention to her.

And then again, why? Let him look.

He threw her an air high-five, and she returned it. And felt her knees getting a little weak. Which was awkward, since they still had a few hundred yards to go.

Bree, of course, was the van driver. Sitting down in her wet clothes felt disgusting at first, but she couldn’t take anything off. If she’d been alone, maybe she would have stripped off her shirt. And if she’d been alone with Tam she might have taken off more than just that. But as it was, she had to remain decently clad.

Driving through pouring rain on unfamiliar roads in a van that had a real high roll hazard was not Bree’s idea of fun. She was sweating as she inched along—from nerves, this time. But luckily, before they were even halfway back to camp, the downpour had stopped and the sun was coming out again.

“This weather is nuts!” Fiona said.

“Actually this is normal,” Tam said. “I don’t understand why, but summer is actually the rainy season around here. It’s actually nice—feel how cool the air is!” And this was true. The baking heat of the day had been broken by the rain, and it was incredibly nice.

“Usually the cloudburst only lasts half an hour or so,” Tam added. “Still, this is why we had you bring rain gear.”

But when they returned to camp the first order of business was to head back to the cabins and change clothes.

It hit as Bree was removing her sodden sports bra from under her even-more-sodden shirt. The girls were getting so comfortable with each other that they were just changing openly, but Bree never felt comfortable getting down to bare boobs with them. So she was half-in and half out of her clothing when Sandy blurted out, “Do you like Tam?”

Bree took refuge in literalism. “Of course I do,” she said. “He’s a great team leader, and he’s teaching me a lot about being a counselor.”

“No, I mean like-like!”

Literalism having failed, Bree tried humorous deflection. “Oh, well, if we’re talking like-like…!”

But Sandy was tenacious. “So do you?”

“She does!” Gina shrieked. “Look at her blushing!”

“He’s sooooo cute!”

“Are you two gonna kiss?”

“Ohhhh, look at that, they already have!”

This was not going to plan at all. “Ladies, ladies—calm down,” Bree said. “Yeah, we like each other…”

This set off more gales of joy.

“Calm down, okay? It’s not a big deal—”

Giggling denial.

“Well, maybe it is. But, and this is important, we’re not gonna be holding hands or making out while we’re working with you. That’s not what we’re here for.”

“Why can’t you hold hands?”

“Because, to be honest… if we did, we might be getting distracted. And it’s our job to keep you safe. We can’t do that if we’re all over each other. So we won’t be.”

“That makes sense,” said Little Lyn, and when Angie agreed, that seemed to settle it.

But then Sandy launched into the logistical questions: “How did you kiss him? He’s so short!”

“Well, to be honest… no. No, I’m just not going to be talking about this,” Bree said.

“Awwwwww! Come on! Tell, tell!”

“No. And that’s final.” Because there’s no way on earth I’m gonna explain how he caught me with my pants down and was a real gentleman about it.

This realization helped keep her determined, and eventually the girls gave up, or at least decided to bide their time. And since they were eating with their cabin teammates instead of their trail teammates, there was no chance to bug Tam about it. But instead the gossip flew with the other girls in the cabin, and Bree became deeply, mortifyingly conscious of her fellow counselor in the cabin. But the other counselor didn’t say anything.

The mortification got even worse the next day, when the girls gleefully informed Tam’s team what they’d discovered. Tam grinned and shrugged: that’s life with middle schoolers. Whattya gonna do?

Except that was a real question, and a good one. Bree was feeling very much like she was out in deep water on this, not certain what she could stand on. One kiss—well, really a bunch of them, but only one time—didn’t make a relationship. There were things that did make a relationship real, but which of them could they do? Bree felt like she was blushing constantly, that every move she made was under a microscope. Her tension and confusion was mounting by the hour.

This was their rest day, between the two big overnight hikes. There were the usual games, but there were also some long pauses where everyone just sat around. During one of these, in the heat of the afternoon, Tam plopped himself down next to Bree and said, quietly, “How ya doin’?”

Bree felt like every single one of the kids was now paying total attention, though nobody had really moved. “I feel like we’re being watched,” she said, honestly (and just as quietly).

“That we are,” Tam answered. “Shall we show them how grown adults do this?”

“Do what?”

“Talk things out. Set boundaries. Not flounder around in the dark trying to read their partners’ minds. You know, all the stuff we hated in high school.”

“We’re not floundering? I feel like I’m floundering.”

Tam nodded. “I thought you looked a little lost. Only natural, we haven’t talked yet. We should do that.”

“Here? Now?”

“Perfect time for it. We need to get it worked out before tomorrow or we’ll both snap from the strain. Kids are otherwise occupied.”

“Yeah, by watching us!”

“So we better set a good example, huh?”

“Huh. Hadn’t thought of it like that…”

“Yup.”

“So. Um. Boundaries?”

“Let’s get the most important stuff out of the way first, then work out the details,” he said. “What are you okay with in front of the kids?” When she didn’t answer for a moment, he suggested, “I mean, can I hold your hand in front of the kids?”

“Out on the trail,” she said. “Not in camp.”

He nodded.

“It’s because—”

He held up a finger. “You don’t have to justify your boundaries,” he told her. “I’m gonna respect that because you asked for it, not because of whatever makes you ask.”

A wave of admiration swept over her—admiration and relief. The tension in her shoulders was ebbing rapidly. “Oh. That’s nice.”

He grinned. “You look better already. So let’s figure out more. All our clothes stay on in front of the kids.”

“Well, duh.”

“Yeah, duh, but it’s still good to say out loud. Especially since my next question is, do you wanna keep all our clothes on when we’re alone?”

The blush came back with a vengeance. “Um.”

“I’ll tell you right now,” he said, his voice barely above a whisper, “I’m fine either way. My boundary is no intercourse, because I didn’t bring any condoms. Everything else is on the table for me—in private—so it’s down to what you’re comfortable with.”

“This conversation is getting a little past hand-holding,” Bree whispered.

He grinned. “I know. Figured we should talk about it right away. Everything else will be easier.”

“Um. Can I decide about the sex later?”

“Of course. And the clothes?”

“…Off.”

He grinned.

“I can’t believe I just said that,” Bree said.

“Is it what you want?”

“Yeah. Yeah.”

“Then what’s the problem?”

“But… like, what would people think to hear me say that?”

“Who cares? We’re adults. We like each other. We think each other’s pretty cute and we’d like to see more. Everyone else can butt out.”

“Wow.”

He grinned again. “See? And now everything else will be a lot easier. Like, can I call you cute in front of the kids?”

“No,” she said at last. “But you can imply it all you want. And you can call me cute when we’re alone.”

They hashed it out, bit by bit, and the stress and tension ebbed away—replaced by excitement. Now that they’d said it out loud, Bree suddenly felt an absolutely burning desire to get him alone and naked. To see what she’d gotten, of course. “When can we be alone?” she asked.

“Not till the kids are gone. Saturday night. We’ll do something after dinner,” he said, eyes alight.

But first they had a hike to manage. The kids had mapped out their route, and it was going to require quite an early start. They enforced early bedtimes, which allowed Bree to suppress any gossiping, and then rousted everyone out before sunrise and got them into the van. The kids dozed while Bree drove. As usual Tam was in the seat next to her, and they seized the opportunity to talk a little. Just normal we’re-into-each-other talk.

“So that song you played…”

“Oh, ‘Sideways’?”

“Yeah, that one.”

“Did you like it?”

“Well, it helped me figure out what was on your mind, so—yeah, I liked it.”

“Was I that obvious?”

“Pretty much.”

She blushed.

“Nah, don’t be embarrassed. That’s when I made up my mind to get you alone somehow.” He cocked a head. “You get embarrassed a lot.”

“Well, it’s just…” she flapped a hand. “It’s all this baggage.”

“Oh, am I stepping on your scars?”

“It’s not that, although that’s a great way of putting it. It’s that…” she swallowed and checked the rear-view mirror. Most of the kids seemed out like lights. “I’ve always been a good girl. And now I’m… um… trying to be less good. Let myself be… uh… an adult. Doing adult things. Sexual,” she managed to get the word out.

“Sounds like scars to me,” Tam said. “Just scars that you share with a lot of other people.”

“Yeah. Yeah, that’s it. I feel like I’m being shameful. But then the flip side is, when I behave, I feel I’m no fun. Inhibited. I mean, I wanna be GGG, but I’m having to fight all this history. All these expectations.”

“Good reminder. We shouldn’t have any expectations.”

A chill ran through her. “We shouldn’t?”

“Nope. ‘Expectations are resentment waiting to happen.’”

“That sounds to me like we’re not going to… like we’re giving up.”

“Oh! I see. Yeah, not my intention. I wanna kiss you. A lot. But I won’t expect you to make out with me. I’ll grab my chances when the chances come, though.”

“I think I see. That’s hard.”

“Yup.”

“As for the baggage… you wanna be GGG, huh?”

“Yeah.”

“And you feel like you’ve got to choose between being the good girl and being GGG?”

“Right.”

“You remember what the first G is, right?”

“Yeah, ‘Good.’ What are you—oh.”

“Figure it out, huh?”

“You!” she said, deliriously happy. “You’re incredible, you know that?”

“I’ve picked up a few tricks here and there. I’ve had some good teachers.”

“I’m grateful. To them and to you.”

“Same. To them and to you.”

“To me? What have I done?”

“Aside from being a really wonderful, beautiful human being? Well, let’s see—for starters, you’re doing all the driving…”

“Right, and you owe me for that.”

“Remember what I said about expectations.”

“No, I meant like counselor chores.”

“Oh, right. Balance. Uh—doing the dishes?”

“We’ll make them do that.”

“Okay, then I’ll be the bad guy and do the making.”

After nearly an hour’s drive they arrived at the trailhead at last. They’d been here before, but for shorter hikes. There was a pit toilet by the little parking lot, but Bree had no intention of using it. And apparently, neither did anyone else. Fiona outright announced that she was going to go pee in the trees instead, and headed off with both Lyns and Sandy to do just that. Tam and Bree’s eyes met. Another moment of little victories. But also, underneath that, was the memory of how they’d first kissed.

When the girls returned, they unloaded the van, distributed the gear, checked boots and straps, and headed up the trail. Over the course of the day they got much, much farther than they had before, truly out into the backcountry. They were headed to the peak of a mountain the kids had picked out.

The journey was hot, tiring, and an absolute delight. The kids were all extremely enthusiastic and working together well—even Xavier the lone wolf. The Lyns and Angie, with a little support from Ian and Nate, were brilliant trail bosses, setting the pace and checking on everyone. Fiona was helpful. Bradley smiled. Nobody was getting blisters, everyone was drinking water, all was well. The hike was actually going so well that Bree was starting to get nervous: what would go wrong?

Breakfast and lunch were basic backpacker fare, mostly energy bars and trail mix. But for dinner they managed something a little better, building a fire and frying up some pre-prepped food. Once again Gina was in charge of the kitchen, and again all Bree and Tam had to do was sit back and watch. And as Angie and the Lyns got everyone else to make camp, Tam slipped his hand into Bree’s.

And then they watched the sun set, and watched the crescent moon go down, and watched the stars coming slowly out. They kept an eye on the kids, too, but their happy campers seemed entirely self-propelled, or at least Angie-propelled. In fact the whole gang seemed to be making a determined effort to not come over. Bree could have sworn that Madalyn actually shoed some of the boys back to camp. Ricky and Bradley were watching the fire like hawks, far more intent and serious than when Tam had been with them. And she thought she caught Angie and Ian and Nate in a huddle, trying to work something out. It was when she noticed Nate setting up her tent that she knew something was up.

When she pointed all this out, Tam chuckled. “They’ve got eyes. Or at least our leaders do. They’re giving us space.”

“I feel bad, though…”

“Look. Do they need help?”

“No. They’ve got it.”

“Would they be asking for help, if they weren’t giving us room?”

“Probably…”

“See any goofing off?”

“Nope.”

“They’re giving us space, and it’s making them step up. Be responsible. Pretty amazing, really. We lucked out.”

“I know! I can’t imagine another group like them…”

“We won’t get one. Not this good. We won’t have Lyns and Angies and Nates in the next bunch. We’ll have somebody else, though.”

“I already miss them.”

“I know. Savor the next three days.”

Sudden motion in the sky caught Bree’s eye. “Falling star! Make a wish!”

Tam’s hand tightened on hers. “What did you wish for?” he asked.

“Same wish I always make: that tomorrow will be beautiful. What did you wish for?”

“That you’d be sitting here beside me. And look! It already come true!”

She pulled her hand free and wrapped him in a hug. They sat like that for a moment.

“I can’t rest my head on your shoulder,” she said at last, complaining.

“Just rest it on my head.”

“Won’t that hurt?”

“Most things hurt eventually. Sometimes it’s worth it.”

“Oooh, I can rest my chin on your shoulder if I sit behind you…”

“Are they actually putting themselves to bed?”

“Sounds like.”

“Dang, what a crew.”

“We should probably go check on them…”

“I agree. Just one thing we need to do first.”

“Hmm?”

He leaned a bit, turned his head. His lips found her cheek. She shifted so that he wasn’t the only one kissing.

This lasted a long time.

“Okay,” she gasped, coming up for air. “We’ve got to go do our job…”

“Yeah.”

They walked the ten yards back to camp, and found an exhausted, exultant team waiting to show off all their hard work. They duly admired the kids’ handiwork, and encouraged them all to bed down. As Fiona headed to her tent, she high-fived Bree with an ear-to-ear grin. Angie gave Bree a hug. The giggling commenced as soon as the girls were zipped up, as if they were waiting for a door to close. A tent, of course, was in no way soundproof.

Tam came over and handed her something.

“What’s this?”

“Flashlight,” he said. “I’m going over that way, y’see, and you can go over there, and there’s no risk of bumping into each other in the dark.”

Bree laughed. It was a new kind of laughter in her vocabulary. She took his hand firmly and led him into the woods.

“Um, what are we doing?” he asked in a whisper.

“Oh, what you were planning on doing, but no reason to split up like that.”

“Didn’t know you were looking for an audience…”

“I’m not. Just the company. This is good. Turn your light off and step over there.”

They peed in parallel again. When they were done (Bree again took a little longer) they found each other once again in the dark. And they made out until Tam got a crick in his neck and had to stop.

*003*2021-05-07 03:50

The next day was not quite as beautiful as Bree might have wished.

Despite their triumph the previous night, the kids were not as on their game. Maybe it was weariness, or their second night out with miles ahead, or blisters or overheating, or they were just starting to get on each other’s nerves again, but they definitely made some mistakes and squabbled a bit. At Tam’s suggestion they split the group out a bit to let tensions ease. Then, just as they were about ready to camp for the night, another monsoon storm swept over them. Forty minutes later, starting a fire was just about impossible, and there was no way to get dry except to wait. Dinner was nothing but packaged food (they’d already run out of trail mix). And with the residual anger in the group, neither counselor was about to go off star-watching and making out. Not even a good-night kiss—or a good-night piss, for that matter.

But Day 3 of the hike was glorious. Midmorning, they reached the literal high point of their planned route, the peak they’d been making for, and celebrated jubilantly. There were many pictures taken. Since they didn’t have a flag, the team just used Madalyn and Tam. Madalyn got up on Katelyn’s shoulders in their Supergirl pose, so of course Tam had to climb up on Bree…

Then it was all downhill—in the sense of getting easier, but also literally—as they made their way back to the van. And they made it back to camp in time for a massive dinner, since they’d had nothing but energy bars since the day before and anything cooked looked astounding. But not so much food that there wasn’t any room for s’mores at their final campfire.

And that was sad. The “final” part, not the s’mores. Bree genuinely didn’t want the kids to go. She wanted to take them out on another hike—maybe five days this time, they could do it. She wanted the bonfire to last forever.

And she also couldn’t wait for them all to go home, because in twenty-four hours she and Tam could be truly alone…

They did the “closing circle” ceremony, each kid or counselor sharing favorite memories and heartfelt appreciations. Even the quiet guys opened up a little. The girls (and Ian and Nate) were pledging to add each other on Snapchat and be friends forever and ever. Angie was beaming like she’d won the Camp Mom Olympics. Gina and Ian were holding hands and sneaking smooches. Big Lyn and Little Lyn were hugging as if they were terrified to let each other go. Fiona announced that she hadn’t washed her hair in days—and really didn’t care. There was much laughter and many tears. And Bree’s heart was breaking with pride and joy.

Another part of her was screaming One more night!

The next day, after a subdued breakfast, it was all about getting the campers packed up and headed out. Bree drew airport-run duty again. But instead of three trips, after returning from the second she ran into none other than Julia Bristow.

“You’ve done two runs?”

“Yeah. That’s nothing, though, I did three the first day.”

“Three? Oh, right, you’re paired with Tam.”

Oh, you don’t know the half of it, boss…

“Well, I’m officially declaring you done, Miss Bree,” Julia told her. “Five airport runs is enough for now. I’ll find someone or I’ll drive the last run myself. Time for you to take a breather, my dear—fresh campers tomorrow.”

Bree immediately ran off to find Tam. And once she’d helped him finish his chores, they both ran off into the woods. They practically jogged up the first-day-hike hill—amazingly short compared to the mileage they’d put on the three days before, and much faster without a traffic jam of under-prepared, footsore campers slowing them down. Much much faster with the prospect of them being alone, away from camp, uninterruptible.

But as they got to the top of the hill, and looked at the meadow spread out below them, they also saw the stormcloud rolling in.

“We really shouldn’t be up here on top of a hill when that hits,” Tam said.

“Shit,” Bree said.

“I mean, yeah, I want you to feel like you’ve been struck been lightning, but not literally be struck by lightning… and if we did get hit, it might be hard to explain why we were naked…”

“Shit. When can we be alone?”

“It’ll have to be after dinner,” Tam said. “Lots of partying tonight. We can probably slip away without anyone noticing.” He started down the trail back to camp. “But if all else fails… want to come to my bunk tonight?”

“Um.”

“I think all we can do is sleep, my cabinmate will still be there. In fact it might be better if we kept it real quiet. Ideally he wouldn’t even know you were there. But it’s something.”

Not enough. But she said, “That actually sounds pretty good.” Maybe once the storm passes over we can still find a place to ourselves.

Except the storm didn’t pass over.

“This happens every now and then,” Tam said as they ate together in the dining hall. “Not often, but sometimes it’ll rain well into the night.”

Bree’s frustration was obviously showing. He smiled at her sympathetically. “Don’t stress. At least this way nobody will have any other socializing plans and we won’t have to slip away. Just come to my cabin when you can.”

As they left the hall, they braced themselves for the downpour and ran off in opposite directions. Bree brushed her teeth at her usual bathroom (which felt huge and empty without the line of middle school girls at the mirrors) and then gritted them as she plunged back out into the rain. Among other things, it was now much colder than usual.

She was deeply grateful she knew how to get to Tam’s cabin by memory. With the rain dumping down, she could barely see anything even with her glasses on. But even if she hadn’t found the cabin on her own, Tam was watching for her from the door.

“Come in and get dry,” he said, handing her a towel.

“My shell worked fine,” Bree said, removing the jacket in question. “It’s my legs.” Her shorts were drenched below where her jacket had covered, and everything below that was soaked, too. She started vigorously rubbing her legs down with his towel. Once she was mostly dry, though, she was still a little cold—and her shorts were still wet and clammy. She shivered.

“Let’s get in my sleeping bag and warm up,” he suggested. “But, um—this isn’t how I intended to ask this, but… can you take your shorts off first?”

She blushed and laughed at the same time. The practical necessity of it was obvious. And she wanted to do it. But somehow reaching for her zipper was… intense. Also potentially very exposed. She suddenly felt like she needed to pee, though of course that was a mixed blessing. She glanced around. “Your cabin-mate…?”

“I told him I was turning in early, and of course he sleeps at the other end of the cabin. He said he’d leave the light off when he came in. If we’re quiet, and don’t leave your stuff lying around where he might see it or trip on it, we’ll be fine.”

“Good,” she said, and meant it. She tried to unsnap her shorts again—and couldn’t do it. She buried her blushing cheeks in her hands.

“Shy?” he said. “Would it help if I took off my shorts?”

OMG, yes.

No!

Yessss… “Uh—can’t hurt to try?”

A moment later he stripped off his cut-offs and revealed his, yes, plaid boxers. And underneath them… well, it wasn’t much of a bulge. It certainly arrested her attention for a moment even still. But this did nothing for her blushing and her hesitating.

“You okay with this?” he asked. “We can wait…”

In answer she grabbed him and kissed him, utterly hungrily. When they came up for breath, her fingers plunging deep into his hair, she whispered, “No more waiting.” Instead of her shorts, she stripped off her shirt. She still had her sports bra on, but it was the point of the thing.

He matched her shirt for shirt. Of course, this left him naked except for his boxers. She reached for him again.

“Let’s get the light off,” he said. “And remember, we have to be quiet. So let’s, uh, take it slow, huh?”

“Good idea. Ideas. About the light, too, I mean.”

“Right. But before we turn it off—if I can just see one thing…”

“Huh?”

He ran his finger down one strap of her bra. “Are you comfortable taking this off?”

“Oh, definitely. Sports bras are never that comfortable.”

“I meant—are you comfortable with me seeing you?”

She flushed red again, and hesitated again—and wriggled out of the bra before she could change her mind.

His eyes blazed.

Almost terrified by the hunger in his gaze, she instinctively clutched her hands (still holding the bra) to her chest.

“Sorry, too far?” he asked.

“They’re not that hot,” she said.

“Oh, I don’t know about that…” he said softly. “You look gorgeous. All of you.” He set his hands on her hips.

Which reminded her she needed to take her shorts off. She did this quickly, again before she could freeze up again. And speaking of freezing, now she was really cold. And said so.

“Bunk, then,” he said. “Bunk and bag. And lights out.” He turned these out before adding, “And just push your stuff under the bunkbed.”

She did, except for her shorts, which she hung from the ladder to the upper bunk of the next bunkbed over. Meanwhile Tam climbed up the ladder to his bunk—because of course he’d taken the top bunk. She followed after him and lay down beside him in the narrow bed.

They were kissing the moment her head hit the pillow.

His hand found her hip, drew her closer, ran up her back. Stroked her spine, gently. Then his fingers crept up and cupped the side of her left breast (as she was lying on her right side). “You good with this?” he whispered.

“Yes. Oh yes. Yes please.”

His fingers trailed across her breast several times, lightly. Traced the line where breast met chest, traced the outline of her aureola. She was, she’d discovered, super-sensitive in her nipples. She felt a huge surge of arousal—and adoration. He was so gentle. No squeezing, no pinching, just beautiful feather-fingers running across her skin. It all sent an electric current running through her, right down to her groin, where it turned into a flood. She kissed him, hungrily, to show how much she appreciated it, and pulled his hips closer to hers. His boxers were bulging much more now.

Oh, yes. That’s what I want.

She matched gentle touch for touch, trailing her fingertips up and down the line of that bulge. He warmed and hardened even more, and the loose fly couldn’t contain him any longer. Her fingers met flesh—and it was his turn to kiss like he was starving for her skin. For a few minutes there was no thinking. Their hands were as hungry as their lips.

She was startled when he tore away. “What’s wrong?” she whispered. (It seemed right to whisper.)

“Nothing,” he said. “Absolutely nothing. Well—it’s intense. Ummm… it’s been a while for me. Almost a year.”

“More than two years for me,” she said. “And trust me, you’re already better than he was.”

“I just—want to be careful. I want you so bad. All of you. But we’ve got boundaries.”

“You haven’t crossed mine. Have I crossed yours?”

“No, you just make me want to cross them. Bree, I’ve never wanted any girl so much.”

“Really?”

“Three weeks of nothing but anticipation can do that. I want you. I want to be in you. So bad. And I want to do right by you. Better than a narrow bunk and a roommate…”

“Shhh. I don’t mind any of that. I just want to be with you. And I want you in me too.”

“Not without protection. For you.”

“We can wait.”

“Still… can we back off a little?”

“Of course.” She released him from her holding-on-for-dear-life grip, gave him a quick kiss.

“Oh, don’t stop that,” he breathed. “Please.”

“With pleasure,” she replied, and they fell back into making out for a long time.

The door opened, and they both froze. The sound of kissing carries, and Bree was suddenly highly conscious of her barenaked back, unmistakably not Tam’s. But the cabinmate didn’t turn on the lights. There were various rustlings and creakings as he got undressed and climbed into his sleeping bag.

They didn’t dare keep making out after that, didn’t dare make a sound. But they couldn’t keep from caressing each other. She traced the lips she couldn’t kiss. He brushed her hips, her thighs, her breasts. She felt like her panties must be soaked with her arousal. And she noticed he’d stayed pretty hard, even through the interruption.

But as they couldn’t talk or kiss or fuck, and as they were lying there in the dark after weeks of hard work, warmed by each other’s presence, sleep started pulling them down. Bree felt a little urge to pee come back—the feeling had been swallowed up by her overall arousal—and she thought about what it would take to get up and go. Too much effort, she thought, with the rain and all. Cold, too. And I’d have to stop touching Tam.

I can wait until morning.

###

Famous last words, Bree... TO BE CONTINUED...

*005*2021-05-14 04:31

Thanks for waiting, y'all. Time for the thrilling conclusion!

###

She woke up, startled by the weight and warmth of Tam’s body. He’d rolled partway on to her in his sleep. He was breathing slow and steady, and she didn’t want to wake him up. But there was a heavy pressure between her legs that had nothing to do with her boyfriend’s expansionist sleep habits.

OMG. I have got to go.

Uh-oh.

She sized up the situation. She had no idea where the restroom cabin was on the boy’s side of camp, and she guessed she wouldn’t be able to find it without her glasses. And her glasses would be useless in the rain that was still dumping down.

She tried to hold it and drift back to sleep.

After about a minute it became clear that this was not a thing that was going to happen.

She had no idea what time it was, and had no way of finding out. But it was still dark outside.

What am I gonna do?

If this were the woods, she’d just get up and make a run for the trees. She’d get cold and soaked but better that than wetting her panties. No—she wouldn’t wait that long. Couldn’t. She’d just step outside the tent and squat right there.

But of course this wasn’t the woods. Could she get outside? Squat down? From the sound of things, she’d get drenched—not much overhang on the cabin. There was a tiny “porch” but she couldn’t pee there, because that’s where the light was. Middle of a rainy night or not, she wasn’t about to go butt-naked anywhere where people might see her.

She shifted a bit in the bunk, trying to find a position where her bladder wouldn’t bother her. This wasn’t going to happen either. It was the not knowing. She really had no idea when or where she was going to be able to pee… and that was driving her desperation sky-high.

But since needing to go had always been a turn-on… and since she was topless in bed with the hottest boy she’d ever held, but hadn’t been able to—um—do him properly… her situation was also sending her arousal sky-high.

She shifted again, and her movement made her realize her panties were wet. Had she…? No, if she had wet the bed (well, bunk) she wouldn’t still need to go so badly. This dampness was clearly from somewhere else. She was simply aching for release. Every minute of those three weeks of build-up since she’d lain down next to Tam was now bearing down on her. She couldn’t help it. She reached for her crotch—but whether to clutch her self against the pee, or get herself off, she didn’t even know.

Moving her hand made Tam stir. She froze, hoping she hadn’t woken him up. She couldn’t tell from his breathing. Tam. Oh, her sweet beautiful boy. He was simply the best, looking out for her even when he was just as desperate as she was… desperate for sex, that was…

A double surge hit her, and she had to grab. Quickly. Too quickly. Tam woke up.

“What’s wrong?” he mumbled in her ear.

“Nothing,” she breathed back. “Go back to sleep.” But her body couldn’t lie so easily.

“You’re squirming,” he mumbled again.

She had to confess. “I really need to pee.”

“Hmm?”

She shifted her mouth closer to his ear. “Gotta pee. Bad.”

“Go ahead.”

“I don’t know where!” She had to give herself another squeeze. Between the words and the gestures, he woke up to her predicament, realizing that she’d never had to pee on this side of camp.

“It’s a couple cabins—no, I need to go to. I’ll just take you,” he whispered.

Relief flooded through her. No, wait, that was the wrong word. Words. She wasn’t flooding anything. Period. And she definitely wasn’t relieved. But she was so grateful she just had to kiss him. And then she sat up and tried to get down off an old wooden bunk quietly, while absolutely bursting.

The next few minutes were some of the most excruciating of Bree’s life. Trying to move without making too much noise. Trying to find enough clothes to go outside. Not knowing where anything was. Not being able to see a thing between not having any light or any glasses. All in the cold with the perpetual sound of rain in her ears. She found her sandals, and she found her rain jacket, but she had no idea where the rest of her clothes were. Then she remembered she’d pushed them under the bed, so she got down on her knees to try and find them.

But she couldn’t, not at first, and when she finally did she couldn’t find her shorts, and by then she was so incredibly desperate that she jammed both hands into her crotch and just about cried. And Tam was waiting, not understanding the holdup. She squirmed to her feet, wrapped one leg around the other, and wrapped her rain jacket around her body. It wasn’t quite long enough, and didn’t actually cover her panties entirely. And she didn’t even try to fumble with the zipper—she just held the jacket closed over her breasts. She was that low on time.

Then Tam took her by the hand, and the touch of his fingers sent a huge shiver of longing and desire running through her. She could not believe how much she wanted to shove him up against the wall, reach into his shorts, have him reach into her… screw his roommate, she wanted him so bad… no, wait, phrasing, screw Tam. Screw Tam until they both came. Right here, right now…

OMG. I am the absolute weirdest. And I am such a slut. Who else would get so turned on by having to pee?

But Tam, knowing nothing of what was in her head, just gently led her to the door and out into the rain.

Feeling the downpour on her jacket, and the cold air on her bare legs, made her also feel her pee making a break for it. She had to stop and cross her legs, clamping down like a vise. She was not going to pee in her panties like a little girl. She was not…

Tam, still holding her hand, turned back to look at her. Now that they were outside they could speak a little more freely. “You okay?” he asked.

“I’ve just gotta go. Like, incredibly badly.”

“Bathroom’s not far. And we’re getting soaked.”

The thought crossed her mind that she could just pee, and blame it on the rain… no! She squeezed her inner muscles as tight as she could (oh, that was so close to sex…), uncrossed her legs, and let him lead on.

She really couldn’t see a thing. Okay, she could tell when they were next to a cabin because she could see the lights. But in the dark, dumping rain, so cold, she saw she’d been right: she couldn’t have found the boy’s bathroom to save her life without Tam to be her eyes. She’d have pissed herself for sure. She could imagine trying to pop a squat next to one of these silent, nearly-empty cabins. And imagining it, she leaked. Just a drop or two. She squeezed Tam’s hand tighter, squeezed her pelvic muscles tighter, and tried to walk faster. But of course walking faster, with the height difference, meant she was forcing him to scramble to keep up—and he was the one who knew where they were going. She slowed down. And bit her lip.

“Almost there,” Tam said, reassuringly.

But of course, not knowing was still adding all that pressure. Was it this cabin? No? The next? “Oh my god,” she said under her breath. She was clamping down with every muscle she had. And she was so incredibly turned on. “Oh, my god…”

Tam heard her. “It’s right here,” he said.

Another leak. Bigger. More of a spurt. She thrust her free hand between her legs and started to double over. But that would expose her panties to the rain. She crouched down, tried to sit on her heel.

“Just another twenty steps,” Tam said. There was a change to his voice. Concern? She managed to straighten up, but she didn’t take her hand away. She was pressing down with two fingers. Pressing down on her pee-hole… urethra. And pressing down on her clit. Tam tugged on her hand and she followed him. She felt like she had seconds left.

And then, suddenly, they were inside, it was warm, and it wasn’t raining on them. But Bree still didn’t have her glasses on. She looked around frantically, seeing nothing but blurs. Her fingers felt another spurt slip past them. She rubbed furiously, and just about sobbed. Or was it a sigh?

“Tam, for the love of god, I can’t see…”

“Stalls are over there,” he said, pushing her to the left. He seemed to want to go right instead. But she didn’t let go of her death-grip (okay, grips—one on his hand and one on herself) as she flung herself towards the stalls. She was no longer thinking. It didn’t even occur to her that she was pulling him into the toilet stall behind her. On one level, apparently, she wasn’t going to let him go for anything.

She spurted again just as she started to turn around to sit down on the toilet, felt the warm droplets joining the cool ones already on her legs from the rain, and instead of finishing her turn she simply dropped her butt down onto the seat, somewhat askew. And she didn’t try to go for the waistband of her panties. Instead her fingers, already knotted up in the wet cotton, simply tugged hard out and down as she collapsed.

And then “Oh my god… oh my GOD, that feels so good…”

Bliss poured through her. And piss poured out of her. It sounded like the rainstorm had forced its way inside as her stream hit the water in the bowl. She was a monsoon all on her own.

It felt so good, it almost felt like she was coming. And that half-thought, really more like a feeling, nudged her to reach between her legs one more time…

Tam made a strangled noise.

She opened her eyes and looked up at him. This close, he was still somewhat blurry, but she could at least make out his features and expression. She just didn’t know what the expression on his face meant. She’d never seen quite that look in his eyes.

“Uh, Bree? Are you ever gonna let go of my hand?” he gasped.

“Oh, am I hurting you?” she said, and loosened her grip, glancing down at his hand still held in hers as she did so. Which, of course, put her eyes right at a level to see what he was doing with his free hand.

He’d managed to get his shorts on back in the cabin. But his fly was down, and his fingers were fumbling with the fly of his boxers underneath. And coming right out to meet those fingers was…

“Oh,” she gasped. “I’m sorry, I forgot, you need to pee too!”

“Yeah,” he said, again in a somewhat strangled voice. “But… um. There’s…. um. A problem.”

“Huh? What?”

“Uh…” And he gestured helplessly, managing all at one wave of his hand to take in the fact that she was currently pissing (still) into the only toilet in the stall, and that her rain jacket had fallen open, and that she was still holding onto his hand, and that he was, in fact, getting hard.

“Oooh,” she said, and shifted her grip from his hand to his hard-on. Didn’t even think. Didn’t have time to blush. The sheer joy of getting one of the things she had been so desperate for was still flooding her with endorphins (and flooding the toilet with another bodily fluid), and then there was the other thing she’d been desperate for, right at eye level, and in her delight she simply took what she’d wanted.

It got harder, and quickly, in her grip.

“Wow,” she said, and rubbed it.

There was that strangled noise again.

“Oh, god, sorry! Am I hurting you?” she asked, slackening her grip (but not releasing him). Her piss was still hissing into the toilet, a thin but steady stream.

“Really not.”

“Then I stepped over your boundaries…”

He bent over to kiss her. Passionately. “I said anything but penetration,” he said, in a husky voice. “It’s just a little tricky, since I need to pee too.”

“Should I stop?”

“Definitely not. Gonna be faster if…” He shook his head. “But not here.”

“Where?”

“Shower,” he said. “Keep us warm. Clean up easy, after.”

“Yes.” Her stream trickled off. She knew she wasn’t done, but Tam didn’t; he grabbed her hand and practically hauled her to her feet. She squeezed off the remainder of her pee—she could wait on that.

The shower stalls were past the sinks, past the mirrors. Bree couldn’t see herself in the mirror, which was probably good. They must have looked a sight, her just in panties and a rain jacket, Tam with his hard-on sticking out the front of his shorts. They stepped into a shower stall, or at least the outer part for changing, and Bree pulled the curtain closed. Then there was a delicious fumbling with their clothes. Her rain jacket slid to the floor, and her panties followed a second later. Tam took a little longer, but she helped. They kept their sandals on. Tam reached in and turned on the shower. “Takes a minute to warm up,” he muttered.

“Don’t waste time,” she said.

Somehow they got him up on the bench and within good make-out height. But this also brought his erection closer, and Bree just couldn’t keep her hands off it. Their breath was coming in fast, hungry gulps. Bree’s heart was hammering so hard it was almost like shaking. But Tam was rigid—not just his hard-on but all of him. He looked like he was almost in pain. “You okay?” she asked, slowing her stroking.

“Don’t stop,” he begged.

“Am I holding you too tight?”

“No. Tighter.”

She squeezed a little. He gasped, which she took was a good sign. She kept stroking him. But just a few moments later he gave a little warning cry. “Look out—”

“What is it?”

He managed to turn his body away from her, though she still kept her grip. And then he jerked—spasmed—and she felt his hard-on match it. Something went flying off into the shower, and she felt warm fluid pouring over her fingers. He collapsed against her.

“Should I keep going?” she asked.

“Let go,” he gasped. “If I stay hard, I can’t pee…”

She let him go at last, and he staggered down into the shower, which was by now running warm. He stood under the water, breath heaving. She stepped closer to join him, shivering a bit as the water hit her body and inspired the rest of her pee to make a run for it. She held it in, waiting to see what he needed.

“Okay,” he said. “I think I can now.” He took his penis in hand to aim.

Bree couldn’t resist. She took it from him. He gasped again, but didn’t harden—probably couldn’t. She could feel his piss running through him, though, and this redoubled her need. She grabbed herself with her other hand.

“Do you still need to go?” he asked, incredulous.

“A bit,” she said, understating. As ever, once interrupted, the rest very much wanted to come out. Instead she shrugged. “I can hold it. It feels nice anyway.”

“ ‘Nice’?”

“Turns me on a little,” she said, giving him a grin that she hoped looked sexy.

His piss was much faster than hers; he squeezed out the last bit, and she reluctantly let go. He turned to her and stretched up for a kiss. His hand found her breast, and this sent more shivers through her.

“Does that feel good?” he asked.

“Uh-huh,” she said, eyes half-closing as he traced her aureola. “Real good.”

He started kissing her breasts instead. This freed his hands to slide down her sides, down her hips. One clasped her butt and pulled her closer. The last boy in a position to do that had called it her “microbutt” to go with her “miniboobs.” She put him out of her mind, though. That got a lot easier to do when Tam’s other hand slipped between her legs, gently working past her own hand, and began to explore.

“Oh, Em, Gee,” she whispered. He’d found her clit instantly. No half-hearted fumbling and blundering around. And he was so gentle. Yet so firm. Insistent. And he hadn’t stopped kissing her nipples…

The fireworks began going off behind her eyes, and didn’t stop.

Distantly she was aware that she’d fallen back against the wall, panting rapidly, both palms pressed against the tile, as he kept going. Somewhere, she felt, her knees were starting to go rubbery. Way off yonder she was pissing uncontrollably over Tam’s fingers as the contractions rolled through her, and uncontrollably calling his name. But that was all ten thousand feet below where she was flying, absolutely flying, and there was a warm gold ocean of fire between her and her body, an ocean of fire that filled her and was thundering in her ears, in her heart, and absolutely blazing in her clit.

He caught her as she started to slide sideways, caught her and hugged her and kissed her.

“Good?” he asked.

She couldn’t answer him with words. All she could do was kiss him back, kissing him like he was the oxygen she was gasping for. The water was still running hot over their bare bodies.

“So,” he said. “We should talk…”

*009*2021-05-23 01:22

Aw, thanks! I think!

*011*2021-06-12 01:08

You're in luck!

