Meagan & the Gentleman: Many Happy Returns of the Day

Author: Weasel

*000*2018-06-14 01:37

Tuesday

The first sign was that Meagan texted him at all, since she knew his schedule and usually she would just come find him.

The second sign was that she texted him during class, which she never did at all.

The third sign was what she had written:

I need you

Oh god this is bad

Parker checked the clock. His film studies class was still a good half-hour from the end. But they were watching a movie, and so he could probably slip out without too much disruption or trouble. On the other hand, he was really enjoying the film, and he’d probably need to study it longer.

I’ve got ½ hr left in class

Do you need me right now?

Guess not, I can wait

But hurry back. My room

Parker wondered what would have provoked all that.

Maybe she drank some black tea earlier, huh?

That was a cheerful thought. He tried to put the idea of Meagan waiting for him desperately out of his mind so he could concentrate on the movie—but something about the vision was so captivating…

_____

Sunday

“So I was wondering how we could top ourselves this time,” Meagan said as they walked across the baseball field. “Sure, black tea, sex while I’m desperate—so far, so good. But how can we step that up a little more?”

“Hmmmmm, good question. Outdoors, maybe?” He nodded to the baseball dugout the were passing, which held some happy memories.

“Sex outside, you mean? Well—I dunno. Even on Spring Break, we’re still pretty likely to have enough traffic in most places, I’d be afraid of getting caught with my pants down. In more than one way.”

“Yeah, but isn’t that the thrill of it?”

“Mmm, I thought the thrill for you was when I needed to pee and couldn’t.”

“Well, yeah.”

“So here’s what I noticed. The two times we’ve had sex while I was desperate, we were in places where it was okay for me to leak a little. The shower, that first time; the treehouse last summer. So what I was thinking was that we could have sex on my bed. I wouldn’t dare let go, not even a drop.”

“Ooooh. That does have a certain something… but we need to work out a way to hit that sweet spot where you’re bursting but still can have sex.”

“Yeah, that’s a little harder to work out when we’ve got people around.”

“Well, I’m sure we’ll think of something...”

###

Tuesday

The movie came to an end at last, and Parker was first out the door. He practically jogged over to Bryant. But doubt had entered his mind, as it so often did.

She didn’t say she was desperate. And even if she had, she didn’t give consent to be turned on.

What else could it be, though? “I need you, oh god this is bad”? Sounds pretty desperate to me.

But she didn’t give the signal!

It’s not your birthday yet. And she did say she might surprise you…

____

Sunday, later

“So I think I worked it out,” Meagan said. “Had to think about it a lot. I remember last year that you really liked it when I was dancing desperate, right?”

“Sure did!”

“Okay, good. So here’s my plan. When I’m starting to feel it, I’ll give you the first sign. Start watching me all close. When I give you the second sign, that’s when I’ll want you to start dancing real close to me. Kiss my neck, touch me a lot. Feel me up but discreetly, basically. Get me good and turned on, right there on the dance floor. And get yourself turned on, too, although you’ll know I’ll be needing to pee then, so that shouldn’t be hard. Third sign is when I think I can’t wait much longer. We’ll slip out from the dance, go to my room, and fuck fast. Then we’ll have to sneak into the bathroom to wash up. Almost public.”

“Yeah, that could do it,” he said, imagining it.

“But if we need to shift things up a bit, I might throw you a curveball. ‘Kay?”

“’Kay!”

###

Tuesday

Parker restrained himself from trotting down the hall. She could wait a little longer—he hoped. It would be too bad if they missed their window, after all. But then, it was still only Tuesday. The party wasn’t until Friday night. They’d have more chances.

Would she be on the bed, cross-legged? Artistically holding it on the chair? The suspense!

He flung the door wide, and—

Meagan looked up from where she was sitting on the bed, eyes streaming tears.

Oh shit.

He sat down next to her, hugged her, held her for a long moment. Only then: “What’s wrong?”

“My uncle,” she whispered. “I might not be able to come back to school next year, hon. My family’s trying to keep me home.”

*004*2018-06-19 02:26

Tuesday

“They’re trying to do what?” Parker asked.

“They’re trying to keep me home. I’m still trying to figure out what’s going on. It doesn’t make sense. My uncle just called me. He said… he said he knew I was stealing his money, and that I was… uh, sleeping around, but that wasn’t the word he used.”

“What? Stealing his money?”

“I don’t know! It doesn’t make any sense! He knows I’ve been nickel-and-diming my way through school, he knows I need every buck he gives me. I couldn’t possibly be stealing anything. But then… then… he said I couldn’t come back, that he wouldn’t let me come back to ‘that awful place,’ he said, that I can kiss all my boyfriends goodbye, that he’s not paying to have me sleep around… I don’t get it. I just don’t get it.”

“Have you called your parents?”

“No,” she said, sniffling. “I got off the phone with Uncle Frank and texted you right away. I haven’t done anything.” She threw up her hands, voice cracking. “I haven’t done anything! I didn’t steal his money! Oh, god, if I’m stuck in that town the rest of my life…”

“It’s okay, it’s okay,” he said. “You won’t be. We’ll figure this out. Call your parents. See what they know.”

“Okay,” she said, wiping her eyes. “Just gimme a minute. And hold me, please?”

He decided against the obvious answer—I’m holding you already, how much more do you want?—and simply held her tighter.

She rested her head on his shoulder for a few minutes. Then she picked up the room’s land line (she never used her cell phone when she could use something else, to keep her bill down) and dialed home.

“Hi, mom? …Yeah, it’s me. I just got a call from Uncle Frank and I’m so confused. He said that I’d been stealing his money? What’s going on?”

She listened for a long moment.

“Wait, wait, wait. You told him what?”

More near-silence. Parker could barely hear a voice from the earpiece, but couldn’t make out any words.

“But mom, it costs like four thousand more than that. …Yes, even with the scholarship! If I didn’t have that it would be like ten thou more! We went over this like a dozen times. …Mom, that’s not true. We went over this when I applied, Mom… That’s not true, Mom. …That’s not…”

He felt her stiffen in his arms. She listened for another long, long moment, then she said, “Mom, I gotta go. …I gotta go, Mom, I can’t talk any more. …I’m gonna hang up now, Mom.” And she did.

Meagan sat on the edge of the bed, still and stiff as stone. Parker still had his arms around her, but now it was like trying to cuddle concrete. She sat like he wasn’t touching her at all.

“I get it now,” she whispered.

“What?”

Her voice went ice cold. “My mom lied. First to my uncle. Then to me. She lied. Fuck. Fuck.”

She suddenly broke away from him, as if his arms were chains that she had to escape.

“What can I do?” Parker asked.

She whirled around, and there was white-hot fury in her eyes. “What can you do? Nothing! There is not one single fucking thing you can do, Parker, because my family is fucked up beyond all fixing!” Her fists were clenched white. And her arms were poised for punching.

He held up his hands in surrender and fear.

Her face softened a crack. “I’m sorry, love,” she whispered. “I’m not mad at you. But I’m madder than I’ve ever been in my entire life. I need to be alone ‘cause I’m about to end whoever’s nearest.”

She grabbed her jacket, stalked to the door, flung it wide. Paused.

“I’ll call you,” she said, over her shoulder, and then she was gone.

*007*2018-06-20 03:06

Wednesday

He woke up with the feeling that he’d missed something. He tried to think of what it might be, and yesterday fell on him.

He’d spent a worried evening giving Meagan space, which meant he wasn’t around her but he wasn’t doing much of anything beyond stewing over her final words. Finally he’d dropped off to sleep, but now that he was awake, he guessed he wouldn’t be able to get to sleep again.

He tried for a few minutes anyway, staring up at the ceiling in the dark. But he was way too uneasy, and too restless, so soon he gave up and got up. Being careful not to wake Mitchell, he pulled on some clothes and slipped out into the hall.

Meagan was sitting by his door, head down on her knees, arms hugging her legs.

He sat down next to her and put an arm around her. She didn’t look up, just leaned against him.

“Do you usually lock your door at night?’ she murmured into her legs.

“I don’t. Mitchell must have. Have you been out here long?”

“Just a few minutes. I knocked. Don’t know if you heard that.”

“I think that must have woken me up.”

“Sorry.”

“Don’t be. You wanna come in, get some sleep? I’m guessing you walked all night.”

“Sure did. What time is it?”

“Going on 6.”

“Nah, I don’t think I could get to sleep fast enough to make it worthwhile. Not when I have to get up again in for breakfast in a couple hours.”

“Just sleep. You need it.”

“I’m really tired but I’m really hungry, too.”

“Let’s go to Sun’s Up. I’ll pay,” he added, quickly.

She finally put her head up at that. “Yeah, I’d like that,” she said. “Just gimme a minute.” She slid her arms around him and hugged him hard, hard enough to make his ribs nervous. He kissed her hair.

After a minute of that, as she said, she got herself up. He slipped back into his room for keys, better clothes, and his wallet. They walked out into the chill of the spring morning to Meagan’s car, and drove to Sun’s Up, in silence.

The 24-hour diner was never totally empty, but at 6am it was close. “What would you like?” the waitress asked.

“Anything but waffles,” Meagan said, with surprising fierceness.

“Maybe pancakes?” the waitress asked, warily.

“Sure. And some pitch-black coffee, please.”

Parker ordered for himself and when the waitress had left, he carefully asked, “Waffles?”

“My family’s go-to ‘special breakfast meal’ of choice.”

“I’ll make you pancakes whenever you like.”

“Thanks, hon.”

They sat in silence. Meagan’s coffee came. She drank it gratefully.

“You wanna talk?”

“Yeah. I’m just working up to it,” she said. Deep breath. “So you know how my uncle is. Pretty religious. Pretty strict. Well, he can’t stand lying, either.”

“Right there with him on that much.”

“Sure. Sooooooo… my mom told my uncle that I lied about the price of school. Told him it’s actually cheaper than I said. He thinks I’ve been stealing the extra money. And she told him I’m sleeping with someone.”

“That’s crazy!”

“I am sleeping with someone, lover. You, to be specific.”

“Oh, I didn’t mean that part.”

“Yeah, but here’s what’s so sneaky about it: I can’t really tell my uncle that my mom’s lying about half of what she told him. Especially when he’d still be furious even if he believed me.”

“Why would your mom lie?”

“I still don’t know for sure. But I think… I think she wants me to come home. If I finish school, I can go anywhere. If I don’t, I have to go home. I’ll be stuck there. And then my dad has two targets instead of one. Takes some of the heat off of her.”

“If it’s that bad, wouldn’t she want you to get out?”

“I'd really rather not analyze my mother right now, mmmmmmmmmkay?”

“Sorry.”

She stared down into her coffee for a long beat. “Anyway. So my uncle says he won’t pay another penny to have me go here. And without him—I can’t afford to come back. Which means I’d lose you.”

“No, you wouldn’t,” Parker said. “Hey, Meagan, don’t—I mean—look at me, Meagan. Look at me.”

She stared at him glumly over the rim of her cup.

“Don’t give up so fast, mmkay? We’ll figure something out. I could visit, or…”

“I am not letting you anywhere near my family.”

“—Okay, so not that, but… well… something. You’re not alone, all right? You’ve got people who can help.”

“Thanks, hon, but I’d basically need a full ride. Or take out a huge-ass loan that I wouldn’t be able to pay back for years. I mean, I’m already gonna have to do that for grad school… if I get into grad school… I just don’t see it happening.”

“Well, ask first, mmkay? Don’t just give up.”

She stared down into her mug again.

“Promise me you’ll ask about it,” he said.

“I will,” she said quietly.

“Ask Dr. Vince. That’s the kind of thing advisors are supposed to help you with.”

“Dr. Vince,” she said, with a mirthless chuckle.

“Well, maybe he can’t help you, but he’ll know someone who can!”

“Look, Parker,” she said, “even if I somehow swung the money, my family obviously doesn’t want me coming back here. And my uncle obviously won’t want you in the picture.”

“So?”

“So what?”

“You’re twenty-one. You are totally an adult. You can do what you want. Go other places. Do other things.”

“I can’t just turn my back on my family, Parker.”

“Even if that means they’ll stab you in your front instead?”

She glared.

“I'm just saying!”

“If my uncle wanted to get me fired from Camp Graham, he could. I could lose my job, Parker, along with everything else.”

“Yeah, everything else: all your dreams. All your hopes.”

“And you, too,” she reminded him.

“I don’t care about that right now,” he said.

“Really?” She crooked a skeptical eyebrow upward.

“Maybe a bit. But right now this is more important. I love you. I can’t stand watching you just give up on everything you’ve wanted, everything you’ve worked for.”

“Dear god, you’re serious,” Meagan said.

“Um. Yeah?”

“You’d break up with me if you were in the way of my plans?”

He swallowed. “Yeah. Yeah, I think I would. Because I love you and I love what you can do and I don’t want to get in the way of you doing it.” Then he shook his head. “But I don’t think I am in your way. I think you’re in a real tough spot but I think we can find some way that you can stay here. I don’t wanna give up on that.”

He held out his hands to her, resting palms up on the table. Meagan carefully set her coffee mug down and took his hands in hers.

“Parker,” she said, “you’re grown.”

“Huh?”

“That was a seriously mature and respectful and loving thing you said just now. I kinda figured you were just in denial because you didn’t want to lose me. But you’re serious.”

“Yeah.”

She picked his hands up, bent forward, kissed them.

“Thank you,” she said. “I don’t know what we can do. I don’t know if there’s anything we can do. But I’ll try. For you.”

“Aw, shit, no no no,” Parker said, then realized he’d spoken a little loudly in the just-starting-to -fill-up restaurant and brought his voice down. “Try for you. For us.”

“I’ll try for you and for me and for us. All at once.”

“Good. Good!”

“But I do wanna make this real clear,” she said. “This might not work. So what I wanna do is spend as much time with you as I can.” She swallowed. “If I’m gonna lose you at the end of this semester—well, I wanna make the semester as good as I possibly can. Regardless of what goes down.”

Then the pancakes came.

*010*2018-06-22 01:34

Still Wednesday

Parker saw very little of Meagan the rest of that day—not even at Ultimate practice, despite the Spring Break tournament looming the next week. He told the rest of the team what had happened, as best he could, to universal dismay and sympathy. Many people asked if his birthday/Spring Break kickoff party was still on. He said he didn’t know.

He didn’t see her at dinner, either. He sat in his room and tried to get work done, which didn’t work well. Mitchell listened sympathetically and tried to give him space.

Parker called his parents. His father listened sympathetically and told him he was doing the best he could in a bad situation.

Meagan came to his room after dark. Mitchell was hard at work at his computer, so they went out to the lobby and curled up together on one of the couches.

“So what did you find out?” Parker asked.

“Well, I talked to Dr. Vince. I was right, he was pretty useless.”

“Aw, man…”

“No, it was still a good thing. Professor Stoltz came by and asked what was wrong and she had a lot of good ideas.”

“Oh?”

“Well, for one thing she knew about a scholarship for psych majors that I could apply for. She said it was a little late but she knew somebody on the committee and I might be able to turn in my application anyhow. So I wrote that up during dinner and sent it to her.”

“Well hey. That’s something!”

“Yeah… I’m not really holding my breath but it’s something. And I talked to Linda Bonham, the registrar—do you know her?”

“Just by sight.”

“She was real helpful. She said there were a few things she could try. She even offered to talk to my uncle and set him straight about the real tuition cost.”

“Hey, that’s awesome!”

“I know. I don’t think he’ll change his mind, not since he thinks I’m basically a whore now, but I said yes, please call him.”

“Good.”

“So we’ll see what happens next.”

“Mmmhmm.—The team missed you at practice today.”

“Aww, shit.”

“A lot of people wanna know if we’re still doing the party on Friday.”

“Oh, shit, the party… I am so sorry, lover, I can’t even think that far ahead right now.”

“It’s okay.”

“I promise I’ll make it up to you,” she said. “You know how.”

“Thanks. But I’m still mostly worried about you, right this minute.”

“I know. And you’re so sweet. But like I said, I want these next few weeks to be as good as we can make them. So I don’t know about the party, but the other part of your birthday: yes. Definitely yes. For sure.”

They cuddled on the couch for the next little while.

“You wanna spend the night?” Parker asked. “Nothing special. Just sleep. Which you need.”

“Yeah. I think I’d like that—if Mitchell’s okay with it.”

“Let’s ask.”

As they walked into the room, Mitchell swung around on his chair. “There you are, good,” he said. He held out a piece of paper.

“What’s this?” Parker asked.

“I got in touch with your roommate Dacy,” Mitchell said to Meagan, “and with a few other important people, and worked this out.”

“What is it?”

“It’s a schedule of when either this room or your room will be free,” Mitchell said, “for the rest of the week. With everything that’s going on, I wanted to give you as much alone time as I could.”

“Oh my dear sweet lord, this is amazing,” Meagan said. “This is the best calendar-based present I have ever gotten in my whole life, I swear to god. It’s so tidy, it’s like—wait, did you use a ruler on this?”

“If it’s worth doing, it’s worth doing ridiculously well.”

“Thank you so much!”

“I regret to inform you that I have a test tomorrow and so I can’t sleep somewhere else tonight…”

“It’s all right. We were hoping to sleep here tonight—but just sleep.” Meagan yawned for emphasis.

“Not a problem. You’re entirely welcome,” Mitchell said.

“C’mere, I’ve got to give you a hug for this. How hard did you work on this, really?”

“Well, procrastination is a hell of a drug.”

Meagan laughed. “Thank you for that image. I don’t think I’ve laughed since…”

“I know.”

###

Thursday

They crashed early that night, all three of them sleep-deprived. Meagan slipped out early to change clothes and get back to work on her own projects. It was a busy day for Parker, too, and so he didn’t see her until after dinner again. But when he did, he had some good news of his own.

“I told the team that you weren’t up for hosting the party,” he said, “and Josh just said, ‘We’ll take care of it,’ and now the party’s happening out at Wyeth Hall and everybody’s gonna chip in for food.”

“Oh, wow, our team is amazing,” Meagan said. “I’m so glad. And that won’t change our plans much.” She held up Mitchell’s schedule. “We’ll actually have our choice of rooms tomorrow night.”

“What about tonight?”

“Hon, I’m not sure…”

“Just for make-outs and back rubs.”

“Oh! Well, in that case…” She consulted the calendar. “Looks like Dacy’s out for another couple hours.”

He did coax her shirt and bra off, but just for the massage. Still, he was a little hard when he lay down next to her after finishing up—he did find her back remarkably sexy.

“Tomorrow,” she whispered. “I promise.”

*013*2018-06-23 14:12

Friday

Meagan woke early. She kissed him awake and—heedless of Dacy in the bed on the other side of the room—whispered “Tonight’s the night, lover. Meet me at lunch?”

“I can do that.”

“’Kay, good. Now I’m going to the bathroom. Just thought you’d like to know that.”

“Thanks.”

But he went through the morning with far more worry than arousal.

He looked for her at lunch, wondering what her plan was, but she didn’t show up until well into the lunch hour. She kissed him, set her bag down, and went off to fetch food and drink. When she came back, she hoisted her thermos toward him, as if toasting him. “Wanna know what’s in here?” she asked.

“Tea?”

“Oh yeah.”

Still, she seemed pretty distracted. It was a quiet lunch, just the two of them, eating by themselves in a corner of the dining hall, as the room filled with goodbyes—just for Spring Break, of course, but every time they heard the word, it sounded far more final to their ears.

“I’ll finish this during my last class,” Meagan said, hoisting the thermos again, “and then I’ll be ready for the party.” She pecked him on the cheek and hurried off.

With all the turmoil in his mind, Parker watched her go, trying to memorize every scrap of her. Time seemed to slow as he watched. Start with her feet and the beat-up old sneakers she wore until they completely fell apart. It wasn’t warm enough for shorts yet, not here (in Savannah over the break it would be just fine), so she wore jeans, almost as worn out as the shoes, loose and not constricting but not baggy either—fitted just well enough to tell that there was actually a pretty fine butt underneath them. He watched that butt twitch as she strode away. Then a sweatshirt (one of hers, for once), also a little tattered around the edges, and currently hiding most any hint of breast. Her touch-of-red-amidst-the-brown ponytail bounced across her shoulders. He wished he could see her freckles.

He suddenly realized, with a wave of guilt, that he’d always taken her choice of clothing to be a “Hi, I don’t care” kind of attitude, one that he’d always found much more sexy than miniskirts and plunging necklines. And truly, she fit right in on campus, where he’d seen many a girl wearing torn-up jeans as the height of fashion. But add in her troubles, and suddenly she just looked poor.

Of course she would hate him for feeling sorry for her, so he tried not to. After all, she’d gotten this far. But as she vanished around a building he wondered: what else had he overlooked, misinterpreted, taken for granted?

###

“I think we need to change the plan a little,” Parker pointed out as they walked to Wyeth Hall, out past the back parking lots.

“Hmm?”

“We had a plan. You were gonna give me a signal and we were going to slip out of the party, go back to our room, and…”

“Oh—yeah, I guess we did have a plan…”

“Did you ever work out signals?”

“Not really.” She thought for a second, then shook her head. “I was gonna be all clever and secret-agent-y, but I can’t think tonight. Just watch me. When I’m starting to squirm, there’s a reason for it. And when I tell you it’s time to go, it’s time to go.”

“Got it.”

Wyeth Hall was the newest dorm on campus. Its kitchen/lobby area was massive and sprawling and immaculate, in comparison to the Bryant kitchen where Parker and Meagan had spent so much time over Thanksgiving. The whole Ultimate team fit quite comfortably and the food was fine—even if it was mostly pizza, provided by Josh with a few dollars chipped in by everyone else. There was also beer, and both Meagan and Parker drank a couple. There was music, and some dancing, and a lot of laughter.

But there was an undertone through the whole party, a pervasive sense of Are they having fun yet? Does Meagan look happier now? Can we chill, or do we need to do more…?—in a phrase, “Trying too hard.”

So they ate and drank, and danced and laughed, and if it had been a normal party that might have been just what they needed. But instead the whole team seemed to be watching them and jumping in at the slightest sign of sadness, or even of boredom. And so every lull in the party instead became a crisis that the team leaped into action to do something about, and that simply served as a reminder of what was looming over them.

On the bright side, Meagan never lacked for drinks. By Parker’s count she knocked back two beers, a can of pop, and some water. He didn’t know if she’d peed out the black tea earlier, or if she’d even finished her thermos. He didn’t care; after nearly four 12-ounce cans of fluids, she’d have to pee sooner or later.

It seemed the answer was “sooner.” Even as she cracked open the second beer she started to shift in her seat. When she finished that and replaced it with a near-equivalent of water, she was restless. And by the time the water was gone she had her legs crossed. He stuck close to her after that—but somehow his attention was still on something else when she leaned over and whispered in his ear, “Time to go, hon.”

They made their apologies and farewells quickly. But somebody had the bright idea to sing “Happy Birthday” to Parker, and so it still took a minute or two to get out the door and headed up the path back to Bryant Hall and Meagan’s room.

Wyeth Hall was the newest dorm on campus and therefore the furthest away from everything. This wasn’t saying much—it was still a fairly small campus—but they still had to walk the length of the Athletics Building, and up to the little parking lot between that and Bryant, and then around to Bryant’s front door. And halfway along the first step of this, in full view of the (virtually empty) weight room, Meagan stopped for a minute to go into lockdown.

“I may have gone a little too far, hon,” she said. “Think we can fuck fast?”

“Probably.”

Somewhat to Parker’s delight, she had to stop again twice, once right in front of the Athletics Building front door, the second at the near corner of Bryant. The second time, she not only stopped to lock down, she bent over a little, leaning one hand on the wall, and crossed her legs. She said nothing, but she was breathing a little fast.

There was the usual fumbling with the ID card at the door, complicated by the fact that her card was now nearly three years old and starting to fall apart. It took three swipes, and that was two more Meagan wanted. She swore a little at the second mis-read, legs going crossed again. When the door finally clicked unlocked, she pulled it open—but remained motionless for a moment, her face blank and her muscles taut with strain, until she trusted her bladder to behave itself a little longer. Parker took this all in, pulse climbing, but her silence and the look on her face sent a warning chill through him.

But then the door to her dorm opened to her key, and then closed behind them, and she turned to kiss him. “I hope you’re ready,” she whispered. “I can’t hold it much longer.”

“When you say it like that, I’ll be ready pretty quick,” he said, unzipping.

“Let me put it this way,” she said, slightly muffled as she tried to pull her sweatshirt and her t-shirt off both at once. “I wish I could do a sexy striptease for you, but I am runnin’ out of time…”

“Are you okay?” he asked. Something in her voice was bothering him. “We don’t have to do this.”

She managed to get her t-shirt off at last. She pulled him to her, pushing her breasts in their silky red bra against him, and kissed him fiercely. “I want you in me,” she whispered in his ear. “I want you in me so bad. And not just so I can pee afterward. But I really really really gotta go, so I want you in me now.”

“Aren’t we gonna need to warm up a little first?” Parker said—but his cock was already reacting to her words.

“I’ll need a bit,” she said, unfastening her bra, “but I’m gettin’ there.”

She stripped off her shoes and socks and pants next, but left her panties on for a moment longer “to help me hold. You know how hard it gets to hold it when you’re naked.” Instead she pulled out the vibrator—on the lowest possible setting—and applied it to the silky fabric. Parker stripped in a hurry as she did so.

“I can barely take this,” she said quietly over the low hum of the toy. “Can you grab a towel? I’m kinda scared I’m gonna leak.”

He laid a spare towel across the bed, then grabbed the bottle of lube. He used a little more than usual, not quite trusting that thirty seconds of vibration would be enough to get her truly ready.

She squirmed out of her panties, one hand wedged between her legs as she tried to get them off one-handed. He came to her rescue with his non-lubricated hand, and between them they got her all the way naked.

“How do you want to…?”

“I’d better be on top,” she said. He lay back on the towel. She straddled him—and immediately got back off. “Can’t do that,” she said, holding her crotch again. “Let’s try from behind…”

She got down on her knees and elbows, so she could either hold herself with one hand or run the vibrator with the other, and Parker positioned himself behind her. She was clenched so tightly it was hard for him to get in, especially being so extremely well-lubed. But with a little perseverance he managed to get into her.

“Oh holy fuck,” Meagan said as he slid in. “That feels amazing but I just about pissed the towel.”

“You feel amazing, too,” he said. He’d never felt her so tight, not even the other times they’d had sex while she was desperate.

“Don’t hold back,” she said. “I want all of you. I want you to truly fuck me. I want you to fuck me like it’s the last night on earth.”

“Are you sure?” he said.

“Sweetie, when a girl says she wants you to fuck her like it’s the last night on earth, she means it.”

He stepped up his pace. Emotions flooded him. Is this really our last time? It couldn’t be, not even if she can’t come back…

“Harder,” she said, somewhat muffled, face in the blanket. “Harder.”

He thrust harder and deeper, wondering at her muscles, tightly aroused by her strength and her desperation and her asking for more. Wondering how she could manage to still hold on. Wondering why he hadn’t come yet, considering all that.

Meagan whimpered.

It was not a moan. It was not a sigh of pleasure. It was definitely a whimper of panic. He realized she didn’t have the vibe going any more; she was cramming her whole fist into her crotch, on beyond locked down and trembling now.

“You okay?” he asked.

“Keep going,” she said, but there was something in her voice. He knew what she sounded like when she was screaming with sex and begging for more. This was something else. And it was raw. She sounded… scared.

He pulled out. Her tight-clenched muscles practically forced him out, the last inch.

“I’m sorry,” he said—just as she said, “I’m sorry.”

Nervous chuckles.

“I can’t do it,” he said. “You’re not having fun, are you.”

She sat up, still gripping her crotch. “Um. No.” She blinked several times, rapidly—was she crying?—and said, “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, I just can’t hold it any more, not when you’re fucking me.”

“Just go, love,” he said.

“You’re sure?”

“Yes. Want the trash can?”

“Can’t, we ran out of bags… Oh shit, it’s coming out!” She looked around the room wildly—then simply grabbed the towel with her free hand, jumped off the bed, and rammed the wadded-up terrycloth between her legs.

“I’ll just let a little out…”

“Nope,” Parker said. “Let it all go. All of it.”

She didn’t say anything, but she kept peeing.

The balled-up towel held a remarkable amount. Parts of it were clearly soaked, but not all. Meagan tried to re-wad it so the drier spots were on the outside. Then she sat down on the edge of the bed heavily, shaking uncontrollably. He wrapped her in his arms. “It’s okay, love, it’s okay,” he said.

“How is this okay?” she asked. “How is any of this okay? I wanna make love to my boyfriend, is that so much to ask? But no, my fuckin’ family has to ruin that too!”

“Hey.” He found her mouth and kissed her. Then again. “You can. You will. But not this way.”

“I am so, so sorry.”

“Sorry that you held it as long as you could? Sorry that you tried to do the absolute best to please me? Don’t be.”

“Sorry that I couldn’t do it. Couldn’t hold it. I just was tryin’ to keep my promise…”

“I know. Someday. But not now. Your head’s all over the place, so your heart’s not in this.” He kissed her again and again. In between he said, “You can fuck me like crazy any day. Today we gotta look after you first. Pee first. Tears next, I think…”

And with that she broke down and just bawled. He held her, rocking gently, stroking her hair, until her sobs tapered off.

“Thank you,” she whispered, and sniffed.

“It’s what I do.”

“I know. That’s why I wanted to hold onto you. That’s why I wanted your birthday to be special…”

“No. No past tense, lover. Nothing’s past about us.” He kissed her. “You remember that bit in Lord of the Rings? ‘“Don’t you lose him, Samwise Gamgee,” and I don’t mean to’? Well, I don’t mean to.”

She smiled, sadly, through teared-up eyes. “Yeah, that’s just about the geekiest thing you could have done right now. Especially with the Sean Astin impression.”

“Thank you. I try.”

“And you succeed.” She rested her head against his shoulder. He nuzzled her as she kept talking. “So I don’t know if we can make it, hon. I just don’t. But you’re inspiring me. I won’t give up without a fight. Not if you won’t.”

“And I won’t.”

“I know.”

They cuddled until he realized she was shivering. “You wanna get under the covers?” he said.

“Not until we’ve fucked,” she said.

“That can wait.”

She looked him fierce in the eye. “I said I wanted you to fuck me like it’s the last night on earth. I still want that.”

“You’re sure.”

“Every inch of me wants every inch of you.”

He kissed her. He kissed her eyes, her cheeks, tasting the salt of her tears. He kissed her neck and felt her shiver. He kissed her freckled shoulders, her areolas, her hips. When he slid his tongue between her legs she lay back and twined her fingers through his hair. After a few minutes she pushed him away—more roughly than usual.

“What did I do wrong?” he asked.

“Nothing,” she said, “but I want you somewhere else.” She rolled over onto her hands and knees again.

Not long later:

Her knuckles were white as she clawed and clenched at the sheets and blankets. Her breath was ramping up through “panting” to “hyperventilating,” and she gave little cries, of grief or desire or hope or all at once he could not tell. He could not tell because he was pumping hard, eyes closed, hanging on to her hips to keep from falling out or falling over. Holding on to her hips so he wouldn’t lose her. He wasn’t thinking any more, just feeling, feeling the anguish and the fear, feeling her blissful body working so well with his, a beautiful hungry rhythm. He shifted one hand to her shoulder to get even better leverage as he thrust as deep as he could. She turned her head to kiss his fingers. He came like a starving man: blissed but feeble. She came almost in passing.

Not long later:

They lay together, not wanting to let go even for the clean-up.

“We should pee,” she mumbled. “After a fuck like that, I’m so gonna get a UTI if I don’t pee. And I kinda have to go again anyway…”

“Go ahead.”

“I don’t wanna let go of you.”

“I’ll come with you. I should go, too.”

“I don’t wanna move.”

He rolled over, grabbed the towel off the floor. She kissed him, weakly, wearily, and got herself to the edge of the bed. She squatted, holding herself up with one arm—“I don’t trust my legs”—and holding the towel to her with the other. Parker squatted in front of her and added his own stream to the towel. She leaned forward and kissed him, tenderly.

The towel hit the floor with a splat. They held each other, crouching on the floor, trembling.

“It’s never been like that before,” Parker whispered.

“No. Not with you. ...Or anyone else, really.”

“What did we just do?”

“Whatever it was,” Meagan said, “the real question is, ‘What are we gonna do now?’”

###

That's all there is in this one, folks. Next one's coming. After that ...we'll see.

