I Think You Should Just Pee Your Pants - Page 2

Author: WaityKaty

*028*2017-11-21 14:24

"I think you should just pee your pants."

"I'll be fine." I told Camille through gritted teeth.

"Uh-huh. Sure." Her smile was that slightly irritating know-it-all smirk she has.

Not that she was wrong. I was as desperate to pee as I could remember and was sincerely regretting accepting Camille's challenge to see who who control their bladder longer. I had long believed that men have better bladder control than women, and that Camille in particular, she who wets herself out of convenience, would have a weaker bladder than most women. Apparently not. We had drunk the same jumbo sized post-mix cola drink during the movie, I checked she drank all of hers, but she was driving along without showing any sign that she needed to pee. I, on the other hand, felt as if I was just minutes away for peeing all over her passenger seat.

"I really don't mind if you wet yourself." She offered again. "The seats are vinyl, easy enough to clean up. I've peed myself in this car plenty of times."

At that frank confession I felt myself start to become aroused. How was it possible that in just a few weeks the thought of a pretty girl peeing her pants would change from rather gross to thoroughly appealing? Camille. That was how.

"Do you want me to tell you more about it? About the warm wetness spreading through my crotch and down..."

"No thanks!" Part of me really did want to hear that story, but I didn't want to be thinking to much about pee at that exact moment.

"Suit yourself." She agreed amiably. "I'm pretty sure you are going to know exactly how it felt in a few minutes."

Somehow I managed to hang on. It was pointless pretending it wasn't an emergency so I spent the entire drive back to Camille's place wriggling and bouncing around in my seat. For the last five minutes I resorted to physically holding myself. I honestly wouldn't have been surprised if I had spontaneously erupted and peed all over Camille's car. Maddeningly she insisted she didn't need to pee. I'm almost certain she deliberately hit every red light she could and drove ten under the speed limit.

When we finally pulled up out the front of her house I all but leapt from the car and raced up the begonia lined path to her front door.

"Hurry up and open the door?" I tried not to plead as she took her time walking up to the veranda.

She pressed the doorbell as she replied, "Sorry. I left my house key inside. I realised during the movie. Don't worry though, I texted Anne to check she was home to let us in."

It was probably only about thirty seconds between Camille pressing the doorbell and Anne opening the door, but I swear they were the second longest thirty seconds of my life.

The longest thirty seconds of my life immediately followed. Just as Anne opened the door my bladder, perhaps excited by the bathroom now being just ten unimpeded meters away, gave an almighty spasm and to my horror I found myself unable to stanch, or even stem, a veritable torrent of urine from gushing out of me.

Three pairs of eyes instantly found my crotch where the blue denim was rapidly darkening and licking down my right leg. I was peeing so furiously that I could easily hear both the hissing sound of me going and a steady patter of droplets where the fabric of my jeans was so overwhelmed that they fell directly to the weather-worn timber decking.

I hadn't even quite finished my accident when Camille put her arm around my shoulder and cooed, "There there, at least you feel better now."

To a shell-shocked Anne she rolled her eyes and said, "I warned him not to get the jumbo size."

I took off my shoes and socks and left them at the door to deal with later. Anne retreated to the living room. Camille and I fairly raced to the bathroom. I expected her to dive straight for the toilet. Surely she had to pee? Even if she was pretending she didn't need to. But instead she pulled me against the wall and started unbuckling my drenched pants.

"Oh my god that was so hot!" She whispered fiercely into my ear and pressed her lips hard against mine. Even without looking she had me free of my pants and was rhythmically stroking my immediate erection. "I can't believe you had the balls to just piss yourself in front of Anne like that!"

"I didn't" I confessed.

"Um... Pretty sure you did."

"No, obviously I did. But it wasn't a matter of bravery. I just couldn't wait a second longer." I explained.

She stopped kissing me and pulled her face back from mine. "You had an accident in front of Anne."

Her hand still held me, but it was no longer rubbing and for a moment I wasn't sure whether I'd misjudged her interests and there was a problem. "Yeah." I said in a small voice. I could feel myself swell even more underneath Camille's hand at the renewed embarrassment of this admission.

"Fuck! That's fucking amazing." And then her tongue was in my mouth.

"Put your hand up my skirt." Camille breathed,

I didn't need to be told twice. My hand quickly ran its way up the inside of her thigh until it met with fabric. Her knickers were already damp. No, they were wet. Soaking wet. No one can be that aroused.

"When did you..." I started to ask.

She gave me an impish smile, "The cinema carpark. When I was texting Anne on my phone before I got in the car. I'd never have been able to wait till we got back."

"So I won then? I held it longer than you?"

Camille smirked, "Well in a sense I guess you won. But you did just have a pee accident in front of Anne. So..."

The combination of the evening's excitement, Camille's skilled rubbing, and my discovery that she had also wet herself had me right on the edge of ecstasy and the reminder that Anne had witnessed my embarrassment proved too much for me and I exploded over the front of Camille's t-shirt.

"Good boy." She murmured then kissed me deeply. "Shower?"

*034*2017-11-27 15:11

Thanks everyone! Have a chapter 5 :)

###

"I think you should just pee your pants."

"Oh really?" Camille seemed amused by my whispered suggestion. "Right here? In a crowded coffee shop?"

"Well it would serve the barista right for not letting you use the toilet."

She seemed to consider it for a second, "Nah. I'm sure she doesn't set store policy so making her clean up a puddle isn't cool. Besides, I don't need to pee that badly."

I was half disappointed that she had dismissed my suggestion. I rather fancied Camille wetting herself, and maybe having to feel some of the embarrassment I felt when she maneuvered me into having an accident in front of her roommate, Anne. I had the briefest fantasy of her helplessly drenching her long burnt orange skirt while the coffee shop patrons looked on. But on the other hand I quickly realised that I would have been very embarrassed by my girlfriend wetting herself in public, probably more so than she would have been, knowing her. So as we walked hand-in-hand down the esplanade of the seaside town a couple of hours drive from our university I reflected that I was actually rather relieved that she hadn't taken my teasing seriously.

We browsed an extended series of old wares and second hand bookstores over the next hour or two. That was actually our reason for being in this particular town. While it is more famous for its excellent beaches and surf neither Camille or I particularly care for either sand or the sea. Camille has a thing for antique fans and I have a keen interest in classic sci-fi novels. I picked out a few Azimov's I hadn't read and a lesser known Bova, she ended up choosing a black lacquered fan with a hand painted ocean scene that I carefully tucked in a bag beside my books.

I had expected that Camille would need to find a toilet at some point and I'd been keeping an eye out for a public loo for her without success, though surely the town had to have a toilet block somewhere. By the end of our shopping I was also looking for myself. It wasn't urgent by any means but I definitely didn't want to brave a drive all the way home on a full bladder.

At length we reached the end of the strip of shops and Camille suggested we head home with our purchases. I brought up my need for a toilet break.

"I think you should just pee your pants." Camille said with a twinkle in her eye.

"Ha ha ha." I rolled my eyes at her.

She grinned back. "There's a toilet block back near the carpark."

I hadn't noticed it when she parked her car at the lot overlooking the beach, but Camille seemed sure.

She was right. A squat stone building. Change-rooms for bathers as well as toilets. Which made sense, of course the public toilets would be right next to the beach.

A group of young people, maybe a few years older than us were walking past us when we were almost at the toilet block. The guys were wearing trendy board shorts and no shirts, the girls were all in quite revealing cossies. I'll admit I was subtlety checking them out and considering whether the beach might not be all bad when I heard Camille gasp loudly "Oh no!".

The beach-goers and I turned to look at her. She had lowered herself into a half crouch and jammed her left hand between her legs. Her right hand covered her mouth and her eyes were wide with panic. I heard that steady patter of pee on grass before I saw the wet stains spreading across Camille's skirt. She kept pulling the wet fabric away from her crotch only to grab a different handful of skirt and push her hand against herself once more. Between that and the fact that she was bobbing up and down between an upright stance and a half-squat her skirt ended up almost entirely soaked by the time she was finally finished peeing.

During her accident the beach-goers had just stared in a stunned silence but the moment she was finally finished it was like a spell was broken and they walked quickly away. Snatches of their conversation drifted back to me; "Oh my God!", "Did that just really happen?", "I can't believe that chick just pissed herself!"

I gave Camille a comforting hug, certain she'd be devastated by what had just happened.

"Was that what you wanted?" She asked brightly

I was confused, and told her so. Why wasn't she upset?

"You asked me to wet myself back in the coffee shop." She seemed a little put out.

"So..." I struggled to catch up, "This wasn't an accident?"

She narrowed her eyes, "No. I don't have accidents."

"Really? You've never had an accident?"

She scowled at me, "I've got a change of clothes in the car. Come on."

We walked over to the back of the car-park where we left Camille's car. I felt bad that I hadn't reacted the way Camille wanted to her wetting herself. It wasn't that I hadn't found it sexy, in hindsight it was very sexy. I just hadn't realised that she had meant it to be sexy. I wasn't sure how to explain that. Camille opened the boot of her car and pulled out a towel, knickers, and a long black skirt from a plastic bag. She changed between two cars rather than walk back over to the toilet block in peed clothes. Her wet clothes went into the plastic bag and she tossed that and the towel back in the boot.

"Ready to go?" She asked in a tight voice. It was the first thing she had said to me since we got back to the car.

My bladder sent me warning pangs at the prospect of leaving. "Can I just head to the toilets before we leave?" I asked Camille as she secured the ties on her new skirt.

"No. I don't think so"

"Really?" That wasn't the responce I had expected.

"No. I think I'm ready to leave right now." Her voice was firm with annoyance.

"But I won't be able to hold on all the way home!"

"You'll just have to try." She said with a shrug. "But I'm going to drive off and leave you if you walk over to those toilets."

"I'm serious Cami. I'm really busting. If I get in the car without peeing I'm not sure I'll make it all the way back."

"In that case I think you should just pee your pants. There's no point struggling through an uncomfortable car ride if you are just going to end up wetting yourself anyway."

I didn't particularly want to wet myself. Especially not in public, even if no one was nearby, so I decided I would just get in the car an see how it went. Hopefully Camille would either relent and stop at a petrol station or something or I'd surprise myself and hold on the whole way home. And if not... at least Camille's car wasn't too hard to clean.

"I'll try to hold on." I said grimly.

"No. I've changed my mind. I really think you should just pee your pants. I don't want you distracting me by spending the trip fidgeting and bouncing around." She said firmly.

"Really?"

"Yep. Pee yourself."

There was something in Camille's voice that I didn't want to disobey. So I peed my pants. There by the side of Camille's car in the car-park of a seaside town I relaxed my bladder and thoroughly soaked my shorts. By this stage the now familiar feel of hot pee soaking my underwear and running down my legs had become quite arousing in its own right. I found I had to start pushing in order to maintain a strong stream as my body was attempting to become erect. When I had finished I saw I'd made a rather sizable puddle on the asphalt. It was slowly trickling away from me under the next car over due to some slight slope unnoticeable to the eye.

"I don't have a change of clothes." I suddenly remembered in dismay.

"You should probably start carrying one if you are going to keep wetting yourself." Camille observed dryly. "You can wrap my towel around you."

While driving all the way back wearing only a towel didn't promise to be the most comfortable of trips wearing peed shorts for hours would be worse, so I striped off quickly, wrapped the towel around my waist and jumped in the passenger seat of Camille's car. Camille slid into the driver's seat and turned on the engine and air conditioner. She turned to me with an unreadable expression on her face.

"I may have reconsidered whether I really want to leave straight away." She finally smiled and slipped a hand under my towel.

###

{{On 11/24/2017 at 7:31 AM, HPattern said:

Awesome. Loving this story, especially the interactions with her roommate lol...

}}

We might get some more Anne in chapter 6...

{{On 11/22/2017 at 5:43 AM, Humil said:

Normally I have no interest in stories with male wetting, but I'm liking this one.

I do feel that her knack for humiliating him should backfire at some point though.

}}

I'm glad! Did this chapter count? If not we might still get there...

*038*2017-11-29 04:16

{{On 11/28/2017 at 2:39 AM, AliasnameTO said:

These have been consistently excellent. Camille is out of control! She and the narrator are both the most indulgent of treats to read about. And I'd also look forward to Anne's participation in the next one.

Thanks for this fantastic contribution. <33

}}

She is right!? I was somewhat on the fence about the degree to which she was still likable in the last chapter but I think it fleshed her characterization out a bit.

{{On 11/28/2017 at 5:28 AM, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent I'm looking forward to reading more

}}

Ta!

{{On 11/28/2017 at 9:37 AM, Manowar said:

I love this story (better to say: I love you for this story). It is really exciting. I like the part of Camille's wetting, but the narrator's one is excellent too.

I wonder if Anne knows that Camille is into omorashi and how she come up with that. Once I wrote the story about a young lady who drove her roommate into it so maybe Camille will be able to do the same with Anne?

Anyway it was great chapter and I would be appreciated to read chapter 6 of this story. And btw: is the narrator live with Camille or just spend some nights with her? And what about Anne? Does she have boyfriend now? In my opinon Anne may be also very interesting heroine of this story. If she is not wetting herself, she could humiliate the narrator or/and Camille. Did you think about this?

}}

It's hard to say what Camille and Anne know about each other, the narrator doesn't know much at this stage.

He just sleeps over sometimes. In my head, though this isn't strictly canon because it's not in the story itself at this stage, he lives in one of the university dorms. Anne doesn't have a boyfriend at the moment. A chapter I ended up scrapping/delaying dealt with that a bit. I've been considering what, if anything, I'd like to do with her.

*044*2017-12-04 15:05

Sex tag again for chapter 6. You've been warned! :p

###

I woke up disoriented, groggy, and two seconds before I peed myself.

I did try to hold it to begin with, but my bladder was far too full and my muscles were far too weak. I was quickly overwhelmed by a surge of desperation as unstoppable as holding back the tide with a broom. Every time I managed to stem my stream the irresistible urge would return ever more fiercely. It was hopeless. I helplessly poured my bladder into Camille's bed.

"Cami?" I shook her shoulder gently. I hoped she wouldn't mind what had just happened even though she would surely be tired.

"Mrmm..." She struggled to wake up. "What time is it?"

I didn't know. Early. It was nearly pitch dark. I could see a vague shape that suggested Camille but nothing more of her.

"Have you wet the bed?" My wet patch must have extended to her. "I'm not surprised with the amount of beer you put away last night."

"You drank just as much." I said defensively.

"Mrmm. And I didn't even wet the bed."

"Well you don't have accidents." I quoted her.

"Nope." She agreed. "So... Shower? Or sex?

I answered her with a kiss that started awkwardly as I struggled to find her mouth in the darkness. Her hand brushed against my penis, already rock hard in anticipation.

"Sex it is then." She said agreeably.

I ran my hands down Camille's body, surprised to find her naked, she usually slept in undies at the very least. Then I remembered we had had drunken sex when we got back from the party the night before. I'd probably fallen asleep straight afterward, sex does that to me, without remembering to go to the toilet. That explained the bed-wetting. My hand found its way between her legs and I began to lightly stroke the length of her vulva. My fingers becoming rapidly slick with her arousal.

Camille gave a quiet moan of appreciation and after a few minutes declared enigmatically, "All things considered, I suppose I may as well join you."

I was only confused for a moment before a scalding wave began washing over my hand. Camille must have badly needed to pee because it seemed to go on for minutes. I didn't slow my attentions.

"Left and right." She instructed. I adjusted to suit, moving my fore and middle fingers steadily over her clit. I could feel her pee make it's way across the bed under me, warming my cooling contribution.

"I did have an accident once." Camille said out of nowhere.

"Oh really?"

"Just once." She lapsed into silence. I wondered if I was meant to ask for details.

"It was just before I moved down here for uni." I knew Camille had lived up the coast for most of high school, she'd come out to Australia about six or seven years ago when her dad got a job designing a coal loader, or something like that. "I'd only turned eighteen a month or so before, in the middle of exams so I couldn't celebrate properly. But after exams my friends and I started hitting the pub. Accumulating some good times before we scattered across the country."

My contribution was nothing more than "Mmms". I didn't want to derail a chance to hear Camille explain her accident.

"It was probably only the second or third time I went to the pub. I was drunk. On beer. It goes right through you don't you know?" She was teasing, I could imagine her mocking grin even if I couldn't see it. "It was my shout and while I was waiting at the bar for the barchick to work out how to make some tourist's cocktail I realised I really had to pee. Faster." The last was an instruction. I rubbed her clit faster as she lifted her hips slightly to press herself against my hand.

"I figured I could wait. I didn't know then that when you are drinking beer and you need to pee you have to go pee straight away. So I held it until she served me my schooners and I brought them back to my mates. Of course I ran off to the loo straight after that." She paused for either dramatic effect or because of what my fingers were doing to her, "but by then it was too late."

I desperately wanted more details but she seemed to consider the story complete. "Round and round." She panted.

Eventually I asked, "What happened?"

"Mrmm?"

"When you were in the pub? And had... your accident?"

"Oh! I didn't quite make it to the toilet. It started running down my legs as soon as I got to the ladies'. I was wearing a dress so it didn't really show, but my knickers were so wet by the time I got in the stall I just sat down and went through them."

I honestly thought I might come without even touching myself when she said that. "What did you do after that?"

She was distracted. I could tell from her breathing she was nearing release. "Dried myself off with loo roll and went back to drinking with my mates."

"Wearing wet underwear."

"Uh-huh. It was actually really arousing wetting myself like that. I didn't know that I'd like it before that happened. It's really what got me into pee in a sexual kinda way."

"And no one ever realised you were wet under your dress?" I fantasied about reliving such a scenario with Camille in the near future.

"Oh I told them when I got back to the table! It was a funny story."

"They didn't tease you?" I was shocked she would admit to peeing herself to her friends.

"Of course not. You might need to get better friends. Faster."

She was definitely close now, she squirmed beneath the rapid vibration of my cramping hand.

"We just had a good laugh. A few of the others told their own pee stories. And that was that."

I wanted to ask about her friends pee stories but wasn't sure it was a good time. Regardless, Camille took the decision away from me by orgasming under my touch.

"I want you!" She said firmly and pulled me on top of her. I was inside her within moments, and ejaculating, disappointingly, electrically, on the second thrust.

"You liked my story then?" The teasing voice was back.

I mumbled a post-coital assent and flopped back against the wet sheets.

She gave me a few minutes to recover, maybe she needed them herself.

"You get the sheets in the washer, I'll make the bed." She had the lights on and was already stripping the bed before I'd even gotten up. "And get in the shower. I'll join you in a sec."

I staggered down the corridor, wet sheets in arms. I probably did see that the light was on in the bathroom before I went in. I don't remember it registering with me though. Maybe I was in a post-orgasmic haze, maybe I just assumed it had been left on. I certainly didn't expect to walk in on Anne. She was bending over the washing machine, putting in the detergent. She was wearing a thin lilac nightie, though it was stained violet with moisture from her shoulder blades all the way down to the hem that clung wetly to the back of her thighs. I was thankful I'd only just come or I'm sure I would have developed an extra embarrassing problem.

Anne heard the bathroom door open and spun around almost before I could register what she was wearing. The front of her nightie was much dryer, though the violet wetness was still visible on her right hip. We both jumped from the surprise of running into each other in the middle of the night.

"Sorry!" We said together. I laughed with jangling nerves.

"Do you have some washing to do as well?" Anne nodded toward the bundled sheets I was holding in front of my crotch.

I blushed. "Yeah."

"Just pop them in the machine. There's enough room for two sets." She was blushing as well.

"I'm actually not wearing anything at the moment..."

"Oh! Um... I can close my eyes for a bit? And... do you mind if I have the first shower?"

"No no. That's fine." This was possibly the most embarrassing conversation of my life. It probably was for Anne as well. "I'll just put these in the machine then..."

Anne turned around and let me put my wet things in the washer. I took the chance to give her wet sleepwear a long look. She must have peed herself lying on her back. A full bladder as well by the look of it. I could feel the blood starting to return to my penis so I quickly sliped out of the room and went back to Camille's bedroom. She was just pulling the fitted sheet over the last corner of the mattress. She raised a questioning eyebrow at me.

"Anne is having a shower first." I answered her unspoken question.

"In the middle of the night? Why would she be having a..." Camille trailed off, "Oh. She wet the bed as well?"

"Big time." I said in confirmation.

"Well I did tell you she does that sometimes." Camille said with a shrug.

"Of course, we are going to have to find something to do while we wait..." She said as she sat down on the end of her bed with her legs well apart.

###

{{On 12/1/2017 at 5:27 PM, mikey mike said:

Another brilliant chapter Katy; I for one can't wait to see how you lead the story onwards. for my part I'd love to know how Camille got into OMO in the first place. Perhaps a little discussion between her and the narrator at some point?

}}

Yep. That's literally what I was doing next! Good guess!

{{On 12/2/2017 at 8:00 PM, Humil said:

I'd like to see her in a position where she's genuinely embarrassed. I felt like in this chapter, she wasn't really too worried because it was strangers watching.

A well-written chapter, nonetheless.

}}

It's not really in Camille's character to be embarrassed by much, certainly nothing pee related. Without too many boring writing process related comments. I write a character concept block before a story. Unflappable and brazen are Camille's defining characteristics!

{{On 12/3/2017 at 1:28 PM, pee23567 said:

I just finished reading all the chapters and I must say, these are VERY well done! I'll be eagerly awaiting the next instalment. :)

}}

Thanks!

