Ann's Date

Author: Wetbynoon

*000*2019-08-06 08:16

Ann was a red head, five foot six with green, mischievous eyes. Tonight was date night, an important occasion on its own, but this instance would be exceptional by all her means. Ann pre-gammed her evening with a glass of wine, two shots of espresso, a glass of iced tea and some water; all were gulped down in rapid succession in the bathroom minutes before her date arrived. In the ripples following a heart-break, she had abandoned notions of romance, and had her mind aligned more strongly with her whims and fancies that flitted to, from and beyond normal.

He walked into the room, suit, neatly trimmed beard. All signs of affluence and elegance, undoubtedly under the spell of Ann's mysterious energy. She showed him to the dining area and asked him to take a seat. Her legs already to began to twitchily bend and twist at the knees, and the fabric of her short red dress slid against her round, and for the time, dry, ass. A flood waited, building under her clit. The pressure in her tummy grew in tandem with her arousal, and buy the time she was seated a small damp patch had grown over her vulva.

He didn't notice her shifting until halfway through the dinner. So far, it had been great conversation, and he couldn't help but to notice that she seemed aroused; all good signs to the gentleman. What he was unaware of was that when her eyes seemed most glazed over and wanting, they shared the same moment that a leak she couldn't hold back warmed her thighs, drenched her panties, and pooled under her bottom.

"Are you alright," he asked?

Ann blushed and smiled down to her plate and empty glass of water. She let out a giggle, and bounced up and down in her seat. "I'm just sad because I like talking with you, and I don't want to leave, but-"

"Do you need to take off?"

"No, I need to pee!" Ann giggled more as urine sprinkled out of her.

"Oh. Well, you can go use the bathroom. I'll still be out here when you get back."

"Well, that's very sweet of you, but I'm not sure if standing is a good idea right now. It's only slightly bearable sitting down." She leaned forward, a grimace clear on her face, and poured another glass of water. The date watched in suspense as she gulped down the glass. "You know what? It'll be fine. Tell me more about your job and i'll just slip to the ladies room before dessert."

They continued to talk for forty minutes, the lines in the man's face growing into deeper fissures of worry as glass after glass she emptied the water pitcher, and had now asked him to refill it. Soon, their meals were finished, and dessert had come and gone. Now, the two had only coupled glasses of wine between them, both emptying and refilling in tandem. After the wine had done its work, and the two were healthily buzzed, the date had forgotten his anxiety over her cute little predicament. She was obviously fine, in terms both objective and subjective. Her curves were not well hidden in the tight green dress she wore, and her strawberry, golden-red hair draped curvedly around the protrusion of her breast. The gentleman couldn't help but feel aroused, seeing her panicked look, her lower lip tucked back between her teeth.

After what felt like only minutes to the man, hours had gone by, and Ann's underwear was soaked from arousal and un-held urine. She had remained dry to this point. She told her date that it was time for her to go to bed, and that he should show himself out.

"I had a really good time getting to know you, Ann."

He bent over and kissed her on the forehead. She looked back up to him pleadingly. He understood and got his coat and left to give her some privacy. As soon as the door closed, Ann tried to stand, and was met with a strong pain in her bladder. She fell to the floor and moaned in pleasure as hot piss shot out of her in jets, making a rhythmic rain sound as its drops hit the hard-wood floor. When she was empty, she lay drenched from head to foot in a puddle the diameter of her height. It was in this warm, sexy stew that she thought of her date three times before her clit got sore and she got up to shower and go to bed.

Date night was very special to Ann indeed.

