The Gentleman Rocks the Suburbs

Author: Weasel

*000*2017-09-23 01:23

(Female Desperation/Wetting/Humiliation)

Hey, all. There is a story after this, I promise, but a little background, first:

This story is the second in a series. The first one is here: The Gentleman's First Encounter

. I've written four so far and I'm working on the fifth. They're based off of some stories I wrote years ago, but I'm updating them to make them more age-appropriate -- and because I'm a better writer now.

One of the ways I wanted to improve these stories (and all my fic) is by improving my characters. So these stories are written as a character arc for the hero, Parker, as he wrestles with his fetish.

These stories aren't autobiographical -- I'm definitely not Parker, and none of these stories actually happened. (Loosely based on actual events? Some of them, yes. But only extremely loosely. I can explain more if people want.) But Parker's arc of being revolted with himself and then coming to terms with it? That's totally me. I've come a long way, but I can still remember when I felt this particular fetish was utterly terrible.

Because of all that, this story is more about the people involved than about the actual fetish content -- there's some, but not much, and the story is kind of a downer. Fair warning! (On the other hand, maybe it's totally somebody's thing? I guess I'll see!)

But in the immortal words of Dan Savage, "It gets better." Just not in this particular story.

(And for the record, the advice given by Parker's online friends in this story is not very good -- especially the one in red text.)

Quick question to everybody before I get to the story -- how do I post tags? Is that something that I can get when I'm no longer a newbie? I'd like to label it properly.

With no further ado...

###

It took Parker nearly a week to muster up the courage to text Annie...

Hey whats up?

...And when she didn't reply right away, he began to feel increasingly foolish. Maybe she felt more embarrassed than she'd let on? Maybe she'd realized later on how hard he'd been? Maybe she thought he was a total pervert...

Oh hi! I'm so so sorry I didn't see this, I was practicing

But I'm done for the day now

So nothing's up. You? : )

Okay, so clearly she didn't think he was a total pervert. Well, that was good. (Maybe she only thought he was kinda perverted?)

Hey, just hangin out

What r u practicing?

Same piece I was working on earlier

Want to hear it?

Sure

Still nvr hrd u play

You want to come over?

He tried to quell all his panic and play it cool. Fortunately, there was the perfect text for that:

Sure

Come on then!

So he went over. Her mom answered the door, which put some of his wilder hopes to rest. Her mom seemed surprised to see him, but she knew him by sight and by name and let him in. Annie came downstairs just then, and thanked her mom for letting Parker in. She was wearing...

Wow. He'd never seen her wear anything like that at school. Running shorts and a tank top? And the ponytail was back, he was glad to see... God, she was hot!

“Let me just get my violin,” Annie said, “and then let's go out on the patio.”

So much for getting into her room. But hey, he'd happily watch her play wearing that...

“I'm sorry I'm kinda under-dressed,” she said as she closed the sliding patio door behind her.

“I don't mind,” he said mildly.

She grinned at him, over her bare shoulder, as she got out her violin. “You're always so nice, Parker, that's why I like you.”

Then she put the instrument to her shoulder, and straightened up, and for all that she was still wearing short blue running shorts and a white tank top and a pink bra (he could see the straps), she looked like she was wearing some elegant flowing dress.

And then she played.

By the time she was finished, he had the world's biggest crush on her, and by the time he'd finished his first sentence, she knew it.

~~~~~

After that he was over at Annie's house, or she was over at his, at least every other day.

Largely cut off from his friends as he was by the lack of computer—for he was closer with many of his online friends than he was with school friends—he had little else to do. Annie had to practice, which took a couple hours a day, and she also did yoga with her mom, and of course she had weekly violin lessons. But other than that they had a lot of time for each other, and so things went fast.

Hey how was your lesson this time?

Much more relaxing than the last one! ; ) And more productive too.

Can't wait to here it

You'll hear it soon.

God why can i not spell

Practice makes perfect : )

Why do i get the feeling you say that alot?

~~~~~~~

A week and a half after Annie's bursting ride home, they went out to the movies: a midnight showing of the summer blockbuster that officially came out the next day. Annie rested her head on his shoulder on the bus ride home, and when he walked her to her front door, she stood hugging him for a long time. But their first kiss was the next day, under the 4th of July fireworks.

And all through it, practically every day, Parker remembered the sight of Annie dashing into the bathroom, and the sound of her peeing, and jacked off furiously.

Summer barreled on. Somehow it was going far too fast.

Getting his computer back made Parker's time go by fairly quickly; he had gaming to catch up on. But he didn't spend as much time on it as he'd expected, since he and Annie were hanging out most days at some point or other. They rarely made plans, but would text each other pretty regularly, and would get together whenever it worked out.

Moreover, while any given day with Annie was wonderful, Parker kept noticing that time kept going by without his getting what he really wanted. Or at least, not all of it. They would make out, and that was sweet; but if he felt her up, she would gently move his hands back to other parts of her. Plus she almost always dressed up a bit, especially to go out, even though he really liked it when she was just wearing shorts and a tank top. The skirts and sundresses were nice, but not really what he liked best.

And of course he wanted even more of what had brought them together.

Annie occasionally made jokes about it, but usually in the form of “I'd better be careful, don't want a repeat of that bus trip...” as she headed off to the bathroom. She never, ever, got anywhere near desperate. And for that Parker was glad—he didn't want her suffering, after all. But he also craved it. The fact that he was fantasizing about it every night, after he and Annie went their separate ways, said just how much he craved it; but he felt so bad about it, too. He wished she would let him do something sexual with her; it might take the edge off.

He took counsel with one of his online gamer friends.

Just get her drunk, man

She'll wanna get down with the p-man, then

Parker momentarily did a double-take at the nickname, then had to chuckle. His friend went on:

Besides, if she don't wanna, just get her even more drunk

You can do what you want, then, and she wont even remember

Dude. your talking rape.

Nonono

Chicks get craaaaaazy when they get shitfaced.

Relax, you'll get laid

Man, i don't wanna roofie her or anything. i just wish she'd unwind, yknow?

That's what beer is for, dude!

At that, Parker took counsel with one of his other gamer friends.

...im just like, this has been great, but i just wanna bit more

Have you talked to her about it/

*?

Not really

Seriously, man, communication is where its at. My gf and I, we're all about good commo

It's like, can you expect a team to work a level right if they don't talk to each other?

You wanna level up, you gotta talk to her.

Scary

All good things are, my friend

Srsly

But what if she says no

Then youre not a team any more, are you?

Should i tell her that?

Oh, shit no

That's a one-way ticket to singleland

Think about it. “fuck with me or Im out” <-- really?

She'll be like“fuck that shit”

Only not literally

Haha

No, just talk to her

Say whats on your mind

And youre going to college soon anyway, right? That's what this is all about?

Yeah

Well, if she says no, you wait a couple weeks, and then suddenly, boom: College. The Lnad of Fucking

*Land

Rofl

Thanks man

So as August wore on, and Parker's day of departure drew nearer, he texted Annie.

Hey

Hey there, handsome

What's up?

I've been thinking

What about?

Im thinking about when I leave for college

That's soon right?

Which is coming right up

Yeah

Two weeks

I wanna have a good time before I go

Like a party?

No, just you and me

Okay

What did you have in mind?

Parker hesitated, for a long minute, and Annie texted him again.

Still there?

Yeah. Just trying to think of how to say it

Just say what you want

Ummmm

I want something to remember you by

…

Oh, I get it

Do you?

You're talking about sex, aren't you?

Oh thank god

I didnt no how to say that without sounding sketchy

Hehe

You're cute when you're embarassed : )

I am? i mean, good

Hahaha

Okay, here's the thing.

I like you, Parker, but I'm not gonna have sex with you

I'm a virgin

And I'm gonna stay that way for now

I'm not ready for that

Ok

But we can have a good time without doing that, okay?

Ok

And don't worry. You're gonna have fun, trust me.

And it'll be just you and me. ; )

She wouldn't say anything more specific after that, but suggested they set a date two nights before Parker had to leave.

Why 2 nights?

It'll be helpful. Trust me.

~~~~~

The day approached, and Parker was both excited and nervous. He knew he wasn't going to get what he really wanted, so he'd lowered his expectations... but still, his expectations were running pretty darn high. And so he was worried. Annie had promised him fun, yes, but...

In the end, he asked one of his friends about fake IDs. His friend replied that he couldn't get a fake ID that fast... but his parents went through a fair amount of beer pretty quickly, and wouldn't notice a few cans missing. For a fee, those cans could be in Parker's hands.

And so Parker headed off to meet Annie with beers in his bag and a bad feeling in his stomach...

~~~~~

It was one of those long summer evenings, though the days were getting shorter this far into August. But the evening air was pleasantly cool after a hot day, and Parker felt refreshed.

Annie was waiting on the front step of her house. And... she was dressed in a tank top and shorts, flip-flops on her feet. That was promising.

She stood up to meet him, and he saw she also had a bag with her—bigger than her usual purse.

“What's that?” he said, after they'd kissed hello.

“You'll see,” she said.

“And where are we going?”

“You'll see!”

She took him by the hand and led him back down the block, past his house, and to the little park a few blocks away—the park she'd wondered about having bathrooms, on that fateful walk home. They went in through the back entrance. The park was fairly dark, because it had no lights, but it did have trees. Aside from the bark-covered playground and the basketball court, it was all fairly roofed-over with leaves and branches. It was dark enough that all the kids were gone.

Annie led the way to the swingset.

“Have a seat,” she urged him, as Parker stood awkwardly by.

“We're going swinging?”

“Of course! I love to come out here and swing, peeking up at the stars between the trees...”

Parker sat down on an adjacent swing and started to halfheartedly push back and forth.

“But that's not all we're doing tonight,” Annie said.

“Why? What else...?”

“My older sister,” Annie said, “is awesome.” And from her larger-than-usual bag she pulled out a large water bottle. She passed it over to him. “Have a drink!”

Parker took a sip, and then drank a larger swallow. “Tastes kinda like Sprite.”

“It is Sprite. But not just Sprite.”

“Whoa. I just now tasted it. What is that?”

“Vodka, I think.”

“Your older sister made this?”

“Yep. I told her you wanted to have a good going-away party and she said 'Leave it to me.' Let me have some, please?”

“Heh. Great minds think alike.”

“Oh?”

Parker pulled out his cans of beer.

Annie laughed. “Well, we're pretty well equipped, then, aren't we? And this is why I said two nights before. If you get a hangover it won't matter.”

So they swung on the swings and traded the bottles and cans back and forth. They quickly agreed that the beer was much, much worse than the vodka and Sprite, but they drank it anyway, since it had been harder to acquire.

And soon swinging on the swings was the best thing ever, and though they still had enough presence of mind to keep their voices down—for there were houses that backed up onto the park—they were having a wonderful time. Parker was drinking a little faster than Annie, and soon he had to pee.

“Do you wanna go back to your house?” Annie asked.

“I don't think that would be a good idea,” Parker said, thinking of his parents. “Can we go back to yours?”

“Uh, no...” Annie said. “My mom's home.”

“My parents are home, too. And they would totally figure out we've been drinking.”

“There aren't any bathrooms here, are there?”

“We decided there weren't, remember?”

Annie giggled, a little nervously. “So what are you going to do?”

Parker jumped off the swing and went over to a tree. “Guys don't need a bathroom, remember?”

“Ewww,” Annie said, mock-girlishly.

“What?” Parker said. “It's just pee.”

“I guess.”

They swung some more. It got darker. Annie was getting quieter, and was swinging less enthusiastically. The stars were coming out.

“Hey,” Annie said at one point. “Let's go.”

“Go where?” Parker said. “Can't go home yet, can we?”

“Uh, right.”

They talked a bit more, and then Annie started dragging her feet to slow her swing down. She said, “Come on. I've got something to show you.”

“What?”

“You'll see.”

She got off the swing and went over to the play structure. It was right in the middle of the bark-covered area, and she started climbing up it.

“I haven't been on this thing in years,” Parker said, following her.

At the top of the play structure Annie took his hand and, with her other, pointed up. “Look at the stars.”

And there were indeed stars. They stood there watching them for a moment.

“So, were the stars what you were going to show me?”

“Part of it,” Annie said, and turned to him, and kissed him.

They made out on the play structure for a while. But then she took his hands, held them in hers, and pressed them to her chest—right between her boobs. She just looked at him for a moment, then said, “Watch.”

She took a step back, which brought her up against the railing of the play structure. She seemed to hesitate for a moment, and then in one quick movement, she pulled her shirt off. She was wearing a halter-top bikini underneath. Parker watched intently.

She stood like that for a moment, posing a bit, and then—shyly—she reached behind her and undid the strings that held the bikini closed at the back. They fell loose, and the cups came away from her breasts, but didn't reveal anything. Then she ducked her head, pulled the halter off, and dropped the bikini on the floor of the structure, next to her shirt.

“I told you you'd see,” she said quietly.

Parker stood, amazed, transfixed. He was barely daring to breathe. Her nipples were dark against her pale skin.

“You can touch them, if you want,” Annie said, a little hurriedly. “Just there, though, nothing else.”

Parker stepped forward, and laid his hands on her shoulders, but didn't move to touch her for a moment. When she looked at him, he said, “I just wanna remember this. For a long time.”

She blushed, which was visible even in the dark, and said nothing.

Then Parker couldn't help himself any more. He took each breast in one hand—gently, at first. “They're kinda squishy,” he said. Which was not entirely true: her nipples were hard.

Annie giggled nervously.

Parker kissed her, still clutching her breasts, and kissed her, and kissed her, until suddenly she pulled away with a little sob.

“What's wrong?” he asked.

“Nothing,” she said, and kissed him back, but then she had to pull away again. Suddenly he realized that her leg was jiggling and she seemed very stiff, uncomfortable.

“Seriously, what's wrong?”

“I... it's just...” She buried her face in her hands.

“What?”

“Oh, you're gonna be so mad at me...”

“Why? What's wrong?”

It took her a moment but finally she got it out: “I'm so sorry. I had it all planned out. I asked my sister what we could do and she said I should just use my hand, that was perfectly safe. And so I wanted to let you see me and then I'd use my hand on you and Abbie said that you'd like it, but I gotta pee so bad I can't do it, I just can't wait...”

Compassion and lust surged in Parker's mind, in equal measure. Combined with the alcohol, it made for total confusion.

“Uh...” he said.

“I'm sorry, Parker,” Annie said, collecting her clothes. “I wish I could, I really do, but I'm gonna wet my pants right now if I don't go.”

“So go,” Parker said.

Annie pulled her bikini top back on.

“Seriously, just go,” Parker said. “And, um, I don't think you need to put clothes on...”

“I gotta go back to my house, of course I need clothes,” Annie snapped. “Oh god, it hurts, I gotta go, I gotta go...”

This was all inflaming Parker's lust even more than the boobs. “Annie...”

Annie didn't bother with her shirt. She scrambled down the ladder to the bark on the ground below, losing a sandal in the process. She hopped over to reclaim it, and then suddenly she bent over and groaned a little. Parker hurried down to join her.

“I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,” Annie said. It was basically a chant.

“Sweetheart, just go behind a tree or something,” Parker suggested.

Annie shook her head vigorously. “I gotta go home, I... I gotta go...”

She made a sudden dash toward the end of the park where they'd come in. But she only made it a few steps because she gasped again, and stopped dead. Then she yanked down her shorts and dropped to a squat.

Parker stared at her bare butt, and listened to the rush of pee. Quieter than when she'd used the toilet, it splattered on the bark and sank into the ground.

“Don't look,” Annie said with a sob, but Parker couldn't look away. It was all he could do not to unzip his pants and cum right there.

As before, Annie pissed fast. Just a few seconds after she'd crouched down, she stood up again abruptly, hauling up her shorts. She had to wiggle to get her shorts and panties back over her but, since she'd yanked them up too fast and they got caught underneath. Then she quickly pulled on her tank top. Once again clothed, she looked down at her legs to inspect the damage.

“Oh god,” she whispered.

“Annie...”

She took a step back. “Don't touch me. I peed myself. I've got pee all over my legs,” she said.

“It's okay.”

“How could it be okay? I was gonna... I was gonna make you so happy, and then... then...”

Parker reached out for her, but she drew back.

“It's all right,” Parker said, straining for the words to both reassure her and still get that hand job.

“I'm so sorry,” Annie said. “I have to go home.”

“Annie, you've—” He cut off. How could he say that she'd turned him on so much? How could he admit that her suffering was, to him, so good?

She hesitated, started to move away again, hesitated. Then she turned back to him. He couldn't tell if there really was pee running down her legs. She looked small, and humiliated, and he could see that she was crying.

“I'm so sorry, Parker,” she said, and then she ran.

And he stood there, watching her go, replaying the whole thing over and over in his mind: desperation, peeing, humiliation, tears. He was rock-hard, desperate for his own release, and terribly ashamed. He stopped, hand on the button of his fly, not sure what to do, when the memory of her standing topless on the play set came back to his mind. He fumbled at his zipper but it was too late. He wet his own pants in a different way, cumming so hard he staggered, helpless before the wave of sexual need, furious with himself for what he'd done.

###

Hey

You there?

Are you okay?

Id like to see you before I go

Im not upset about last night

You there?

…

Guess not

*006*2017-09-28 04:19

Thanks all! I will try to get Chapter 3 posted this weekend but no promises... and maybe Chapter 4 the weekend after that. But then I'm out of finished material and I'll have to slow down a bit. But I've got ideas for at least eight more stories.

...And srsly, thanks, everyone. With a couple of exceptions, my fetish has been an extremely lonely part of my life, and I'm really touched by the kind words.

