Sebastian's Stardrop Saloon Situation

Author: wetpolkadots

*000*2026-02-24 20:46

Hi! Haven't written in awhile, thought I'd try some fanfiction today. I just imagined Seb in this situation and got flustered and had to write it. Contains some Sebastian x Sam. Also contains some homophobic dick being a jerk in the bathroom. I see the whole main friend group as being in their early 20s here, obviously all over 21 as they're drinking in the saloon. Might put this on AO3 too later; if you recognize me there, well uh, no you don't, haha. Enjoy!

By the way, I have commissions open! I haven't posted prices yet, but please message me if interested. I write M, F, trans (specialty FTM, like me!), M/M, F/F, pretty much whatever and I also write for other kinks!

___

The Stardrop Saloon was packed. Overlapping, excited conversations filled the air, along with the smell of delicious food and the deep boom of Gus welcoming the tourists and taking their orders. The Fair was tomorrow, and some of the out-of-towners liked to make a little vacation of it, spending the day taking in the sights of the valley and the night eating Gus' spaghetti and drinking themselves silly.

Some of these out-of-towners (and Alex) were hogging the pool table, so Sebastian and his friends had settled on the blue couch, which really wasn't made for four. Sam was pressed up into the far corner, squished against Sam, who was squished against Abigail and Shane. Leah and Elliott sat next to him on the red couch, absorbed in a conversation about midcentury performance artists who Sebastian had never heard of. Between them stood some tourists, chatting amongst themselves about the pool game.

Despite the change in routine, Sebastian should have been thrilled to be so close to Sam. He should have been his normal self, listening to Abigail's mining stories, enjoying the gentle warmth shared between his friends, Sam's knee pressing into his own.

There was one problem. Sebastian had to pee.

He'd spent the day helping out the farmer with some chores; they'd promised him some sashimi for his troubles, so he'd dutifully milked cows, harvested crops and gotten everything ready for the grange display tomorrow. The farmer had been insistent that Sebastian drink lots of water to stay properly hydrated; something about having passed out from exhaustion one too many times themself. He found himself running to the outhouse behind the barn many times that day, but some of that water hadn't finished making its way through his system, and the two beers he'd drank with his friend wouldn't help matters much.

The orientation of the couches and crush of people around him would make getting up to pee difficult. He couldn't just stand up; he'd had to awkwardly clamber onto the blue couch and scoot over here, as the space right in front of him was blocked by the arm of the other couch. If he wanted to get up, he'd have to interrupt the conversation to ask Sam, then work his way through a crowd to the bathroom.

So there he was, pressing his legs together and sipping his third pint of beer as he listened to Sam give the rest of the group a primer on skateboarding, Abigail occasionally cutting in to correct him.

"Yeah, ollies look really cool but they're pretty basic," he heard Sam explaining to the rest of the group. "Even Seb can do them."

Sebastian reddened. "What do you mean, 'even Seb'?" he retorted. Whether by embarrassment or sheer coincidence, a wave of desperation washed over him, and he squeezed his legs together. harder Maybe when this one passed, he reasoned, he would ask to use the bathroom. "I just haven't been skateboarding for as long as you. Give me a couple more months and I'll start skating circles around you, blondie."

"I'll kick your ass!" Sam threatened jokingly, punching Sebastian's arm. Sebastian punched him back, then froze. Just the effort of putting his body into a punch, even a joke one, had caused a tiny drop of piss to escape from his cock. His face got even more red as he slowly sat backwards.

Fuck. Seb needed to go worse than he thought. He needed to go NOW. He'd ask to get up right--

Abigail's eyes widened. "Speaking of kicking ass, I NEED to tell you guys about the mines last night."

She launched into a story about her previous night's expedition: how far she'd gotten, the strange creatures she'd seen, the dangerous scrapes she'd gotten into. It was a great story, and Sebastian tried to listen, but as she dragged on he began to feel more and more distracted. He squeezed his legs together harder, shifting his weight, rubbing his legs against each other, trying to find a comfortable position.

The minutes ticked by. Abigail's eyes were glittering now; she was clearly reaching the best part of her story. Everyone's eyes were locked on her. Sebastian could barely focus on a word she was saying. He was getting frantic, clenching his teeth, balling his hands into fists and shoving them into his pockets, just waiting for her to be done.

He made one more earnest attempt to listen. Maybe he could interject if the excitement ever let up.

"So after I climbed down the ladder," "it was quiet. Eerily quiet. All I could hear was a little trickle of water."

Fuck.

"I adjusted my headlamp," Abigail continued pleasantly, "and found an underground pool! You could hear the stalactites dripping into it, it was insane. It flowed into this crevice in the rock..."

A bead of sweat formed on Sebastian's brow, slowly trickled down it. He tried to pay attention to her story, but every mention of water made him feel more desperate. He was rubbing his thighs together nonstop now, clenching and unclenching his thighs. He wasn't sure how far he could make it.

"Hey guys--" Sebastian began, interrupting Abigail.

"Man, shut up," said Shane, "I wanna hear about the fish."

Everyone started laughing. Tears sprung to Sebastian's eyes, and weakly, he laughed too as Abigail resumed her story. Sebastian twisted his legs together, unsure how much longer he could make it.

Finally, finally, Abigail reached the end of her story, in which she caught a ghostfish with only a jury-rigged net. As everyone was completing their oohs and ahhs, Sebastian nudged Sam.

"Ow!"

Maybe the nudge had been a little too insistent. "Sorry. Dude, can you get up?"

"Why, so you can lose at Junimo Kart again?"

"No, so I can--"

"Aw, c'mon, Seb." Sam drew Sebastian to him in a headlock. Unfortunately for Sebastian, the sudden movement knocked him off his balance, and he felt a sudden surge of warmth in his underwear. He yelped and jerked away like a wounded animal, shoving a hand between his legs to grab his cock through his jeans. His legs wrapped around his hand, his body betraying how terribly he needed to go.

Sam shifted away. "Um...Sebastian? Are you...okay?"

Eyes burning, face red, all his friends staring at him, Sebastian shook his head. "I really have to pee," he admitted, rocking back and forth with his cock in his hand, shame creeping up his spine. "Please get up so I can pee."

The look of stunned embarrassment on Sam's face hit Sebastian hard. His ears burned hot.

"Uh....no problem, man," replied Sam. As he stood, he offered a hand, which Sebastian gratefully took, his other still shoved obviously between his legs.

"Hell yeah bro! Hydration is king!" Alex cut in helpfully, and slapped Sebastian on the back, to which the smaller man yelped and squeezed his cock harder to prevent any additional leaks. He hadn't known he'd been listening from the pool table. Fortunately, it served to break the tension, and hearing his friends whoop "Have a good piss!" at him as he walked away would have made him laugh if he hadn't been too scared that laughing would force the dam to break.

As Sebastian nervously, achingly slowly picked through the crowd, it dawned on him that Sam was still holding his hand. Leading him quickly through the mass of people.

Like Seb was a child?

Like Seb was a boyfriend?

He shook his head. Like Seb was a friend who needed help. And Sam was a helpful guy. It didn't mean anything. He couldn't even focus on the warmth of Sam's hand anyway, he had to pee so bad.

Okay, maybe he could feel it a little. Maybe it reminded him of that night that they'd both said meant nothing. Maybe it made him think of Sam's warm, soft hand on his cock, Sam's hand in his mouth, Sam's hand in his--

And now he had a hard-on. Great. Now it would be harder for him to piss*. Nice work, Seb,* he thought to himself, shaking his head.

He'd actually never used the men's room at the Stardrop Saloon. It had only been a few months since Gus had gotten rid of the outhouse out back, and installed "new, modern" bathrooms out past the storage room. Usually Sebastian made a point of peeing before he went out, the smelly outhouse not being somewhere he liked to spend his time, and this had been the first night since Gus' new restrooms that he'd broken that habit. He wondered what the restrooms looked like, but mostly, he didn't care. As long as there was a free space to drain his dick, it didn't matter.

But when Seb finally, finally*, finally* made it through the new wooden door helpfully marked "Gents", he froze.

"Modern" was a relative term in Stardew Valley. "Modern transportation" could be a truck that had been old since before Sebastian was born but miraculously still ran. "Modern fashion" was what everyone had whispered when Emily first dyed her hair, the first in the valley to do so since the late 80s. So "modern plumbing" could mean two sinks, a single occupied stall with a substantial line, and a divot along the wall with drains in the bottom. Which was exactly what it meant in the Stardrop Saloon. Less "set of urinals" and more "glorified trough."

For most people in Sebastian's position, this wouldn't matter at all. It was a place to piss that wasn't his pants. That should have been enough for him.

But Sebastian knew what happened when he tried to piss when other people could see him. His body just froze up. It was like it was impossible for him to go. And that was when he didn't have a Sam-induced hard-on that he was about to show to a bunch of townies.

"Go for it, dude," encouraged Sam, slapping his back. Sebastian stepped forward in a dreamlike haze, gripping his cock. Out-of-towners were noisily, blissfully pissing away, and he couldn't stand there and listen to it for a second longer. Surely he had to go so bad that his shyness would be overcome.

He whipped out his cock just as he felt a spurt about to emerge. It splashed down into the drain instead, and then...

And then his stream stopped. He blinked. His cock stood proudly in his hands, rock hard, throbbing. A single drop of piss hung on the tip, already having been spurted out. It lazily dripped down into the drain.

"No, c'mon..." he whined softly. He could feel his body still dying for relief, but it was as if there was something at the end of his cock, stopping him up. Keeping him from going. Damn it. This was just like that camping trip on what had then been the abandoned farmstead. He hoped it wouldn't have the same ending.

He squeezed his eyes shut, tried to think about waterfalls, relief, the streams of the guys around him. He felt his body start to relax. If he just stayed here long enough, surely--

"This isn't Zuzu City, pretty boy."

Any hope of pissing for real vanished when he heard the angry, breathy voice right in his ear. Sebastian opened his eyes to find a man whose face he didn't recognize inches from his own. The man's hat bore the logo of a farm supply chain. His voice was gruff, and he smelled like cheap beer and expensive cigarettes. He didn't look happy.

"I'm sorry?" Sebastian's voice sounded small.

"I said," the man growled, "this isn't Zuzu City. This is Stardew Valley, not some trashy bar for queens where you can just jack off in the men's room without anyone noticing."

People's heads were starting to turn. Sebastian scanned the room for a face he recognized, found none.

"I was pissing," he pleaded.

The man snorted. "You're hard as a rock standing still like a dumbass not pissing." He reached for Sebastian's dangly earring, and pulled down, not hard enough to cause any damage but hard enough to send a message. "Now zip up and get the fuck out. We don't like your kind around here."

"I live here!" Sebastian protested angrily. "In Pelican Town!"

"Sure." The man stepped closer. Nobody said anything. The room was silent except for a few quiet streams of piss.

The guy had about seventy pounds on Sebastian and most of it looked to be injectable steroids. If there was anything he knew, it was when he'd lost a fight. He turned around, zipped up his jeans, and walked as fast as he could out of the bathroom, feeling a little embarrassed that his hands had just been on his cock but not embarrassed enough to wash his hands and risk further provocation. He had to find a real bathroom, now.

Sam was waiting with a smile. "Feeling better?" he asked, stopping when he saw the look on Sebastian's face. "Hey, man, what--"

"Don't ask," muttered Sebastian through clenched teeth, his whole body on edge, squeezing his legs as he talked. "Some asshole. Being an asshole. I'm going home. Now."

"Whoa, wait." Sam stepped in front of Sebastian.

"Dude, I'm serious." Sebastian sidestepped him and kept walking. He knew there was no way he could make it home, but if he could just make it up to the boarded-up community center, the weedy community garden, fucking anywhere without people around--

Sam fell into step beside him, relentless. "Did you not get to piss?"

"Not so loud!" Sebastian hissed. "Then he nodded. "I feel like I'm about to explode."

"Come to my house," Sam blurted out. "You'll never make it to yours."

Sebastian had no energy to argue. "Sure."

They hurried through the brisk night, Sam walking ahead of Sebastian, Sebastian taking step after careful step. He was walking as fast as he could, but with every step he could feel his bladder filling.

"Come on, man," Sam called back encouragingly. "Just past Emily and Haley's, and we're there. We're so close. You can make it--"

A leak escaped Sebastian. Then another. He froze, doubled over, grabbed his cock, felt his hand fill with more warmth. He was wetting himself. He'd lost the battle. "Sam!" he called pleadingly. "I'm--"

Sam turned and saw what was happening. He ran over to Sebastian. "The sewer grate," he hissed in Sebastian's ear, placing a hand on his back to turn him around and guide him. "You can make it."

Indeed, the fenced-in sewer grate was right in front of Sebastian. He allowed himself to be led, walking as fast as he could to the opening in the fence, ignoring the piss leaking insistently out of him as he did, ignoring the growing wet spot on his black jeans. As soon as he was behind the fence out of view of any potential passersby, he unzipped, freeing his pissing cock and letting his full stream erupt out of him.

The relief was enormous, like nothing he'd ever felt before. Sebastian heard himself moan in pleasure, feeling the piss cascade out of his thick, still half-hard cock, drenching the sewer grate fence like the spray from a fire hose. He felt powerful and humiliated and turned on and ecstatic with relief, all at once.

His stream finally slowed down to a trickle, and he turned his head to see Sam still staring at him, openmouthed. His cheeks went hot. "I had to go," he said, almost defensively.

Sam straightened like he'd just been snapped out of a reverie. "Um, yeah, I know, I uh, that is, I, uh--"

Something occurred to Sebastian. He flicked his eyes down to Sam's crotch, where the loose sweatpants he was wearing left nothing to the imagination.

"Sam, are you turned on right now?"

They learned a lot about each other that night, and many nights after.

