The Gentleman: Parker's Present (Pt. 5 1/2)

Author: Weasel

*000*2017-10-26 02:54

Hey folks! Sorry for the delay. I meant to post the second half of this story a little sooner... on the other hand, I'm running out of pre-written material, so I think I'll have to slow down soon.

Warning:

This section does have desperation in it, a little (and of both genders, briefly). However, it's mostly about sex. I was extraordinarily fortunate with my first sexual partner, who taught me a lot and was extremely gentle with a depressed and confused young man, and that experience influenced this part of the story a lot. But even with a good teacher I had a lot of surprises! I know a lot of people don't get so lucky on their first time, so to speak, and I can't help that; but at least I can write about it. So this is partly for the virgins in the audience, or at least for the virgins with penises. But maybe it'll be useful for some other folks. too. Hope so, anyway!

Want to get caught up on Parker's story so far?

Part 1

, Part 2

, Part 3

, Part 4

, Part 5

(first half)

~~~~~

Parker woke up abruptly. Someone was moving around the room. Meagan was still in bed with him, though—it was a small enough bed that there was no mistaking that. They’d kicked off the blankets in the night, which meant that… they were both naked.

Parker opened his eyes. In the dim light, he recognized Meagan’s roommate Dacy. Of course! She’d given them the night alone, for which he was profoundly grateful… but she had to leave today, and so she was trying to stealth-pack. She was certainly being quiet, but noise was inevitable.

Parker had no idea what to do. If he pulled the sheet back up to cover himself (and Meagan), it would be incredibly obvious to Dacy that she’d woken them up. If he didn’t, though, that meant she was getting a good look at Parker’s ass—his cock, at least, was tucked up against Meagan’s butt—and she was getting a look at her stark-naked roommate, because Meagan was lying facing her.

The final detail that made everything even more of a problem: he needed to pee.

He kept his eyes closed and held still. Dacy would be done eventually, and would be out the door and gone for good.

Waiting is hard when you need to piss out the last of last night’s beer, and waiting is agonizing when there is no way to tell how long you’ll need to wait. What would Dacy need to pack? How long would it take? She’d be gone for a week…

Then there was a sound that made him crack an eyelid: a zipper. Was she getting ready to go, zipping up her jacket?

It turned out Dacy was about as far away from “getting ready to go” as possible: she was changing clothes, and had just dropped her jeans. Apparently she had previously removed her shirt and bra, because she was clearly naked other than her panties.

The thing about Dacy was that she was short and sweet and bubbly and curvy. Really curvy—and it extended to all her features: round face, big round blue eyes… but most of all her boobs. They seemed much too big for so short a girl. And she was bending over as she pulled the jeans off her feet, so even though she was mostly facing away from him, those boobs were quite visible as they hung down like… like…

He squeezed his eyes shut before he could think of a simile. He could hear her pull her panties down.

If I open my eyes right now I’ll get to see Dacy completely naked.

If I open my eyes right now I might never get to see Meagan completely naked ever again.

I’m actually in a room with two naked girls.

Yes, and only one of them held it for you last night! Focus on that!

He shifted slightly—partly so he could bury his face into the back of Meagan’s neck and avoid the temptation of opening his eyes, and partly so his rapidly-stiffening cock would be slightly less uncomfortable squeezed up against Meagan’s butt.

He carefully filled his mind with thoughts of Meagan’s dancing the night before, of her struggles to get them into the dorm room, of her nine hours of holding it—holding her pee, just for him!—of her piss thundering into the trash can…

Just as he thought that, he heard Dacy mutter, “What the…?”

The trash can. They hadn’t emptied the trash can. The trash bag was sitting next to the can and the can had a big puddle of pee at the bottom of it.

Dacy made a sound like a shrug and Parker heard the rustling of the trash bag as she threw away whatever she’d needed to toss.

And then, seemingly just a few seconds later, there was a flash of daylight as she slipped out the door and locked it behind her. Presumably she’d put some clothes on beforehand.

Parker was about to sit up and go to the bathroom when he realized three things in quick succession: first, he didn’t want to leave the room just yet, as Dacy would still be just outside; second, he didn’t need to leave the room as he could just pee into the trash can; and third, Dacy might have forgotten something and come running back. He shifted onto his back, glanced at the clock, but stayed in bed.

He waited for another five minutes, looked at the clock, and saw that only thirty second had passed. His bladder was tired of waiting. He got up, picked up the trash can, and—wait. He was still hard, cock aimed at the sky. He couldn’t pee yet anyway.

It was an awkward, painful minute or two before his hard-on dwindled enough for him to actually bend his cock down—and that just made things worse in both directions, because the touch of his hand and all the recent nakedness and desperation made him harden up again. He let go and started doing times tables in his head again. Finally, after what seemed way too long, his erection slackened and he could pee.

Meagan was right, that did feel pretty nice.

When he turned to get back into bed, Meagan was stirring. He lay down beside her. She rolled over, kissed him, and murmured, “What time is it?”

He told her.

“God no,” she said, and rolled back over.

There was no going back to sleep for him, however. He didn’t feel like he’d gotten enough rest, but there were three big thoughts chasing each other through his head, but with three packs of tiny little thoughts buzzing around the big ones:

I just saw Dacy’s boobs holy shit is she big you could lose yourself in those you could seriously fuck them she is so much bigger than Meagan oh fuck Meagan

Meagan held her pee for me that was the best thing ever wait even better than Lara? probably yeah because maybe Meagan will do it again she was so hot when she went almost slack-jawed with the relief of letting go I can’t wait to do that again but first

We’re gonna have sex I can’t believe it I’m gonna lose my virginity finally I love Meagan so much she is so amazingly hot I can’t wait I can’t wait I can’t wait—wait! what if she finds out about Dacy

I just saw Dacy’s boobs should I tell Meagan? she will totally know something’s up she can tell if I’m lying I’d better tell her but what if Meagan gets mad? do I dare tell her? what if she decides she doesn’t wanna have sex? I’d better not tell her because

We’re gonna have sex and she’s been hurt I’d better tell her but before or after because We’re gonna have sex when she wakes up can’t it wait until after? I really really wanna have sex with Meagan because

Meagan held her pee for me she said “I am so close to pissing my pants right now” and she tried to hold it for me even when she was naked and bursting and just about to go but I said “wait” and she did and she made me cum so much I went over her shoulder and her shoulders are so sexy definitely more sexy than Dacy’s and Dacy didn’t hold her pee for me I’d better tell Meagan…

When Meagan finally did roll onto her back and stretch and give him a sultry look, Parker was once again a mass of nerves. This didn’t seem to register with her right away. She gave him a kiss, then a caress, and they just made out for a moment. Then she said, “Hey, hot stuff. What’s wrong?”

She can tell when I’m lying “I saw Dacy’s boobs”—and it was a second before he realized he’d blurted that out.

“Well, I gotta say, I was hoping for a ‘Good morning,’ first, but mmkay. Tell me.”

So he did.

She laughed.

“You’re not mad?"

“Well, I have to say, I am not 100% thrilled you saw her.”

“Because of consent?”

“Yes, and for a couple other reasons. But you did your best to be a good boy and dang but that trash can story is funny.”

“You can blame it on me later,” Parker said, grateful he’d thought of this.

“Oh, believe me, I will, especially since some of the pee in there right now is yours anyway. But my guess is that she won’t mention it. Think about it, she saw both of us naked too, and if she brings it up… it was just accidents all around. So don’t sweat it. After all, it’s Spring Break! And besides,” she added, “I wanna give you the other half of your present.”

His heart started racing.

“Ready for this?”

“I think so...”

She grinned. “Just relax. I’ll get you there.”

She cradled his cock in her hand. It went hard almost immediately. She sat up, bent over, and kissed it. Harder still. She got up on her knees and for a second he thought she was going to climb on top of him right then. But instead she reached over to her small bedside table and pulled out a small plastic bottle. “Some for you...” she said, squeezing a little clear liquid onto his cock, “...and some for me,” she said, putting a little drop on her finger and sliding it between her legs. She rubbed herself for a moment. Then she took his hand, gave him a similar drop on a finger, and said, “All right, hot stuff. Touch me.”

His hand only trembled slightly as he felt between her legs.

“Mmkay, you are a little too high,” she said. “Lower. ...Lower, please.”

He did as he was told.

“Ahh,” she said. “Yup, that’s the spot. Now, don’t move your hand. Can you feel that little nub, right under your finger?”

“I think so.”

“That’s my clit. Or the tip of my clit, anyway. Turns out clits are bigger than most people think… So just rub that spot a little bit. Up and down or side to side or circles, doesn’t matter, just stay there. ...Yup, you got it.” She lay back against the bedstead, then a second later grabbed her pillow, shoved it between her freckles and the bedstead, and leaned back again. Her movement dislodged his hand a bit, but she took it in hers, steered it back, and when that didn’t quite do the trick, said, “Lower. A little more. Okay, that’s good.”

He stroked her for what felt like a long time. His wrist, unused to that particular angle, started to hurt, but he kept going—especially when he stopped fixating on her clit and looked at the whole of her. She sat, hands resting palms-down on the bed at her sides, eyes mostly closed, just a fleck of their green still visible, mouth hanging slightly open, breathing deeper now. As he watched, her hands clenched slightly at the fabric, then let go.

I’m doing that to her. I’m making her feel that good.

“This is to get me all wet and warmed up,” she said, a little breathless. “And it’s working.”

“I know,” he said. “I’m not complaining. Except…”

“Hmm?”

“Can I switch hands?”

She grinned, eyes still closed. “Of course. In fact, let me teach you something else. You shouldn’t need any lube.” She reached down with one hand to spread her inner lips, and used the other to grab one of his (his left hand, the non-sore one) and steer it down, farther down than he expected. His fingers found a warm way waiting for him.

“Can I…?”

“Uh-huh. Just push in.”

“It’s kinda slippery!”

“That’s what we want, huh? Mmm. Yeah. All the way in… now. Curl your finger. Like you’re beckoning to me. Ah.” Her eyes and hands squeezed shut. “Yeah. Fuck yeah. Keep doing that. That feels really fuckin’ good.”

“Good,” he said. “I want you to come.”

“One thing at a time, hon,” she said with a smile, opening her eyes. “Right now, I’m thinking about you. You ready?”

“I… um… I’m not so hard any more.”

She glanced at him. “That’s easy to fix.” She stroked him a few times, and he did indeed stiffen up quick. “’Kay, where did you leave the condoms?”

A moment’s scramble found them; a moment’s stroking got him hard again; and then she knelt beside him, expertly opened the condom wrapper, gave him one more dab of lube, and unrolled the condom onto his hard-on.

“That feels weird,” he said.

“It’s not great, no,” she said. “But we need it. No condom, no action. Mmkay? I have literally sent guys out to buy some in the middle of sex.”

“Oh, I get it.”

“I just wish you’d practiced once or twice… I wish I’d remembered to tell you to practice… mmkay. We’ll be fine. So. Ready to get inside?”

“Yes please.”

“’Kay.” She knelt astride him. “Lie back. Lie back and relax.”

“I think I can do one of those...”

She grinned and kissed him and said, “Deep breaths.” She took him in hand, positioned herself, and steered him in as she slid down onto him.

“Ahhhhh...” she said. “How does it feel?”

Weird. My hand never felt like this. But… “It’s nice.”

She raised herself up on her knees a bit, let herself down. “Ahh. Mm. Yeah. Feels pretty good to me.”

She rode him for a little while. But he grew no more relaxed. The weird sensation (so unlike anything he was used to) wasn’t doing much for him. She was beautiful, she was having sex with him, he literally had his penis in a vagina for the first time in his life, he loved having her breasts bare right in front of his face, it was everything he’d dreamed of… so why was he thinking of Dacy’s boobs, why was he not loving this?

She noticed, paused her thrusting. “Relax. Like, for real, hon. You can’t come if you’re all locked up like that.” She didn’t mention something they could both feel: that he was getting softer.

“I’m sorry…”

“What for? A lot of guys have a hard time on their first time.”

“Uh, I’m not sure I’m having a hard time here.”

She giggled. “I’m glad you made that joke, sweetie, because I didn’t dare.”

He had to snort at that, but he really was stressing. “It just kinda… doesn’t feel right.”

“Mmmmkay. This is why I wanted to you practice a bit with the condom. But sex does feel different from jacking off.” She took his face in her hands and kissed him. “So forget how it feels and just listen to me.”

She slowly started to thrust again. “Remember last night?”

“Uh-huh.”

“Remember how I drank all that beer and water and held it for nine hours?”

“Uh-huh...”

“I have not had to pee that bad since… I don’t know when. So bad.”

They could both feel him stiffening again. Meagan clearly took this as a good sign and ran with it. “I was absolutely desperate. I’d been dying to pee for at least an hour.”

“I saw you dancing.”

“Yup. I was totally squirming all over the place. I hoped you’d notice.”

“I was so turned on when I figured it out.”

“I know. What did you like best?”

“Oh… uh… all of it. But I loved it right when you were on the edge…”

“Naked, helpless, almost about to explode?” She was warming to her work.

“Yeah. Then. When I asked you to wait. Could you have held it any longer?”

“Not then. Not naked. Not after nine hours. I was literally leaking. There were drops of pee on my thigh.”

“You were so amazing.”

“I know. And guess what? I still am. Wannna know a secret?”

“Of course.”

She leaned close. “I need to pee right now. You got to pee in the trash can, but I haven’t had a chance yet. I always need to pee when I get up in the morning, but I haven’t gone yet. Know why?”

“I think I can guess…”

“I’m holding it for you. When you had your finger in me? It felt amazing. And I nearly peed right then and there. Put your hand on my bladder.”

He did as he was told.

“Push. Just a little.”

He did. She winced—and squeezed his hard-on tight. “Ah. Okay. I know I asked for that, but don’t do it again, please.” She started thrusting a little faster. “So I’m holding it for you. I’m not gonna pee until you come in me. Which really puts you in a win-win situation, doesn’t it? If it takes you a while to come, the longer I have to hold and the more I have to pee.”

He shudder-sighed. “Do you really need to go?”

“Of course. I needed to go the second I woke up. I went back to sleep to make myself more desperate.”

“You’re amazing.”

“Thank you. And take your time, lover. Take your time. No pressure… except right here…”

She was pumping harder, faster. The red tips of her dark hair were bouncing across the freckles of her neck and shoulder.

“Do you need to go as bad as last night?”

“Not yet. And not for a while, that was intense. But I’m definitely needing to go ASAP.”

“Will you pee in the trash can again?”

“If you want.” She leaned close, kissed him. “I’ll pee in a lot of places if you want. I’ll hold it until I have to cross my legs, and that never happens to me.” She grinned. “And you know something?”

“What?”

“You are exactly the right size in me. You are shaped just right. Your cock is pushing on my bladder a bit. It makes me need to go more, every… time… I… do… this. And it feels amazing.”

“You’re really getting off on this?”

“Mmmhmm. And I’m really getting off on how much you’re getting off on it.” She changed the rhythm, a little deeper, a little slower, a little harder.

“I’m… yeah… tell me again?”

“Tell you what again?”

“That… you… need…”

She leaned close, squeezed him tight, and whispered in his ear. “I need to pee. Right here right now. Can I pee? Please?”

“I… I… I’m…”

“Yes, you are,” she said, and squeezed him one more time. That was all it took.

A moment later she gave him another little squeeze and he gasped with the aftershock.

“Good?”

“So good.”

They sat there for a moment. She squeezed him again, and his rapidly-dwindling cock was squeezed right out.

“Whoops,” she said. “Didn’t mean to do that, I just needed to hold on a little bit tighter right then. Probably good, though, you gotta get that condom off before you go totally soft.”

“Can’t do anything until you get up.”

“Oh, all right.”

She stood, stretched her arms, rolled her shoulders, stretched her arms and back again. He sat on the edge of the bed to peel off the condom.

“Tie a knot in it,” she said, just as he reached for the trash bag. He did so, stood up, and came up behind her to hold her in his arms.

“Thank you,” he said. “Thank you so much.”

“I’m glad you liked it,” she said. “And now I really really really do need to pee.”

“Can you hold it another minute or two?”

“I could hold it another hour if you wanted, but it’s always a good idea to pee right after sex, and that is something that we totally just had.”

He laughed. “Oh, okay! You should go! …Can I watch?”

“Do you want me to pee in the trash can again?”

“Yup.”

“Then you certainly can.” She squatted over it and let go. She looked up at him and grinned. “We need to work out exactly what it is you like and don’t like. I wasn’t sure how you wanted me to go. I was all ready to put on last night’s panties—well, actually, some other dirty panties, the ones from last night are too nice—and pee myself if you wanted.”

“Mmmm—I’m not sure I want that,” he said.

“Right. We’ll work it out. Now you should pee in the can again. Peeing after is a good idea for both of us.”

He didn’t need to go much, but he squeezed a little out.

She stood up, stretched again—and he realized he totally loved watching her move naked, desperate or not.

She saw the look on his face, came over, and kissed him, pulling his body to hers. “How’s it feel, losing your virginity?”

“To you? This way? Unbelievable. Totally unbelievable. Like, how on earth did I get this lucky?” He paused. “Did you come?”

She shook her head.

“Well, you wanna go back to bed, then?”

She shook her head again. “I wanna get up and outside. Plus now that I’m not full of pee, my stomach’s telling me it’s empty. I’m hungry. Oh, and you get to empty that trash can and rinse it out.”

“No problem. And I’m getting hungry, too.”

“Exactly! But thank you for offering to go back to bed for me. Now that I know how to make you come like a rocket, twice, I’m going to teach you how to do the same for me.”

“Looking forward to it.”

“And that’s why I like you, Parker. You listen. You care. You want to give back. You are, in fact, a total gentleman.”

You know what? Parker thought. This time it might actually be true.

*005*2017-11-04 03:14

As ever, thanks for the kind words! My one regret is that I can't get on here more often to keep up a better conversation, but work and other projects are keeping me busy. This weekend I should be a lot more available, though.

{{On 10/29/2017 at 7:30 AM, Little Vic said:

Awesome job, as always. I only miss more description and lines for the pee parts.

}}

Little Vic, I try to be pretty descriptive, but maybe I'm falling short? Could you give me an example of a line you thought didn't get the job done?

Now I wanna see what you think of Part 7, which I finished drafting tonight! I'm pretty pleased with how that particular pee scene turned out.

