Omo Mind Control

Author: water.wizard

*000*2018-12-28 10:39

This is a teaser for a maybe longer story.

This is a personal fantasy of mine so I'm curious as to whether you guys like it too.

Let me know.

###

Brian yawned and rubbed his face with his hands. He was in one of his history courses and it was boring as hell. Brian was a freshman in college but he was a history buff in high school so he felt like he already knew this stuff. He let his gaze wander around the room.

The girls at college were so much hotter than girls in high school. Brian honestly couldn't believe it sometimes. A row in front of him and a handful of seats to the right sat a girl with long brown hair and even longer legs which she showed off with her very short skirt. Her name was Alice and she was pretty nice but way out of his league. Alice took a drink of her water bottle and Brian's mind of course went to his fetish, fantasizing about her needing to pee in class. Brian imagined the Alice having drank a full bottle of water before class and then working on a second one now, and that her bladder was slowly filling, filling, filling.

Alice shifted uncomfortably in her seat. She seemed to sort of look around the room, and then looked at the clock. Did she really have to pee? Brian felt his cock start to get hard.

Time passed and Brian continued to watch Alice during class. She showed no more signs of needing to pee now and Brian's mind started to wander. He imagined that he was right about her needing to pee, and that her need was starting to get concerning. He saw her look at the clock again. Brian fantasized about her drinking water before this class, water which would now be trickling down and putting pressure on her bladder. Alice crossed and uncrossed her legs. He imagined her bladder continuing to fill until she felt like she was bursting, little spurts of pee starting to escape. Alice's hands shot between her legs and she started bobbing up and down in her seat, looking toward the clock and door.

Brian was bewildered. Was he imagining a connection? He stared at this desperate girl as she shifted and fidgeted in her seat. There was only 15 minutes of class and she seemed to be deciding if she should just go or if she could make it.

Brian stared intently at Alice as he started to imagine her bladder filling beyond capacity. The pressure of the liquid inside pressing against her desperate urethra and threatening to burst into her panties at any moment.

Alice gasped quietly and crossed her legs tight, both hands against her pussy. Brian could see her rubbing herself furiously, trying to keep from peeing herself, though she seemed to try to hide it under her desk.

Brian was amazed. This couldn't really be happening, could it? He supposed there was one way to find out.

He imagined that Alice's need to pee mostly vanished, to just a dull need.

Alice's body seemed to relax. She looked around the room nervously, seeming confused. She glanced at the clock and the front door. She seemed to decide that it wasn't worth risking her urge coming back and starting to leave class early. She quickly packed up her bag, put on her jacket, and made her way down the aisles in the seating to the front of the room.

Brian's felt his cock get harder. This would really be the true test. He stared intently at Alice as she reached the front of the room.

Brian imagined Alice's bladder again filling with liquid. Rapidly, to the brim, feeling like she might burst. Alice immediately doubled over at the front of the room, bending at the knees and crossing her legs. All eyes began to fall on her and her cheeks became visibly red. Brian's cock became rock hard. He imagined the pressure on Alice's pussy building, building, until it hurt and became too much. Alice bobbed up and down in place, letting out a whimper. Her hands worked furiously between her legs, rubbing her pussy in front of everyone. Brian's cock was throbbing.

He imagined Alice's muscles relaxing. Alice's eyes widened as a hissing sound started to come from between her legs. Her skirt provided no cover as she began to wet herself forcefully in front of the entire class. Alice tried to stop the flow but her muscles seemed to relax against her will, continuing to let her piss herself all over her boots and the carpeted floor. Brian kept imagining Alice peeing full force and out it kept coming. Alice began crying, realizing she needed to just make a run for it and fleeing while pee still gushed from between her legs, splashing onto the floor below her.

Brian watched in amazement as the girl disappeared from view, leaving a long wet trail connected to a huge puddle at the front of the room.

This changes everything.

