I Think You Should Just Pee Your Pants - Page 3

Author: WaityKaty

*052*2018-01-07 11:36

{{18 hours ago, Indigo said:

I think continue it here, Katy ...

You asked for feedback on your "male perspective" characterisation. I'd say it's very good indeed. Your narrator feels male ... but you don't overdo it. So that's fine.

A couple of other thoughts for you to ponder, though. First ... is Camille sufficiently French?? I was struck by THIS: "Did you... Have you had an accident". Now, do you remember a regular poster at Skymouse's site called Finesse? She was Swedish, I think, and when telling the story of her own accident when she was 10 (she told this a couple of times) it was very apparent that she was thinking in a language in which the disctinction between "have you had an accident?" and "did you have an accident?" did not exist. It does not exist in most European languages. It certainly doesn't exist in French. So when I read the quoted part of the dialogue, it felt to me as though the speaker was a native English speaker, not a French girl.

Second ... just occasionally, you put us into sensory overload with your descriptive writing. "I ... raced up the begonia lined path to her front door". This is probably not the place to mention the begonias. If you want to "I raced between the begonias lining the path to her front door" is more manageable, because it uses "begonia" as a noun (which it properly is) rather than as part of an adjectival phrase. Worse was "as we walked down the esplanade of the seaside town a couple of hours drive from our university ..." which is throwing a whole lot of data at us (that they're in a seaside town; that it was a two hour drive to get there; that they are university students) none of which really belongs in the statement that they are walking down the esplanade.

These are only very minor niggles, though ... and definitely belong in the catogory "EBI" (Even Better If ... ) because, as others have said, this is a really accomplished piece of writing, and a GREAT story. I'm loving it as much as the next man ...

}}

I was pretty pleased that the male perspective is panning out. I was mostly worried I'd have male waterworks do something impossible or improbable. :)

No she isn't sufficiently French. I badly want to ret-con that out and if I ever do a rewrite, in ten years or whenever, I'm cutting that part of her backstory. I didn't intend this story to go on so long and I got stuck with a throw-away bit of colour. I did mention she has been in Australia for 7-8 years at one point to try an in-universe explain her clearly Australian speaking patterns. Maybe just pretend I never mentioned she was French, I'm not going to address it again in story. :p

I absolutely pack sensory information into sentences sometimes. And ignore noun/verb/adjective demarcations frequently. I talk like that in real life as well; half polysylabic patter, half valley girl. They are deliberate stylistic choices. Marginal ones. That can come off as irritating. I fully agree with the esplanade sentence though. It was unwieldy and I'd rewrite it given the chance.

Thanks for your feedback! I very much appreciate it. :)

*054*2018-01-07 14:30

New Chapter! Number 7, crazy. Sex tag again, and for the first time Diapers, though I don't once actually use that specific word. Neither of them are particularly intense, as usual my focus is on wetting. Still, you've been warned!

###

"I think you should just pee your pants."

"But I'm not wearing pants." I knew what Camille meant. I was buying time to decide what I wanted to do.

"Your protection then." She purred. "You know you want to."

I hadn't been enthusiastic about the concept of wearing what basically amounted to a nappy whenever I wanted to sleep over at Camille's, but she had insisted that if I was going to keep wetting her bed then I was going to have to wear something to keep her sheets dry. I had tried to complain that I'd only peed in her bed twice but she'd been insistent. The best I was able to negotiate was that if I stayed dry for a month I would be allowed to go without them after that. This wasn't something that particularly concerned me since I could count the number of times I'd wet the bed since I was a child on one hand. It just happened that two of those times had been in the last couple of months, in Camille's bed.

And indeed, it hadn't been a problem, I'd sailed through the first half a dozen or so times I'd slept over a her place following her "protection rule" with nary a leak and had just woken up on the final morning of my probation as dry as a bone. Though I was certainly as busting as usual first thing in the morning. My bladder had that nagging ache that told me I better get up soon if I expected to empty it in a toilet.

"If I do... does that mean I have to keep wearing the special underwear?" I was not going to be peeing myself if the answer was yes.

"Of course not. That was just in case you had another accident." She licked my earlobe. "This would be on purpose and would most certainly not count."

That changed the equation entirely. The package under Camille's bed advertised that the absorbent undergarments could hold up to two liters and I have to admit I was a little curious as to whether I could just cut loose and have them absorb an entire bladder.

She gave my hard bladder a gentle rub. "Just pee... I can tell you really need to."

Even though she was right it was surprisingly hard to let go. I put it down to my increasing arousal both from Camille's gentle touch and the general excitement that comes from deliberately wetting yourself. It took me a minute or two of short trickles and false starts before I finally managed to get a good stream going and empty my bladder properly. I closed my eyes to fully enjoy the feeling of peeing lying down without actually getting really wet. When I was finally finished I rolled over to see Camille telling Anne that the balloon really wasn't high enough and if she didn't increase the flow of gas we were in danger of hitting the top of those trees. All thoughts of peeing forgotten, I quickly worked to untie the sandbags as we drifted ever closer to the undermost branches of the looming ghost gums.

I woke up some time later to the early morning cackle of the local kookaburras and the endless drone of cicadas. As has become a habit of mine since I've been dating Camille I put my hand between my legs to check I'd made it through the night dry. If I was entirely honest the practices the she has introduced me to had had a bit of an unfortunate impact on my bladder control. I'd noticed that sometimes when I went to the bathroom I would feel an almost uncontrollable surge of urgency and I'd have to race to get to the toilet in time, fumbling with buttons and zips and only barely getting myself out before my bladder let go. At that stage I hadn't had any actual leaks but there had been one incident about a week earlier that I'd been too embarrassed to even tell Camille about. Even though I knew she'd love it. I gave the padding between my legs a quick squeeze and was horrified to find it much spongier than it usually was. It was at that stage I suddenly remembered my dream.

I'd wet Camille's bed again. For the third time.

Admittedly the bed itself had escaped my ravages this time but I knew that if I couldn't somehow hide what had happened from Camille she would extend my time wearing protection to bed. Maybe even indefinitely!

My plan was to slip out of bed without waking her and race down to the bathroom. I could dispose of my wet problem, clean myself up, and get dressed before Camille ever woke up. Unfortunately Camille is a sleep cuddler and attempting to pry off the arm draped across my chest was enough to stir her awake. The arm pulled me tight like a snare closing.

"What's the hurry sailor? She mumbled sleepily and started to move her hand from my shoulder down to my hip.

"I was just getting up to..." I started to try to distract her. It was useless. Her hand barely paused at my hip before racing to my crotch and squeezing. She paused, then squeezed again.

"You're wet!" She said in unconcealed delight. "I told you that you should wear protection to bed!"

I couldn't really disagree. She was right. Apparently I'd become an, on occasion, bed-wetter. I explained what had happened to Camille.

"I'm a bit envious actually." She admitted. "I've never genuinely wet the bed."

"Really? Never?" I was a bit surprised. I'd always naively assumed everyone had wet the bed at least once or twice.

"Never. I'd really like to one day. Oh well." She suddenly brightened and pulled off my absorbent underwear, leaving me naked in her bed. "At least I've got you to tell me what it feels like to have accidents."

It was suddenly the right time to tell her. A time when she wouldn't tease me and she would just be turned-on by my admission.

"Actually... I had an accident last week. As well."

Her eyes widened in surprise or lust. "Really... you probably didn't take my advice to wear protection in your bed did you?"

"It um... It wasn't in my sleep."

Her eyes widened still further, her pupils dilated almost as I watched. "Really! Do tell." I took the time to help her out of her pajamas before I did.

She guided my hand between her legs. "Tell me." she breathed insistently.

"I was at my computer. Playing a game." I began. She didn't interrupt. "Turn based strategy." I elaborated. as if that meant something to her.

I deliberately took long pauses. Enough time to make her badly want me to keep telling the story. Enough time for her to fantasize every small detail without me having to explain it.

"And I realized I needed to pee. But it wasn't very badly and I was really engrossed in the game so I figured I would just finish the next turn and then go pee." She writhed against my fingers. Impatient and slippery.

"But I guess I forgot. Because the next time I noticed that I had to pee it was really urgent. Like emergency urgent." This time I paused so long that Camille was forced to gasp, "So what did you do?"

"Well I guess in the old days I would have got up and run to the toilet. But... I kind of like holding my pee now. Thanks to you. And I was pretty sure I could hold it until the end of the next turn." She was panting now. I rubbed her a little faster.

"But I was wrong." I said in what I hoped was my sexiest voice.

"You just peed you pants?" She asked. "Sitting there at your desk?"

"Right there. It just happened all of a sudden. One second I was trying to ignore it while I sent an artillery unit over the mountains and the next there was this warm wetness spreading out from my crotch and a pattering down on the carpet. And an absolutely amazing feeling of relief."

Camille moaned louder and suddenly with a abrupt spasm pulled her body away from my hand and made a series of little orgasm noises. After maybe half a minute she opened her eyes and stared into mine. "I want you inside me and I want you to tell me that story again. In exactly the same way."

So I did.

###

Sorry there was no female wetting in this one. It didn't suit the narrative. I promise there will be in Chapter 8. :)

{{1 hour ago, Manowar said:

Actually the narrator was thinking that maybe Camille is French and that is why she's peeing her pants.

For me it is all ok ąs I am not English native speaker. I don't see all of this staff mentioned by Indigo. I just like the story same as Camille just peed her panties.

}}

Obviously it's different if you aren't a native English speaker yourself. :) The narrator told us Camille is French, he speculated, obviously incorrectly, that maybe that was why she pees herself sometimes. But lets not focus on that! :p

*059*2018-01-30 03:35

{{On 1/8/2018 at 10:37 AM, Manowar said:

Not a problem. I liked it that way. At the begining I misunderstood that all the diapers things were a part of a dream, but Camille made him wear a "protection", "irl", correct?

}}

Yep yep. That's right!

{{On 1/9/2018 at 1:10 AM, AliasnameTO said:

Looks like our hero is fairly deep down the rabbit hole when it comes to pee play. Love it! Can't say I don't feverishly envy him.

}}

I rather envy him as well. In some ways...

{{On 1/21/2018 at 5:46 AM, remos6 said:

Here here

}}

Chapter 8! Sex tag again, not very much though. Only female wetting in this chapter if that matters to you.

###

"I think I should just pee my pants."

"Sorry... What?" I was pretty sure I heard Camille the first time, even over the manifestly untalented rock music and the inebriated crowd, but it was the sort of thing I wanted to sure about.

"The line for the ladies' is stupid long. I'll think I should just pee my pants."

I immediately looked down at the crotch of her light grey jeans expecting to see glistening wetness any moment. She punched me on the arm.

"Not here I won't! Jesus, dude! There are people I might run into again here. Come on, lets get going."

We had been planing to leave the university bar even before Camille's announcement and had both just got back from the bathrooms. I'd had no trouble elbowing my way to a urinal but clearly Camille hadn't had as much luck on her quest. I rather regretted my empty bladder; it would have been fun for us both to wet ourselves walking back to Camille's house. Even so I was certainly excited by the prospect of seeing Camille pee herself in those jeans.

The walk back to Camille's was a fair hike, probably around thirty minutes. It's actually the exact same walk on which I first saw her wet herself, and first wet myself in front of her. Times had certainly changed in the six months since then. At the time it hadn't seemed particularly sexy at all; now I couldn't wait for the show to begin and my eyes kept darting down to her crotch.

"I'll tell you if I decide to wet myself." She punched me in the arm again.

"If?" I said, disappointed. I'd been assuming seeing Camille in wet pants was a guarantee.

"If." She replied firmly. "I wasn't planning on wetting myself tonight and I'm not particularly excited about peeing in something that will show so clearly. Aside from being seen on the street it's possible Anne is already home and I'd rather she not see me wet. I also don't want to get pee in these boots."

"Oh."

I checked my watch. Almost midnight. Anne did usually come home around that time if she had been out at one of the local pubs and I knew from experience that we would definitely run into Camille's roommate at the worst possible time.

I stopped checking Camille out and tried my best not to act too disappointed. She was walking fairly stiffly so I suspect she had to pee fairly badly but Camille actually had a very strong bladder and an accident, sadly, wasn't at all likely.

Once we got to Camille's house she surprised me again by taking off her boots on the veranda,

"What are you doing?" She didn't normally worry about wearing shoes inside.

She gave me her best come-hither smirk, "I said I didn't want to get pee in these boots."

Debooted, Camille wandered the somewhat overgrown front garden for a spot that was both well lit and not clearly visible from the road.

"I..." she cleared her throat and looked me in the eye, "have decided to wet myself."

She had. And she did. Words can't really do it justice. The long awaited wet stain was just as I imagined it; an exploding patch of darkness that unraveled down her legs in ribbons. A crystal clear contrast with the few swatches of denim that stayed light gray.

We raced inside.

"Bathroom." Camille purred. "Shower first."

It wasn't my order of preference but I demurred to the lady. We showered together. Camille washed her long brown hair. I think she was just trying to tease me by taking as long as possible. I began to feel actual discomfort from my long ignored erection, it hadn't subsided since Camille had peed herself in the garden. I kissed her to try to encourage her to finish up in the shower so we could go to bed. She kissed me back with passion.

Before I knew it the idea of going to bed was superfluous. I had only just slipped inside her when we both jumped at the sound of the doorknob rattling. Luckily someone had remembered to turn the lock. The rattle was followed by an urgent knocking.

"Camille?" Anne's voice was muffled by the bathroom door.

"Yeah?"

"Are you nearly finished?"

"I've got shampoo in my hair," Camille lied.

Anne paused for a moment. "Ok. But if you could hurry, because I'm absolutely busting."

I started to pull away so we could let Anne have the bathroom but Camille held onto me.

"Don't you dare stop." Camille whispered fiercely and dug her fingernails into my back as she pulled me roughly against her.

"But what about Anne?"

"She can hold on." Then Camille giggled, "Or maybe she can't."

I had to push aside the image of Anne not being able to hold on. It's not appropriate to think sexy thoughts about your girlfriend's roommate while you are having sex. We quickly found a good rhythm, even standing in the shower, and soon I wasn't thinking about anything at all.

I was so in the moment I'd actually almost forgotten Anne was still waiting for us when she banged on the door again. Louder than before.

"Camille! Please hurry up. I'm literally about to wet my pants!"

I'm not sure if it was Anne's declaration or just a coincidence but that was that moment I felt Camille orgasm. She buried her face in my neck to keep herself quiet as the rippling from her vaginal muscles pushed me over the edge as well.

As soon as we returned to ourselves Camille pushed me out of the shower while she quickly rinsed herself and shut off the water. We were both respectably wrapped in towels within a minute or two. Camille turned the lock on the bathroom door and swung it open to finally allow her roommate to use the toilet.

Anne was squatting on her heel just outside the bathroom door in a strappy white play-suit. When the door opened she stood up quickly. too quickly. Her hands shot to her crotch but the tiny yellow droplets just trickled through her fingers. Her eyes had that same wide expression of shock that they did the time I wet myself in front of her. A brief patter of urine beat down on the hallway carpet but stopped after half a second. Camille and I both stepped aside to let Anne into the bathroom. She made it all of a step before the patter resumed; harder than before, and for much longer. For the second time in an hour a beautiful woman wet her pants right in front of me.

Her bladder at last empty Anne moved further into the bathroom so that Camille and I could leave. I somehow didn't notice until I stepped into the hallway that I'd been so close to Anne's accident that some of her pee had splashed onto my feet.

"I'll get you some dry clothes." Camille offered in an apologetic tone as Anne firmly closed the door behind us.

I went into Camille's room to wait for her. It was a long time before Camille came in.

*063*2018-02-02 12:56

{{On 1/30/2018 at 3:26 PM, Melificentfan said:

Damn this story is great ^^

}}

Thank you!

{{On 1/31/2018 at 2:08 PM, Weasel said:

In the immortal words of George Takei: "Oh, my." That was excellent, Katy.

}}

Thanks a lot. I need to find the time to keep writing this story. I've mentally drafted like three more chapters I need to get in silico.

{{On 1/31/2018 at 4:38 PM, Manowar said:

That was absolutely the brst chapter. Finally we saw Anne's wetting. Thank you Katy!!!

}}

No worries. This chapter was actually out of my intended sequence, but I know you were hanging out for an Anne story. :)

*066*2018-05-07 02:33

"I think you should just wet your pants."

The idea came to me from out of the blue. Of course I did spend rather a lot of time thinking about Camille wetting herself so that I applied one of my favourite solutions to a novel problem was not really a surprise. To a man whose only tool is a hammer every problem looks like a nail. This particular nail was Anne. She had been snappy and annoyed ever since the night when Camille and I had been having sex in the bathroom and had taken so long that Anne had ended up wetting herself waiting for us to finish. Not that she knew that's why we took so long to let her use the bathroom. That would probably make it worse. Camille and I had been discussing whether there was anything she could say or do to make things better.

"Well I know you'ld like that. But I don't think Anne is into that sort of thing." Camille stuck her tongue out.

"Sure. But she's probably embarrassed more than anything else right? So if you wet yourself as well then you would be even and she wouldn't need to feel embarrassed anymore."

"Mrmm... Maybe. I think she might actually be more furious that I put "washing my hair" above her need to not pee on the floor."

"So... What if you give her the chance to decide if you pee on the floor?"

Camille raised her eyebrows, "I guess that could be worth a try. And it might be fun if nothing else. How do you propose we arrange that?"

My heart-rate, among other things, picked up at the thought of Camille peeing herself, hammer meet nail, "You could just have the same thing happen to you that happened to her? Wait till she has a shower, knock on the door frantically, wait five minutes and if she hasn't let you in you pee."

Camille frowned, "Uninspired. We can definitely do better than that."

We talked about it for a while but Camille wasn't satisfied with any of our ideas. I thought she'd decided not to do it at all.

"I have to pee." Camille said calmly as we stood on the footpath and waited for Anne to pick us up.

"Did you want to go back inside and go?" I certainly didn't want her to, but felt I should at least sound like I was considerate.

She narrowed her eyes at me, "No." The vowel was stretched out in a mixture of confusion and irritation.

"Oh!" I said in realisation, "You're doing the thing! The thing with Anne!"

"That is a thing that I am doing."

My heart started to race a bit at the imminent prospect of Camille flooding her tights. I may have forgotten to talk for a bit. Perhaps longer than is socially appropriate.

"So how are you planning to do it?" I eventually asked.

"There he is." Camille rolled her eyes but continued. "Depends on her choices I guess. But I'm 100% going to wet myself in front of her, one way or another."

Before I could ask her any more questions Anne pulled up in front of us in her car.

We both thanked her multiple times for driving all the way across the city to get us. Particularly since it was pretty late. She assured us that it was fine and she needed a break from studying anyway.

I was on the edge of my seat waiting for the show to begin.

"Hey Anne?" Camille said, "Would you be able to stop at a servo or something. I need to pee."

"Really?" Anne's voice had an edge of annoyance, "Didn't your mother ever tell you to go before you left?"

"I forgot..."

"Well..." Anne considered, "It's pretty late and I have to get up early tomorrow for work. Can't you just wait till we get home?"

"I guess so. But I'd rather stop. How about if we happen to pass one? Just stop real quick?"

"Fine. Real quick." Anne grudgingly conceded.

I wasn't sure where Camille was going with that. If Anne stopped she'd just have to go to the bathroom. Which would quite ruin our plan.

And sure enough, before I knew it, Anne was pulling into the forecourt of a petrol station. "I should really fill up anyway."

"I'll buy the petrol!" Camille volunteered, "Pay you back for picking us up! After I pee real quick."

Anne thanked her and Camille headed inside. I slumped back in disappointment. That was quick.

Anne filled the car and we chatted a little about tea while Camille was inside. After a minute she came back out.

"They wouldn't let me use the toilet." She grumbled as she slid back into the car. "Apparently they lock them after eleven."

"Do you want me to try a different servo?" Anne asked, She seemed more solicitous than before.

Camille chewed her lip, "No. Lets just go home. I can hang on."

"Ok... Just don't pee in my car all right?" Anne joked.

Camille giggled at the thought. But I wondered whether she just might. The car ride had just got interesting again.

My girlfriend was either desperate or doing a good job of faking desperation. She demonstrated the too frequent leg crossing and unnecessary shifting of a girl trying not to make it obvious that she badly needed to pee. But I had the sense that it might have been for Anne's benefit. I also noticed that Anne wasn't taking the quickest route home. Maybe she just wasn't familiar with the roads on this side of the city, or maybe she was trying to extend the drive to Camille's detriment. I had no idea. But she managed to make a half hour drive take more than forty-five minutes.

Camille's hands had slipped into her crotch. From the back seat I didn't have a very good view but I'd never seen Camille desperate enough to do that. If she wasn't acting she had to be getting close to having an actual accident. Could she have misjudged herself enough for that to happen? I lived in hope.

"Are you OK?" Anne asked Camille quietly.

She just shook her head a little. Like she didn't want me to notice. Or because talking might trigger a leak.

"You'll make it. Try counting. Take your mind off it."

Anne was saying all the right things. But I noticed she was driving about ten under the speed limit. And she took another turn that was a couple of minutes slower than going straight for a few more blocks.

Camille had stopped shifting about and was sitting still and small. Head bowed as if in prayer and her hand lodged firmly in her crotch. I was thrilled but also worried that maybe she wasn't acting and had really pushed herself too far. I didn't want her to be in actual pain.

Anne pulled up in front of their house and she and I jumped out of the car. Camille didn't. I don't remember who opened her door but I had to help her out of the car seat. It was dry. I'd half expected that Camille might have already lost control.

She limped slowly across the footpath, through the gate, and started up the path to the front door in tiny steps.

"Have you got her?" Anne asked me, "I'll go open the door."

But the moment the Anne turned away Camille gasped loudly, deliberately loudly, and pushed me away from her.

I knew what was coming and looked straight at her crotch. Even in the half shadows cast by their overgrown garden I could clearly see the sudden wetness explode across, and through, the tight fabric. Camille spread her legs slightly and dropped a few inches into a half crouch. Pee splashed onto the brick pavers and back up onto her shoes.

It seemed to go on for a long time. Eventually she stood back up.

"Oh my god! I'm so sorry." Anne gushed as she gave her roommate a careful hug to avoid getting any of the pee on herself.

"I can't believe I just did that." Camille moaned.

"At least you didn't do it in my car." Anne kidded.

I grabbed Camille's outstretched hand and we all went inside. Anne to her room and Camille and I to the bathroom to clean her up.

I shut the door as Camille peeled her tights off.

"Best actress Oscar?" She asked with a grin as I turned around.

*072*2018-05-14 00:25

{{On 5/7/2018 at 12:44 PM, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was awesome and yes Camille does get the best actress Oscar ^^

}}

{{On 5/8/2018 at 5:05 AM, Ondinist said:

Great story!

}}

{{On 5/10/2018 at 5:22 PM, remos6 said:

I'm starting to run out of superlatives to describe this story - superb Katy, simply superb! Encore, encore (preferably with even more bedwetting )

}}

Thanks! I've outlined the next chapter and you might be pleased.

{{On 5/7/2018 at 9:02 PM, Manowar said:

O god... that was amazing. Did Anne feel better when she saw her roomie wetting herself? That is the question. I am waiting for next chapter. I wonder if girls will talk about both accidents... (in case of Camille it was "accident" but u know what I mean )...

}}

{{On 5/7/2018 at 11:38 PM, Tali'zorah said:

I wonder why Anne was taking longer routes? Was she interested in seeing that happen? I wonder. Anyway, fantastic chapter.

}}

Hard to say if Anne felt better or not. Or why she didn't follow the narrator's opinion on the quickest route. I left Anne's motivations and feelings pretty ambiguous because the narrator honestly doesn't have much idea what she really feels about anything. I figure the reader gets to choose.

*076*2018-05-15 23:12

{{3 hours ago, wetisthebest said:

I love Camille! I wish I had a Camille in my life. Also, I tried her attitude out in real life recently one night when my boyfriend and I were on our way home from a bar. He really had to pee. We were about ten minutes away and I told him "I think you should just pee your pants" in those exact words. Unfortunately, he laughed it off and just found some alley to quickly pee in. If only he'd realized how serious I was, but I don't think he would have done it either way. It's a shame haha and I'm too embarrassed to tell him about my fetish. Hoping to work up the courage soon...

He actually makes a lot of jokes along the lines of "I know you love pee" and about peeing on me and stuff, and I always respond accordingly, completely serious, but he probably just thinks I'm joking. He also gets desperate a lot and fairly quickly, I guess he just has a small bladder, and especially when he's been drinking, so I get to see him desperate fairly often but he has always found somewhere to just whip it out and pee so far. It's a shame for me, but I also don't want him to be upset or embarrassed if he did pee his pants, which I know he would be. So it's difficult I'd love it if this kind of a relationship like Camille and her guy have could happen for me, but I'm not counting on it. Either way, great story!

}}

Yeah. This is pretty clearly a fantasy unfortunately. Glad you are enjoying it though!

Unsolicited advice; If I were you I'd consider just telling him. The first time you tell a guy it's amazingly embarrassing and hard; I've been there. But there isn't a huge amount of downside and there is considerable upside. A fair amount of people will at least indulge their partner occasionally. Even if you don't get A Camille/narrator relationship out of it!
