Paper Mario: A Wet Sticker

Author: wheatley

*000*2015-10-20 03:57

Just a kind of idea I got from new paper Mario RP on roblox.

A little thing I found from RP

###

Ah, the Mushroom kingdom. Beautiful skies, crafty grass, the goombas walking around like nincompoops, everything is just fine.

Or rather it WOULD be fine if it weren't for the fat turtle guy and his retarded minions.

"HEY! SHUT UP!"

That was Bowser (you know, that turtle guy). He was at his throne room with his top commanders, Mr. L and Rendum. Mr. L went to work for bowser after Count Bleck was defeated, and rendum was a blue shyguy who might have hit his head as a kid, cause he's retarded as hell. Alright, so they're at the throne room which is open with a terrace and a cage, which was holding a victim.

"Let me go jerks!" said the victim, in a voice known all too well.

"Shut up!" Mr. L said as he shocked the victim. Yes he has electric powers, deal with it! "you're being held captive under the name of King Koopa!"

"hehe, I love this man! anways, he's right. we're using you as bait for that pesky plumber!" Bowser then said in a smile.

"This is unfair! unsticker like!" said the victim, who is now revealed to be Kersti. She was held captive to be used to power the gang and get Mario to get them. With Mario out of the way, nothing can stop Bowser from getting the Mushroom kingdom. But onto more pressing matters.

"jerks..." Kersti was held captive and was permitted from escaping. What was worse, the way of nature. All living paper characters need to drink, which meant they needed to pee. even shiny stickers with no limbs. Kersti had drank quite the load of water before getting captured. i'll explain here:

(3 hours ago)

Kersti was hanging around the warm fuzzy plains checking out the area. She drank a mysterious shroom shake she got from a man in a mask. It had diuretic effects, what a surprise. Before she could head to toad town she got caught in a jar. a very secure jar.

"gotcha! alright Bowser, let's go on with the plan!"

After that they went to E. Gadd's lab, used her power to charge them with energy, and found out about her. You know what happened then.

(Present)

Kersti was getting very desperate. with no arms or legs, she had to bend or fold herself to try and keep in control. it didn't go well.

'what am I gonna do? I gotta go SO BAD!' she thought.

"BOWSER!" said a goomba running in.

"WHAT IS IT!?"

"WE'VE CAUGHT MARIO!"

"EXCELLENT! GWAHAHAHAHAHA!"

"WHY ARE WE SHOUTING!?" said Rendum

"JUST SHUT UP AND GO!" bowser yelled.

Outside Mario and his friends were standing outside ready to charge in.

"BOWSER!" Mario said. "WE KNOW YOU HAVE KERSTI!"

"Hand her over or we'll have to use brute force!" Goombella screamed.

"Not a chance you turkeys! KOOPA PACK! ATTACK!"

A bunch of minions came out to take them out. They had to fight through hordes of enemies, doing very effectively. Mario got a fire flower and shot at them.

'Mario, please hurry!' she thought. she was starting to get impatient and leak a bit.

Meanwhile the battle outside was getting intense. Bowser and his commanders went out to take care of them.

"Game on now! 1v1 Koops!" Mr. L said as he charged at Koops.

Rendum got in his car and charged at Goombella.

"Well, just us Mario. just like old times?"

"just like old times!" Mario ran at bowser, but he got punched in the face and lost his powerup. While the battle was getting intense, Kersti was trying to find a way to get out.

'ooh, Mario you better hurry!'

After Bowser, Mr. L and Rendum got their butts kicked, they went to find Kersti. They finally made it up after a LONG run.

"Kersti! it's a me! Mari-"

"Yes, yes, yes, just get me out please! I'm gonna lose it!"

"aw come on! first me, now Kersti?" Goombella said. They got her out and rushed her out of the castle.

They made it out to the lava pits, where she about lost it.

"Alright, we finally made it. Ok now you can-"

Koops was interrupted when Kersti lost it. She had made quite a puddle at the stone pad they were standing on.

"yikes, uh, sorry Kersti..."Koops said after she finished.

"I- it's fine..." Kersti said with a sad expression on her face.

"hey, it'll be fine. you'll dry out in the sun. I've been through this before, I know." Goombella said.

They went off after that strange event, and Bowser had to pay for cleaning.

THE END

