Meagan & the Gentleman: Giving Thanks

Author: Weasel

*000*2018-04-25 04:01

Hey, folks. Sorry for the long delay -- but I think you'll understand, when you see the size of this thing! In fact, it's over 10,000 words and still not done. This is just part one, and I'll post a few more bits shortly. The last two parts have yet to be written. I don't usually do this, posting a story that's not yet fully written out, but I couldn't keep you waiting any longer (ironic, I suppose, for a desperation fic writer).

Part of my problem was being busy at work; part of my problem is that this story is definitely an autumn story (crunchy fallen leaves and so on) and it's spring-going-on-summer in my part of the world, so I've been having a hard time getting into the mood!

I'll post the usual links, then let you get to reading.

(Volume 2 links only; if you want Volume 1, PM me)

Sexting

Cabin in the Woods

City Lights

###

Fall arrived with a hint of winter in the back of the wind. Leaves blew across the paths and crunched underfoot. Pumpkins were suddenly everywhere. (So were Christmas displays, but people of good taste chose to ignore these until after Thanksgiving.) Parker’s breath fogged in the morning as he crunched to class; then it fogged all day long. Meagan started wearing jeans and a sweatshirt everywhere, and Parker loved this. Then she added a woolly hat, and this made her cuter still.

Parker was particularly looking forward to Thanksgiving break. A whole week off. The year before he’d gone home for Thanksgiving, but it had cost his dad a lot of hours on the road picking him up and driving him back, and besides, the much-longer Christmas break was just a few weeks away. So it felt like too little time visiting for such a long travel time.

Besides, Meagan was staying on-campus too. She was quite happy about this.

“It’s gonna be so much fun,” she said. “We’ll do our own Thanksgiving, just you and me, and we’ll have the campus to ourselves… we’ll have my room to ourselves…”

The only dark spot on the horizon was the fight Meagan had with her mother about not coming back. “She wants me home,” Meagan said. “And, honestly, I see why… the whole family comes together. It’s a big deal. But I told her I’ve got too much work to do, because I would much rather spend the week here with you than back in a town that drives me crazy.” She sighed. “But I think mom knows I’m not really telling her everything… she got pretty pissed when I said I wasn’t coming back until Christmas.” She sighed. “Christmas is gonna suck. Which makes me want to go home even less.”

“Anything I can do?” Parker asked.

“Nah. Nothing more than you’re already doing. And what you’re going to be doing. Hey, speaking of, what do you want to do that week? Remember, we’ll have the room to ourselves…”

“Oh, I remember,” Parker said with feeling. “I definitely remember.”

“Wanna do anything special?”

“I did have an idea or two.”

“So did I. You first.”

“I was hoping we could do some desperation—”

“Oh, totally. I figured.”

“—But I wanted to go a little farther this time.”

“Farther?”

He took a deep breath. “If you’re okay with it, I was hoping we could play around the whole week. A bit like we did at the cabin. I was thinking… I was wondering if I could decide where and when you got to pee all week.”

Meagan grinned. “Maybe not all week,” she said, coyly. “But definitely we can do that for some of it.”

“Why not all week?”

“A, I need to get some work done, and B, remember that it’s tiring? I don’t think I could do it all week.”

“Okay—how about this? You have to ask me permission to pee, but I promise I’ll say yes if we’re working or when you need to take a day off. And you’ll get some power over me. Say, you decide whether or not I get to come?”

She laughed, low and sultry. “Oh, lover, you do know how to sell me something… ’Kay, we can do this—if I get an override.”

“Of course. Consent first. But that means I get an override on coming.”

“Mmm, I just figured if you came I wouldn’t punish you any.”

“Balance, hon.”

“Fair enough. But I’m gonna need to pee more often than we have sex. So… let’s say I get one override per day and you get one override for the week.”

“You’ve got a deal.”

“I can’t wait…”

“Oh, but you will. And so will I.”

###

The Friday before Spring Break was a traditional time for parties. The Friday before Thanksgiving Break generally just meant a lot of people going home. Dacy wasn’t one; she left Saturday morning. Therefore, Meagan had decreed, the break didn’t start until they had the room to themselves.

Dacy took a little longer to get out the door than expected, so Parker made all three of them breakfast. Once Dacy was gone, however, Meagan and Parker didn’t immediately jump into bed together. Well, they did, but fully clothed, and just to watch TV episodes that Parker had ripped from DVD. Nothing even remotely sexy happened until Meagan got up to go to the bathroom.

“Where are you headed?”

“Bathroom.”

“Have you asked permission?”

She grinned. “Sorry, forgot. May I go to the bathroom, please?”

“You may,” he said graciously.

Maybe this little exchange got them thinking. After the episode finished, Meagan rolled over onto her belly, bare feet kicked up behind her, chin rested on her hands, and said, “I think I’m done with TV for today.”

“So what do you want to do now?” Parker asked.

She wriggled a little. The effect was a little spoiled by the fact that she was wearing sweatpants. But only a little.

It turned out she wasn’t wearing anything under those sweats. Or under her t-shirt. Some time later, Parker was behind her, thrusting deep, holding on to her hips. Meagan was keeping her weight up with one arm, using her free hand to wield her vibrator.

“Oh, by the way,” she said over her shoulder, between her panting breath, “you have my permission to come.”

“Thank you. Forgot that…”

“Thought you might have. But I want you to. Come in me…”

Afterward, Meagan stood up with a satisfied smile, stretching. “’Kay, I should pee. May I?”

“Of course. Safety first. I’ll do the same.”

Meagan pulled on her light robe and slipped out into the hall. Parker pulled his sweats on and went down to the boy’s bathroom. Meagan was waiting in the doorway when he came back, holding her robe closed with one hand.

“It’s a good thing we’re alone,” she said. “It’s incredibly obvious what we were just up to.”

“Nobody’s business even if we weren’t,” Parker said.

“Yeah, but think of the advantages,” she replied, and let her robe fall open.

“I take your point…”

But in fact they weren’t totally alone. Gerard, their jovial RA, had drawn the short straw to watch the dorm over the break. He was down at the far end of the opposite hallway, however, all the way across the lobby. Since he was the only other person in the building, they actually saw him a little more than usual, and wound up eating together in the dorm kitchen several times. But he gave them plenty of room, and they definitely had the whole hallway to themselves

Sunday was a work day, theoretically. Meagan didn’t want to spend too many days goofing off until she’d gotten a few projects done. But it was a lazy-Sunday kind of day, and while some work occurred, it was occasionally interrupted by making out. Meagan had gotten into the routine of asking for Parker’s permission to pee, but since she’d expressed a desire to get work done, he hadn’t refused her yet.

Monday morning they woke each other up with more make-outs, and when Meagan asked if she could go pee, Parker considered it for a second and said, “Hmm… another ten minutes of making out.”

She shook her head. “I actually need to take a dump too, so I’m using my override.”

“Fair enough.” But with his power challenged, he decided he was going to be a little more controlling today.

Over breakfast, however, Meagan said, “I don’t feel like I got enough work done yesterday. I want to finish up my essay before we do anything else.”

“Want my help?”

“Just help me on stay track. No distractions.”

“I can do that.”

So some hours when she asked, “Bathroom?” he said, “Let me see how much you’ve written.—No, not yet. Two more paragraphs, then you can go.”

Her eyes twinkled. “I see what you’re up to, boy.”

“Just helping you stay on track!”

With this “motivation,” Meagan did indeed finish her essay that day. To celebrate, and because she said she was feeling like a slug, they went to the gym. Most campus buildings were still open for various professors coming and going or—in the case of the athletic center—community members coming in to use the facilities. So the weight room was open but empty. Without any fear of being overheard, Parker was more open and direct.

“Need to go?” he asked Meagan as she did her squats.

“You know it,” she said, not quite smiling because she was lifting a fairly heavy load.

“Well, you can’t, not yet. Keep going!”

“I hadn’t even asked yet, goofball.”

“Yeah, but I could see it in you.”

“I can go a lot longer than this. Even doing squats.”

“Oh yeah? Just for that, you’re going to have to.”

By her last set, Meagan was noticeably locked down tight. After finishing, she stood breathing hard and drinking water with her legs casually crossed. “Now do I get to go?” she asked, between sips.

“Nope.”

Meagan cast a slightly-imploring glance at the women’s room as they walked past it, and then drew in a sharp breath as they stepped outside into the cool fall evening. Parker saw her clench her fists, her butt—every muscle—for a moment, before moving on calmly as if nothing were wrong.

Back in their empty dorm, Meagan said, “I’m gonna shower, ’kay?”

“No problem. You just don’t get to pee yet.”

“Really?” she said, one hand on her cocked hip as if she were angry—but her eyes still twinkled. “I am definitely ready to piss, hon, the shower is gonna be hard.”

“So you’re saying you can’t do it? Gonna use an override?”

“Oh, you went there, huh? Doubting me?”

“You just said it’d be hard.”

“Yeah, but that was just me whining. This is you doubting my ability. No way. I’ll totally do it. And to prove it to you, you’re showering with me.”

“Oooooh.”

Rather than having her scout the way and then sneaking him into the girls’ bathroom, as she’d done back in the spring, they simply walked in—with only Gerard in the whole building, it wasn’t like they needed to be secretive. Meagan cast an imploring glance at the bank of empty stalls—and then turned the other way, to the showers. She groaned a bit as her workout shorts hit the floor, and she groaned again as the water started to run.

“Mmmkay, this may be the hardest thing you’ve asked me to do yet,” Meagan said. She took a deep breath, set her jaw, and dived under the water.

“Want some help washing up?” Parker asked.

“Sure,” she said.

He squatted down and began to wash her feet and legs. He went slow, however, and she was done with the upper part of her body much faster. She looked down at him, her hair dark with water, the shower still pouring warmth onto her shoulder, and said, “Taking your time?”

“Why? You need to be somewhere?”

“I need to pee somewhere.”

He soaped up butt and hips, then slid his hands over her bladder. She tensed—no, she was already tense, she spasmed.

“God, I can barely hold it when you do that,” she said.

“I’m barely even pushing.”

“Doesn’t matter…”

“Would you like to let go?”

“Uh, yeah.”

“Go ahead. Pee right here.”

For a couple seconds nothing happened.

“Crap, I’m too locked down,” she muttered.

“Need some help?”

“If you push on me right now, boy, I will end you…”

“Okay. Just relax. Lean on me. Spread your legs. Feel the water running over you.”

A few moments later she gave a little shiver, then a sigh, and the tension drained out of her. Her flow mingled with the water running down her legs and off her body. The scent of her piss wafted up to them on the steam.

“There you go,” he whispered in her ear.

“Whew,” she said after she was drained. “That was really hard. Harder than I thought.”

“You managed, though! You’re so amazing!”

“Yeah, I guess I did,” she said with a chuckle. She turned around to face him and took his erection in her hand. “You’re nice and hard.”

“Mmhm.”

“That turned you on a lot, huh?”

“Yeah, but not half as much as what I’ve got planned for us tomorrow,” he said.

“Tomorrow?” she said, eyebrows going up.

“Yep.”

“I’m gonna warn you, after this my bladder muscles might be a little tired.”

“That shouldn’t be a big problem. I wanna try something different.”

She thought it over. “’Kay, we can do more tomorrow. But there’s a price tag attached.”

“You’re gonna make me wait to come, aren’t you.”

“It’s like you know me,” she said, and kissed him.

###

I'll see if I can get Pt. 2 posted (in this thread) later tonight.

*001*2018-04-25 04:24

In before Melificentfan? Wow, I'm a little quicker about this than I thought. Here's Part 2.

###

Tuesday morning, Parker woke up well before Meagan and spent a while planning out what he wanted to do. He was still thinking hard when he realized she had woken up too, and was watching him with an amused expression.

“What?” he asked.

“Enjoying yourself?”

“Huh?”

She lightly tapped his hard-on. “Clearly you were thinking deep, philosophical thoughts.”

“I was planning,” he said, mock-aggrieved.

“Mmmhmm. I was wondering what you wanted to do differently.”

“So we agreed that I got to control when and where you peed. Well, I’ve been mostly controlling the when. Now I want to play around with where. But I’m not sure how you’ll feel…”

“Try me.”

“Semi-public.”

“How semi?”

“Places you could be seen but aren’t likely to be.”

“That’s a lot of campus, since it’s so empty.”

“Well, that should help, yeah.”

She put on an expression of exaggerated thought. “Hmmmmmm, I don’t know how I—’kay, sure!” she said, her face changing to enthusiastic as she did.

“What, just like that?”

“Like I said, it’s pretty dead around campus this week. This is really the best time to try. So, where’s your first place? Or are you gonna make me wait until after breakfast?”

“So here’s what I was thinking…”

A few minutes later they stood at the door of one of the dorm’s basement exits, which went out into (naturally) a stairway up to ground level. Meagan was wearing her thin robe—and nothing else. She had her arms crossed over her chest and was fidgeting a little, but from pee or cold Parker couldn’t tell.

“Okay, maybe this is the hardest thing you’ve ever asked me to do,” Meagan said.

“Nervous?”

“Chilly. Already. And we’re not even outside yet. It’s November on the other side of that door, y’know.”

“Well, it’s not gonna warm up much if we wait.”

“Yes it will.”

“When?”

“May.”

“If you wanna try holding it that long…”

She curled one leg around her other. “No, I’m totally gonna do it. I’m just waiting to make my bladder motivate me a bit more. Won’t be long. Morning piss, remember?”

“Want some water?”

“Nope.”

“I think I might have some,” Parker said. “It’s so delicious and trickling and flowing…”

“Ain’t gonna work on me, lover.”

“Well, maybe if I—”

“Open the door, hon, I’m goin’.”

“Wait, are you really…?”

“Just about!”

Parker pushed open the sturdy fire-exit door and stepped out into the stairwell, which came up to chest height on him. Meagan followed him out, teeth already starting to chatter. Conveniently there was a floor drain at the bottom of the steps, where they stood, to avoid flooding the stairwell on rainy days. Meagan saw it and positioned herself over it without instruction. She didn’t squat, however, just spread her legs apart. She flicked a glance around at the dorm windows in various directions. “Anyone could be watching,” she muttered.

“At 7am during vacation?”

“Fair enough,” she said. She paused.

“Are you going?”

“Not yet. I haven’t peed in this position before. Gimme a sec…” She bent her knees slightly. “Ahhh, there we go.”

Her yellow stream spurted out and down in the usual mad rush. But it didn’t hit the drain square-on. Quite a lot of it spattered on the concrete… and some of it went on her legs and feet. She shot him a half-amused, half-exasperated look. “I’m gonna need another shower,” she said as her stream tapered to a trickle, then to a drip.

“Totally fine by me,” he said.

“You don’t get to wash me, either,” she said. “You took too long last time.”

“I’ll make breakfast, then, shall I?”

“Good boy.”

*002*2018-04-25 04:28

And Part 3! (But that'll be the last for tonight. The rest tomorrow, I hope?)

###

Over their plates of toast and eggs, Parker asked, “Are you okay with this? You didn’t seem so thrilled.”

“Good eye, but it was mostly the cold. That and bad positioning. I don’t wanna get my clothes wet when we go out. Or my legs. But mostly the cold.”

“Well, yeah, let’s definitely bundle up.”

“At least it looks like it’s gonna be a nice day. No snow yet.”

“And a couple of places I had in mind are indoors.”

“How many times do you want me to piss?”

“Well, I thought of a lot of places, honestly…”

Meagan grinned, hoisted her water bottle as if toasting him, and chugged the rest of it. It was only about one-third full—but it was big, a classic first-generation Nalgene.

“God, you’re awesome,” Parker said.

After finishing breakfast, cleaning up, making the bed, and getting dressed, Meagan said, “So I’m starting to feel it already. Do you want me to hold it until I gotta go bad, or do you just wanna make me run around and piss a lot?”

“Well, both—but you don’t need to be super-desperate, no. We’ve done that a lot.”

“So you wanna head out now?”

“Sure. Bring your water bottle.”

“Bring yours. I’m gonna want more than just one bottle if I’m going to pee all over campus—oh, and we should bring snacks!”

They set out well-equipped for the weather: Parker with his heavy coat on and a wool cap, Meagan in layers with a jacket over a hoodie, scarf wrapped around her neck and draping with her hair across her well-clad shoulders. They both wore jeans, though Meagan had fortified hers with long, thick, and many-colored socks underneath. Their breath fogged, their boots crunched through the fallen leaves across their path, and they held hands—through their gloves.

“’Kay, so where did you want me to go first?” Meagan asked.

“Tyler Hall,” Parker said promptly.

“You know, I’ve never been in there?”

“I haven’t either, that’s why I want to check it out. Remember to keep drinking!”

“I am,” Meagan said, hoisting her bottle. She’d already made a considerable dent in it, and she’d filled it up just fifteen minutes ago.

Tyler Hall was small and little-used. Some of the musicians used it for practice rooms, but otherwise it was mostly empty classrooms—it had been replaced by newer and better buildings. While it was unlocked, it was obvious that nobody had bothered to turn up the heat. It was warmer than outside… but not by much. They explored a little bit, going up to the second floor and poking around. The rooms were dark, lit only by the sunlight from outside, and had a highly abandoned look. The old chairs and desks looked forlorn and dusty.

“Any particular ideas?” Meagan said. “I could piss just about anywhere in here. In a trash can, off a desk… nobody’d be bothered. Nobody would find it for days.”

“Yeah, but I don’t actually want to leave a big mess that someone has to clean up eventually,” Parker said.

“That’s pretty respectful of you. I approve. So what were you thinking instead?”

“Men’s room.”

“Heh. I like the way you think.”

The second-floor men’s room was small and dimly lit, just a stall, a urinal, and a sink.

“Where do you want me?”

“I was thinking urinal.”

“Hmmm… I don’t know if I can do that without splattering! And if we’re going to be out and about all day, I don’t want to get piss on my jeans at our first stop.

“Take ‘em off, maybe?”

“I could… but I just put them on. Could I go in the sink?”

“I’d really like to see you piss in the urinal,” Parker said, “and when else are we going to get a chance like this?”

“Any time this week, probably,” Meagan said, “but mmkay, I can do it. Let me lean on you so I can keep my balance.”

It was a bit of a production, getting her jeans and socks and underwear off without ever touching a bare foot to the floor: she had to get one leg out, then slide it back into her boot, then do the other leg. Eventually Parker was doing his best coatrack impression as he held on to a big portion of her clothes, and she was finally in just her sweatshirt and her boots. It was a strange sight, and strangely alluring, watching her bare-assed in the dim room.

“I gotta say, I am a little excited to try this out,” Meagan said. “Besides, I do need to go…”

“How bad?”

“Oh, I could wait a long time. But I gotta go, and that’s what matters to you, right?” she said. She kissed him on the cheek and stroked his crotch with her hand. He stiffened up quickly.

“So I know how you do this… but how am I supposed to?” Meagan said, looking at the urinal. “I mean, I could get my crotch right up against it, I guess. Or maybe I should back up to it?”

“I don’t mind either way,” Parker said.

“I think I’ll back up to it. I wanna watch your reaction.” She did what she’d described, essentially shoving her bare butt right into the bowl of the urinal.

“Wait until I say it’s okay,” Parker said.

“Really?” Meagan asked, but with a grin.

He waited five seconds, savoring the image, and then said, “Okay, go ahead.”

After a moment of nothing happening, Meagan got a look of concentration for a moment, and then they both heard the spattering of her pee hitting the porcelain. As usual she pissed fast and to the point. She pulled herself out of the urinal, straightened up, and then said, “Can you grab me some toilet paper from the stall? Oh, and get extra, too, I’ll need it later.”

“How was that?” Parker asked as he passed her the paper and pocketed some more.

“Kinda fun!” she said. “A little awkward, but I gotta say, there’s a bit of a thrill.” She grabbed her water bottle, resting on the sink beside her, and took two big swigs. “Peeing where you’re not supposed to… yeah, definitely fun. How was it for you?”

“About the same. It’s fun being a little dangerous…”

“Of course,” Meagan said—taking another big swallow, still naked from hips to boots—“This is barely dangerous at all. Second-story bathroom in the building no one ever goes to, even when it’s not Thanksgiving Break? We can do better.”

“Oh, now that’s getting me excited,” Parker asked, admiring her fourth big gulp of water.

Meagan got dressed, again leaning on his shoulder as she maneuvered around putting her feet on the cold floor, chugged the rest of her water bottle, and then filled it up at the sink.

“’Kay, let’s go!” she said eagerly. “I’m gonna probably have to pee in… oh, about ten minutes, after all that water. Where to next?”

*005*2018-04-30 04:15

I am Bad At Promises, at least when it comes to updates. I should stop making predictions, especially since I don't get over here to omo.org very often.

All right, enough excuses: here's Part 4.

###

“’Kay, let’s go!” she said eagerly. “I’m gonna probably have to pee in… oh, about ten minutes, after all that water. Where to next?”

Actually it took about twenty minutes for her to feel the need again, which was good, because they had to decide on the next good spot.

“I was thinking of the back steps in Cole Hall,” Parker said.

“Good idea, but it’ll be a lot nicer for the janitors if we do that later,” Meagan said. “With the amount I’m drinking, I should be pissing straight water in a bit, and then it’ll be just as if someone spilled their bottle. Let’s do something outside next.”

“Football field, 50-yard line.”

“Hmm, can I propose a place that’s a little less exposed, and also a little closer?”

“Sure.”

“Baseball field dugout.”

“That works.”

The baseball field was fairly far out, but it wasn’t a hugely long walk. So they sat in the dugout and waited for a few minutes while they waited for Meagan to need to go again. This didn’t take too long—and since she was sipping water pretty steadily while they waited, it wouldn’t take long for the next round, either. The “dugout” was actually a three-walled wooden shed, the open side facing the ball field, with a long wooden bench and a concrete floor. A chain-link fence stood between the dugout and the field, with gates at either end.

Meagan stood up and stretched. “’Kay, definitely need to go now. May I?”

“You can wait a few minutes,” Parker said calmly.

“No prob!” she said, all sunny. She paced the dugout a bit, then stood with her legs crossed for a moment.

“Do you really need to go that bad already?” Parker asked.

“Wellll—not quite. I could definitely hold it a while yet. But don’t you like it when I cross my legs?”

“I like it when you need to cross your legs.”

“That’ll come real soon. Can I go?”

“Hmm, I’m thinking about where I want you… Okay, just sit on the edge of the bench and go right on the floor.”

Meagan needed no second bidding. She had her pants and panties down to her knees in a flash and perched herself on the bench as ordered. Her stream had just begun to spatter on the concrete when Parker sharply said, “Wait, someone’s coming!”

She pinched off her stream and yanked her pants back up… most of the way. She didn’t have time to get them totally up over her hips before a couple of women—they looked like locals, not part of the college—walked by with a couple of dogs. Meagan just quickly leaned forward, letting her open jacket dangle on either side and her sweatshirt hang loose over her crotch. It wouldn’t have fooled anyone looking closely, because her waistband was still clearly well below her waist and her jeans were obviously rumpled up around her thighs. But the two women walked through the gate and on out across the baseball field with barely a glance. Only one of the dogs paid much mind, and it shortly trotted along after its pack.

“Shit,” Meagan whispered as the two passersby walked straight on across the outfield. “Once I stop, I really gotta go after that, but if they turn around…”

“Go for it,” Parker said. “Time to be a little more dangerous, huh? Besides, they’re not looking around.”

“I’ll wait another minute…”

“Go ahead and do it now,” Parker said, lightly but firmly.

She grinned. “Oh, I see. Yessir!” She snapped a salute and slid her jeans back to her knees. A second later her pinched-off piss came roaring right out.

“Heh, that was fun,” Meagan said as she finished and wiped off with the toilet paper Parker passed to her. “But I’m really glad I didn’t go with any of my other ideas…”

“Oh?”

“First idea was to piss on home plate. Second idea was to get you a little more warmed up.” She mimed jacking him off.

“Yeah, that could have been seriously awkward.”

“’Kay! Back to Cole Hall?”

“Yup.”

Cole Hall was the home of the Humanities departments on campus—foreign languages, English and Creative Writing, and a few of the other arts programs, plus some administrative offices on the first floor. The biggest auditorium on campus commanded the middle of the building, with seating accessible from all three floors. Two big staircases flanked the auditorium and went upstairs.

But because of the auditorium’s ins and outs, such as side doors to the stage and emergency exits from the balcony, there was a second pair of stairs, much less used and usually overlooked. Parker only knew about them because his old friend and AV mentor, CJ, had mentioned them. The back steps had doors to the outside, to do their emergency-exit job, and Parker was headed for one of these; they were around the side and out of the way, all the better for getting in and out unnoticed. As they passed the library on their way to Cole Hall, Meagan leaned close and said, “Don’t look now, but I already have to pee again.”

“Chugging your whole water bottle worked pretty well, huh?”

“It all went straight through me. Gotta go bad, lover.”

Parker grinned with delight at her phrasing and led the way around one wing to the back-stairs door. But when they got there, it was locked.

“C’mon, I don’t think the whole building’s closed—we can get in through the front door and go through the auditorium,” Parker said. Then he noticed Meagan was standing cross-legged. “Didn’t I say I liked it when you needed to cross your legs?” he said.

“Uh-huh. And now I do,” she said. “I was serious, lover. That whole water bottle’s coming right on through—I don’t have a lot of time.”

“You? Master of the Bladder?”

She chuckled. “My reputation comes back to bite me. Yeah, even still—I really need to pee.”

“Like, wet-your-pants bad?”

“If you keep me standing around outside in the cold for another five minutes, yeah, maybe!”

“Let’s go, then!”

The front doors to Cole Hall were indeed not locked. There were lights on in the registrar’s office, but nowhere else. The auditorium doors weren’t locked either, but the lights were off. As soon as the doors closed behind them, therefore, they’d be in near-total darkness. But Parker saw that all they had to do was walk along the back wall, turn at the corner, and walk down to where the side door to the back steps was located, down near the front of the room. If they kept their hand on the wall, they couldn’t miss it, not with its EXIT sign… and the door had a crash bar, so they’d be able to get out for sure.

Parker also noticed that Meagan was visibly bouncing up and down behind him as he examined the room.

The doors shut, the darkness closed in. Parker set out along the back wall, keeping his hand on it as he went. A few steps along, Meagan said, “Y’know, I could piss right here. Right in the seats.”

“It’d ruin the carpet, love.”

“I know. But it would mean I could pee right now! Nobody could see.”

“Including me—and I don’t wanna miss this.”

“Oh, all right,” Meagan said with mock exasperation. “It was just a suggestion…”

It had seemed so easy, looking at it in the light, but now that it was too dark to see, it felt like it was taking forever. Parker knew, reasonably, that they couldn’t have simply missed the side wall. It was a wall, it wasn’t going anywhere. But he thought he’d be there already, feeling along with one hand on the back wall and one hand out in front so as not to bump his nose (or his brewing erection) on anything. Behind him, Meagan began a little chant: “Gotta pee, gotta pee, gotta pee!”

Finally the wall he was feeling for turned up, and they turned and walked down the rows of seats to where the side door was waiting. But this at least didn’t feel like it was taking forever, nor was there any chance of missing it in the dark, because the green-glowing EXIT sign was there to guide them. The crash bar yielded to Parker’s push, and they stood on the back steps: very old, varnished wood, worn smooth by many feet over many years. It was lighter here, although still pretty dim, because there were windows at intervals.

Meagan immediately undid her belt. “Can I pee right here?” she said.

“Let’s go up to the next landing where the light’s a little better,” Parker said.

She dashed past him up the stairs to where a window lit the landing, and turned, squirming, to face him as he followed her up more slowly. “Now can I pee?”

Grinning at her desperation, feeling the blood of his arousal pounding through his veins, Parker made a show of surveying the scene. “Okay,” he said, “go up a few more steps, and then you can go. I wanna see how far your piss will get. Think you can hit the landing from five steps up?”

“Oh totally, if I aim right,” Meagan said, wriggling. “But I can’t do that with my pants around my ankles, I’m worried about soaking them.”

“Take ‘em off again.”

“No time,” she said a little breathlessly. “Wait, I know. But I’ll need help.” She went up five more steps as ordered, then tore her pants down to her ankles, and sat down on the step. Then she grabbed the hand rail, leaned back, and picked both her feet up—bunched-up pants, panties, shoes, and all. “Hold my feet,” she said, and Parker obliged, lifting her feet up higher. As soon as he had her clothes and boots safely out of the way, Meagan immediately began peeing. It jetted out of her straight and arced down to… yes, the landing.

After the first burst the stream slackened a bit and fell on the steps instead, then dribbled to a halt. But the puddles on each step dripped down to join the ones below them and added to the splash at the landing below.

“Did I get it?” Meagan asked, her view blocked.

“You sure did. I’m impressed.”

“Don’t mess with this bladder when it’s raring to go.”

“Um… actually, I mess with it all the time.”

“Okay, fine. Don’t get in the way of this bladder when it’s raring to go.”

“That I can see—and, yeah. Good advice!”

As Meagan got her clothes straight, Parker bent over one of the puddles and waved his hand toward his nose. “Doesn’t smell at all,” he said. “Anyone comes along, they’d think it was a spill or a leak in the roof.”

“It must be 99.9% water by now.”

“Probably.”

“’Kay! That was definitely fun, going for distance like that—but I’ve had enough to drink I can probably do more.”

“Oh, you will, ‘cause you’re gonna drink lots more on top of all that,” Parker said, handing her his own water bottle.

###

Part 5 is written and will come... soon?

Part 6 is not written yet and will come who knows when. But I'm not giving up, don't worry. There's just lots to do.

*008*2018-05-01 00:26

I'm pretty sure "Season 1" was around 38,000 all by itself, so yes, well over 50k by now.

And here comes some more:

###

They stepped out of the emergency exit to the back corner where they’d tried to get in at first (the door was not locked from the inside, as good emergency exits never are). “Where to next?” Meagan asked.

“I was thinking back-campus. Have you pee in a tree somewhere.”

“Oh, we’ve done that before,” Meagan said. “Boring. But I know just the place: the Pipe in the Sky.”

“Where now?”

“You haven’t seen the pipe? Oh, we are definitely going, then.”

They trooped across campus again—crossing the baseball field, but not pausing at the dugout—going down the one gentle hill and then up a slightly steeper one and coming at last to the edge of the woods. (Meagan was once again sipping water every minute or so, but no big gulps this time.) Here she took the lead, confidently setting out on one path into the woods, turning with certainty at various crossroads.

It was a long way out, further out into the woods than Parker had ever been. He was grateful it was a clear day, and that many of the leaves were down to let in more light. But clearly the rain had left its mark; the path was muddy in many places.

“Maybe I should just squat down and add to the puddle,” Meagan said as they navigated through a particularly mucky patch on the trail.

“Please don’t, for multiple reasons.”

Suddenly a small valley opened up at their feet, maybe fifty yards wide. Across the valley stretched a big metal pipe, about two and a half feet in diameter, supported on concrete piers. At its middle it was roughly forty feet off the ground.

“Behold the Pipe in the Sky!” Meagan intoned.

“Um,” Parker said. “Are we going to cross that?”

“Better,” Meagan said. “I’m going to piss off it.”

Parker’s eyebrows announced their reluctance.

“Oh, come on, it’s pretty safe,” Meagan said. “It’s not as hard to keep your balance as you might think. Although I’ve never actually tried to drop my pants while I was standing on it…”

“I really don’t think this is a good idea. And for the record, ‘Oh, come on, it’s pretty safe’ is not really reassuring. I think… yeah, I think you’re not peeing here.”

“Pleeeeease? I’ve always wanted to do this!”

“Wait, really?”

“Well, I’ve always wanted to do this for the last twenty minutes!”

“I just see so many ways this could go wrong.”

Meagan let go of his hand and lightly strode out onto the pipe. Parker gulped and felt his heart rate spike. But Meagan walked calmly forward, not even stretching her hands out for balance. About ten yards out, hands still in her pockets, she turned around and grinned at him. “See?” she said. “Come on out.”

He shook his head.

“Think about it. This pipe is more than two feet wide. If you walk on the exact top of it, you barely even notice that it’s curved. Just act like you’re walking on the yellow stripe down the middle of the road.”

“That is not a thing I have ever done.”

“No? Well, I guess you haven’t spent as much time as I have in small towns… Here, take my hand.” She came back to where pipe met valley’s edge and reached out for him.

His stomach and his heart seemed to be swing-dancing, but Parker took her hand and followed her out. Somewhat to his surprise, she was absolutely right: the pipe itself under his feet felt broad and stable. And her strong grip on his wrist was steadying. So that just meant that the only scary part was the way they were now twenty feet up over a rocky gully.

“Still haven’t figured out how to drop my pants,” Meagan said.

“You really want to do this.”

“Don’t you?”

“It’d be way easier for me, though.”

“Aha! So you do want to.”

“I just don’t want to see you lose your balance and go right over and then I’d have to go back for help and explain why you’re lying at the bottom of the valley with your pants around your ankles.”

“Okay, I can see why that would be an awkward conversation to have.”

“And I really really really don’t want to you to die or wind up broken because of my thing about pee.” His voice was raw with worry. “I love you, Meagan…”

She caressed his cheek. “You are so sweet. Mmkay. I won’t do it if you don’t want me to.” She grinned. “But in that case, pick a tree for me to pee in, ‘cause this girl’s gotta go.”

Parker thought for a moment. “Well, hang on. Do you think you could squat, if I were holding your hand?”

“I wasn’t gonna squat, I was gonna bend over, and yes, I wouldn’t want to do that without holding your hand.”

“Let’s try it without the peeing, see if we can even do that.”

“’Kay!”

It was not hard, especially if Parker planted both feet on one of the concrete piers, which were flat-topped.

“Oh, yeah, easy,” Meagan said, and she started to undo her belt.

“Hang on, I’m still nervous about this part,” Parker said. “But we can do it, I just want you to take your pants off back on solid ground.”

“You really want my pants off a lot today,” Meagan said with a grin, but followed him back off the pipe, found a handy tree to lean on, and started changing. Once again clad in nothing between her sweatshirt and her boots, she stepped back out onto the pipe. Parker followed close behind.

“So if you thought that explaining me down on the ground with my pants at my ankles would be hard…” she murmured.

He chuckled.

“How far out do you want me to go?”

“Here’s fine.”

“You sure you don’t want me to go a little farther?”

“Well…”

“Whatever you decide, love, do it fast, ‘cause I am freezing my ass off. Also my knees. And that makes me need to go a lot worse. Which is a challenge, ‘cause I can’t really cross my legs on this pipe…”

“Just go here, then.”

Meagan bent over and crouched slightly. This provided just enough of an angle that she didn’t need to worry about her boots. As usual she peed fast in a big explosive burst—fast enough that her first drops had only barely hit the ground far below when the last ones trickled out. She carefully straightened up, holding tight to his hand, grinning from ear to ear, and glanced over her shoulder at the gully below. Her wet spot was too far down to be visible, but she didn’t seem to mind. “That was fun,” she said. “Now it’s your turn. But I wanna try something.”

“Oh?”

Without another word she stepped (carefully) closer, unzipped his fly, and maneuvered his (somewhat hard) penis through his boxers. She cradled it in her hand, then said, “’Kay, love. Whenever you’re ready.”

It took him a minute, between the cold and her hand and his hard-on. But Meagan waited patiently, holding him loosely, until a small spurt escaped. That opened the spigot. Meagan giggled with delight as she waved his cock around, making arcs and patterns in his piss as it fell toward the gully floor. He pissed a little more than she had—since he hadn’t gone since back at the dorm, while she had pissed four times—and longer, and rather more yellow.

He squeezed out a few last drops. Meagan shook him off, then produced toilet paper from her pocket and wiped off both of them. Not having a trash can, she shrugged and tossed the wads down.

“That’s littering!”

“It’s biodegradable, it won’t last long,” she said.

“Still—”

“Are you volunteering to go down and pick it up?”

“Um.”

“Good. ‘Cause I got other things we could do.” She was still holding him by the cock, and she stroked him several times as she spoke. “Do you wanna fuck me right here on the pipe, before I put my pants back on? If I got down on all fours I’d have an even more stable grip.”

“Uh.”

“Imagine it!” she said. “Just imagine. And remember our piss falling all the way down…”

“Yeah,” he said, responding to her caressing and her imagining. “Yeah. I could do that…”

“Too bad,” she said, dropping his dick. “You’ll just have to wait. That’s too risky for me, and I’m too damn cold right now. But you know what you don’t have to wait for? Lunch!”

As soon as she’d gotten her jeans and panties back on, they took out the snacks they’d brought with them, sat down on the pipe, and ate with their legs swinging. They ate their snacks and drank water, Meagan knocking back far more than Parker, and talked. Their conversation wandered to many other things, including their plans for Thanksgiving, just two days away.

“You don’t mind it being just us?” Parker asked.

“No, I really don’t,” Meagan said. “My family has pissed me off too fuckin’ much this week already, no need for more. You’re the only one I want around right now.”

He put his arm around her shoulder, drew her close, kissed her head. “Thank you,” he said.

“Totally welcome.”

A moment later she spoke again: “But if you want turkey you’re gonna need to find another cook.”

“Well, I was thinking I could make soup.”

“Oh yeah? What kind?”

“Split pea. That works well with this weather. And I could make cookies.”

“Oh, honey,” Meagan said, “sold.”

After finishing up their snack lunch (and cleaning up after themselves more carefully, since Parker was still feeling a little irked about the toilet paper), Meagan said, “So guess what.”

“Gotta go again?”

“Mmmhmm! Turns out drinking a full water bottle three times over makes me need to pee. Where to now?”

###

Next up: the thrilling conclusion -- of Tuesday. (Tuesday during Meagan & Parker's Thanksgiving Break, that is.) Yeah, that's right, we're not even halfway through the week.
