Schumann Burstin'

Author: westegg

*000*2013-08-18 16:59

The introduce yourself board on forums is usually a quiet place, so I'd like to say hello to you all with a little story.

###

Samantha was sitting quietly in the corner of the 'green room', the waiting room behind the concert hall. A twenty-one year old student of Music, her university holds a music festival each year for graduates and virtuoso new students alike to display their talents to the public, adoring parents, fellow students and teachers - whoever wants to watch. Quietly she's fingering the notes on an invisible piano, the same notes over and over again. She's nervous, doesn't feel prepared. She wishes she's just played her piece once more - Schumann's Kinderscenen. The audience are in, and the first performance is already underway. Samantha is up third, in around fifteen minutes. She feels the need to pee but she knows that nervous adreneline has this effect and ignores it, it will go away when she begins. She also feels thirsty, but she's much too worried to drink. She gives up with the imaginary piano, drops her head and rubs her temples.

One foot steps into view, a black shoe on the end of a black trouser leg. Then another - identical, it must be the same person. She looks up to see Tim, a genius with his voice in song but the most annoying joker she's met yet. She knows he's handsome, she knows that he's, in his unique way, funny, and she knows that she would love for him to take her out, but she very nearly has a headache and as she gazes up at him, she realises there is nobody she's rather see less at this moment.

"Nervous" he asks with mismatching gay abandon.

That was clearly unnecessary.

"It's a big crowd." Something in his voice screams for a slap. He holds out an almost empty bottle of water. "It'll calm your nerves, trust me." She takes it, opens it and sniffs. It smells of, well, it has no smell. She drinks from it. Realising it's only water, and the wetness of it realising her thirst was quite desperate, and her throat dry and sore, she gulps it down. Tim, of course, continues talking like an arse, while she sits there emptying his bottle in silence, going over her performance. She finishes the bottle and eyes it.

"Refill?" She nods. "I told you. You feel better now. Relax."

Taken aback by the moment of serenty in his usually grating voice, she suddenly wants him to come back, a friendly face to keep her mind off the imposing hell. But he's gone, a little silence. No less than five minutes later, he's back. The bottle is now full and he hands it to her while inviting himself to sit next to her. She commences to drink once again, as he continues his jibber. She doesn't notice how occasionally he throws in the word "wet", or "water" - the latter being part of the conversation literally in hand. He's telling her a story to calm her nerves now, she realises, ignoring how there was a "leak" in the ceiling and it was "dripping onto the floor beside him all performance long. Drip, drip, drip". He's even bold enough to mention that he's "desperate to pee", which she overlooks as he grabs the now empty bottle from her to refill that and empty himself.

"Much better" he smiles - again with a full bottle.

"No, I'm okay now." She takes it anyway, just to hold. At some point he takes it from her to drink, and out of some subconscious jealousy she takes a couple of sips. The audience, she hears are now in rapturous applause, for the second performer. She's up. How did the time go, so? It was in the distant future, not long ago. Three pieces - Schumann's Kinderscenen Numbers One, Three and Eleleven. She stands, breathes in, nerves at their height and a sudden urge for the toilet results. She marches on, up the stairs and into a tungsten heaven.

She steps out into view - crosses the stage to a polite, welcoming audience. It feels like a long way, each step feeling more and more nervous and more and more like she needs to pee. It's a big room, Seating easily 1000 on multiple tiers and the majority of those seats are full. Careful not to show the crowd more than they asked for in her short, flowing evening dress, she slides between the piano and stool and sits. Catching a glance at the stool, she notices a small line of darker felt, approximately where she might expect sweat from the very nervous previous occupant would be expected to pool. She's disturbted to realise that she isn't even slightly disgusted by this, with a much more serious quandary facing her.

She raises her hands above the notes, prepares to begin, with a very sudden desire to urinate but she's here now, no turning back. With a tiny gasp undetected to the audience and as if they were joined by a direct nerve, her bladder control and her hands act as one. Dropping her hands to play the first notes, she feels a faint drop of pee leak into her panties. She's playing now, so no stopping. She can hold it in.

Finally, the end of number One. She pauses for a moment, the room silent. She feels as though everybody knows what shes's done and what she needs to do, but she persuades herself, in this short moment between the pieces, that they dont. Unfortunately, next is part Three, the longest. Desperate not to push her hands on her crotch, she raises her hands once again to play. Play she does, but it's slow and the melody falls like water. Very suddenly she feels another squirt erupt into her newly damp panties, gasps quietly, blushing fully but playing consistantly.

Surely everybody in the room can smell it, the very small amount of pee that she had just unequivocally gushed out? Surely they can see it? Towards the end of the middle piece now, nearly home and nearly dry... but with another crushing pull in her bladder another squirt wets her pretty and pale cotton panties. She's almost in tears, she wants to get off stage. Everyone is laughing at her, she can think of nothing other than how everyone is clearly laughing at her. She finishes number Three. Silence reigns.

No laughter.

Now in a rush, she gives barely a moments pause before undertaking Eleven, the final, short piece; the scary one, full of jumps. She doesnt even hover her hands over the keyboard in preperation, but she ploughs on. Straight into it, slow beginning. Please hurry. Please get through this. She feels her bladder about to overflow, she is weeping as she plays, albeit inwardly. All at once the abrupt quick section begins, a tear falls from her eye, in the rush, and onto her dress and she realises the toilets are minutes away from the stage.

Without any warning, but with the wetness of the tear and the realisation and the frantic music, she feels a huge squirt flow into her underwear. It feels warm and pleasing, pleasing only to relieve the strain, but not here, not with 900 people watching. Nobody can see from the side that she is crying but her eyes are now streaming, and her pee inevitably will soon be too. The piece ends, yet she knows the last eruption was the final warning. It was huge, she knows it. She could feel it creeping up the seat of her panties as she played.

The audience applauds loudly and receptively. Her heightend state had, perhaps, drawn a majestic performance, but she's on the brink, and she must bow. She must stand up, bend over and stand back up again, all will be a test - and then she must walk off, and then she must find the toilet. She knows, she is positive she wont make it. "Perhaps I can find somewhere to do it without being noticed" she suggests... "but in a theatre?" she replies. She's standing now, facing the audience who can now see the tears. She even hears an 'aww' from a few close members of the cheerful plaudits. She bends over, and suddenly it gives way, it was too much. She feels herself losing control of her bladder, right there, mid bow. She whimpers to the floor, as if to beg it to do something, to swallow her up, then moans as she feels it begin to flow out.

The audience realise by now something is very wrong, she should have finished her bow - but the closest can hear it. They can hear the warm pee dropping from her wet panties onto the hard floor of the stage, and they can see it bounce back up as it hits. Suddenly silence, everyone has now stopped applauding, the sound of pee hitting puddle on hard floor bounces all around the perfectly shaped theatre. Gasps from various sections as Samantha drops to her knees in defeat, the pee still flowing through her soaked panties.

She pushes a hand to her crotch, as if she could stop it, adopting the hold-it-back pose in some hope that she could reverse the damange and in her desperate state pushes the front of the dress onto her crotch too. He hand where it is and the intense relaxation, like an awful weight lifting itself from her, faintly provides some relief to the disaster. With not long passed, she regains control and stops the flow, mortified. She runs off stage, through the green room. The tears are flowing from her as everyone waiting to perform watches her with confused apprehension.

She reaches the door, not looking up, and hits something. Something strong and stiff and unmoving - Tim.

"How did it go?"

She looks at him now, in the eyes, and lets out a shocked gasp through the tears.

"Oh, I see. Not so well, huh?" His eyes had not yet left his face. He drops them, her legs glisten a little in a particular light. "Oh." His face lights and he smiles broadly. "Had a little accident?"

"You..." She tries to insult him, but all words evaporate from her mind as she attempts to call on them. "You made me..."

"I did nothing. You drank my water." She reels in horror, and lifts up her skirt so the entire room can see what she did to her pretty, pale blue cotton panties. The other occupants of the green room, now directing their attention undividedly at Sam and Tim, would only know they were actually pale blue because a small portion at the front, and but a thin band at the rear, were pale; the rest a much more darker shade now.

"You did that to yourself" he informs her, reaching a hand towards her, as if he would be permitted to touch her. She pushes his hand away before he reaches, and runs out of the stunned room.

Fin.

###

I wrote this on a whim for another audience, a smaller one than this forum. I'm a professional writer, but not of fictional prose like this. I'm also a great lover of fiction, reading it, and this board seems incredibly busy and filled with skilled wordsmiths, so I can only hope that this is an appropriate method of saying 'hello'.

