Pokemon Super Mystery Dungeon

Author: wheatley

*000*2015-12-22 06:45

I recently got pokemon super mystery dungeon for the Nintendo 3DS and I FRICKEN LOVE IT! back to subject, I was thinking: elixirs are technically drinks right? and pokemon in your squad need to drink it often for PP right? So that le to my idea. This is going to be about Espurr's desperation, since she does kinda work with you and she's awesome. So here's the squad in the vid (AKA the squad I have in my game):

Zapp - Pikachu

Greene - Snivy

Espurr - Espurr

###

Our journey starts in Poliwrath River, where the trio expedition members are travelling through the dungeon trying to find a special item for the expedition society. The only problem is, there's a lot of combat involved. Zapp and the gang had to go through a lot of fights, and it really drained their energy down.

(phew... I think that's the last of them. We should be good to go.)

"I hope you're right. These guys really know how to hit," Espurr said as she gulped down her 5th elixir. She used a lot of moves, and she had to keep her strength up. Unfortunately, this does not go well on the lower body. That elixir was starting to catch up to her, and she had to go pretty bad.

"Hey guys! I think I see it!" Greene said as he ran toward the object. He picked it up and it was indeed the item they were looking for. It was a mysterious device that is only known to be used for the pokemon nexus.

(Perfect! Now we can get going. Then we can catch our breath.)

"Well then, what are you waiting for Zapp? Let's warp out!"

Zapp activated the device made to warp you out of dungeons, but nothing happened.

(Erm... hold on a sec.) Zapp tried to get it to work, while Espurr was starting to feel more pressure build up on her bladder. She just kept her legs together and crossed them when the guys weren't looking.

(Uh... it's busted. We cant use it to get out.)

"Well let's just use an escape orb! We can warp out that way!"

(About that... we didn't pack any escape orbs.) They were pretty much trapped in Poliwrath River. (Hold on, i'll try to call the Pelipper island rescue team) Zapp said as he contacted the Starter Squad -which sounded cooler in their heads-

*Pelipper Island*

"Ah, doesn't get any better than this, eh guys?" Mudkip sighed.

"You got that right! kind of makes you want to take on a rescue mission." Chespin said, taking pictures of the scenery.

"GUYS! GUYS! We have a mission!" Cyndaquil yelled, running toward them. They looked at the message left from Zapp and set off for Poliwrath River.

*Poliwrath River*

(Alright, I contacted the rescue team and they said they would be here soon.)

'I hope soon enough.' Espurr thought to herself. Her bladder was giving her a hard time and she had to keep a hand in her crotch to keep control. Zapp said the Starter Squad should be there in half an hour.

*a few hours later*

"Uh... Zapp, I don't think they're coming," Greene said. "Maybe we should go fin them ourselves."

(Alright, let's set out. We're only getting closer to our knockouts.)

So they got up and went to find the way out themselves. Espurr was really desperate at this time and she could only last for a few more hours. Thanks to her bladder, she also was unable to fight, so Zapp and Greene had to do the fighting (sound familiar?). After some time, she absolutely couldn't keep still, pushing both hands in her crotch.

"Looks like the path splits in two here." Greene said, looking at both paths.

(Alright, here's the plan: i'll go right, Greene you go left. Espurr you'll be alright in here right?)

"Y- yeah, i'll be fine. you go on ahead." Espurr said. She was at the point where she leaked a drop, but it went in her fur, so the guys didn't see it.

"Alright, we're heading out. I'll get you soon." Greene said as the guys went out.

Espurr was right at the point of losing it! when the guys left, she hobbled as fast as she could to the wall, continuously leaking, and some getting on the floor. When she got to the corner, she bursted, removing her hands and letting her bladder release the contents nature forced out.

"O- oh thank mother of latios! ohh, that's better." She kept going for 3 minutes before it slowed to a trickle and stopped. Then she stepped off the puddle and shook her legs dry. Then Greene and Zapp went to get her.

"Hi Espurr! we found the exit!" Greene exclaimed, happy that they could leave. "Uh... what happened over there?" he said with a questioning look as he saw the large yellow puddle.

(Elixir spill maybe?)

"I guess that works. anyways, let's get back to town." Greene sai, walking to the exit. Zapp and Espurr followed behind.

(I know what happened, Espurr.) Zapp whispered, making sure Greene didn't overhear.

"oh... can you keep it between us? please, it's emberassing." Espurr whispered to Zapp.

(Sure. Nobody will know about that.)

And with that, they went out of Poliwrath River and back to Lively Town.

*002*2015-12-22 06:58

{{:

I want this game so damn bad.

}}

Trust me: you wont regret buying the game.

