Hey! Say! Omorashi

Author: wetterboy

*000*2013-10-22 05:43

I make an omorashi fic about Hey! Say! JUMP (a Japanese boy group by Johny's Entertainment), but only for Yabu and Ryutaro since I can't imagine the others doing it. In this chapter the leader (Yabu) has an accident on backstage, please enjoy!

(PS: I'm sorry if my English is wrong)

###

It was an Hey! Say! JUMP concert. Yabu, Takaki, Inoo, Hikaru, Daiki, Keito, Yamada, Yuto, Chinen, and Ryutaro performed on stage, singing "Mayonaka no Shadow Boy", "Time", and "Arigatou Sekai ni Doko Itemo" non-stop.

"Whoaah~ so tired" Hikaru fell into his chair in the changing room.

"But the smile of the fans worth it," said Keito, grabbed a cup of tea.

"Yeah, and everytime I heard the girls screamed 'Yamada'!" Daiki said. "You're really popular, boy. It's like all girls are coming to see you"

Yamada smiled. "Dont be silly, Daichan. Everyone coming to see us, Hey! Say! JUMP, not only me. And you also have so many fans here..."

"Okay, everyone! Already to perform next song?" called Yabu, the oldest and the leader of JUMP. He took his fouth cup of the tea.

"Ready!" yelled nine other boys.

"Don't drink too much, Yabu kun, unless you'll wet yourself like Ryuu did last night," said Chinen when Yabu drank the fifth cup.

Ryutaro blushed when he heard that. He had wet himself when he stayed overnight in Chinen's house. He turned his face and acted like he was not listening.

"I won't" said Yabu, smiled. "It's the perform time already, everyone, let's go!"

The ten boys went up to the stage and the fans screamed. When they began to dance, Yabu felt a little twinge on his bladder. 'Fuck Chinen was right,' Yabu thought. 'But I can bear it. I can!'

Hey! Say! JUMP performed two songs and Yabu was scheduled to perform solo after the third song, without any break before.

Yabu felt more pain on his bladder, he tried to control himself. It's so difficult to bear his bladder when he dance. 'How long I can bear this? I don't want to wet myself in front of everyone!'

Time for Yabu's solo was already begun. Nine other members left the stage, the music play and Yabu had no other choice than singing and dancing with the pain. He put his hand on his crotch to bear the urine releasing while he dance, and wished that the fans didn't think he's going to wet himself.

"Is it just me or Yabu being sexier?" said a cute girl in the audience seat.

"Yeah! I like the way he holds his crotch like that! Please help me I'm going to nosebleed!"

"Oh and his expression! Awww!"

Yabu's wish was granted. The fans looked like enjoying his action - which actually wasn't included in the real coreography. Not that only the crotch-holding action, his sweats came a lot (actually sweats of fear and pain) and his expression was full of fear but it seems like delighted expression, gave Yabu more sexier performance than before.

Meanwhile, Hey! Say! JUMP's other members were changing clothes and practicing a bit. None of them watching Yabu's performance via the screen. Only the staff members who watched the screening, but the thought it was only Yabu's improvisation.

"Lalala yeah!!" (<-- not sure about the song but forget that lyric and imagine it was a cool and sexy song! please!)

Yabu ended up his performance after finished the song, followed by the girls' screams. After entered the backstage, he rushed off to the toilet.

Chinen, who was going to go on stage, looked at Yabu's running. 'Glad he finally made it,' Chinen thought, as he go up on the stage with other JUMPs.

Meanwhile...

"Aaaarrrgghh stupid costume why aren't you going to open yet???!!!" Yabu was frustated. He made it to toilet, but when he's already to pee it's like his costume couldn't be opened.

"Stupid trousers! Stupid zipper!" Yabu cursed the costume. A small jet of urine released, Yabu felt a little wetness on his underwear. "Gasp!"

He held his crotch again, tried to bear the urine flood which were going to release. 'Oh God... What if I dampen this costume?'

Right after he thought that, the flood was coming already. Yabu couldn't help his bladder but releasing its contents. The yellow liquid soaked off his trousers and made a pool on the floor. Yabu's face turned red as he realized it. He looked left and right anxiously. 'Uh... At least nobody's here to watch this embarrassing moment...'

As he thought that, the door was opened.

"Yabu-kun?"

Yabu was like being shot. He turned back awkwardly and saw a black-haired tall and skinny guy wearing concert outfit, looking at him unbelievably.

"Y-Y-Yuto?"

Yabu was trying to cover his crotch by his hand, although it's not working because there's already an urine pool below him. Yabu was really embarrassed, he couldn't stare at Yuto, thought that the younger boy will make fun of him.

".... Err, I think you should prepare yourself for the next performance..." Yuto said awkwardly.

"..." Yabu couldn't say a word. All he thought was he wanted to magicly disappeared or at least erasing Yuto's memory of this accident.

"Since it's the time of MC and the Johny's Junior's performance, change your clothes with this! I bring your costume already!"

"T-thanks"

"Make sure you clean yourself from the pee properly"

Yabu's face getting deeper red. He took off his top awkwardly. While he tried to unzip his wet pants, it was still stuck.

" Your zipper can't be opened, huh?" asked Yuto. Yabu nodded, still wasn't looking at Yuto. The younger then put his hand on Yabu's crotch. Yabu gasped. "What are you doing!"

"Help you unzip your pants" Yuto felt the warmness of Yabu's urine on his wet pants. Yuto blushed as he realized that he was delighted doing that.

Yabu was annoyed and he felt a twinge on his crotch, maybe because of Yuto's touch? "Do you want to help me open this fucking zipper or grape my private area instead? Stop it or I-I-whoaaaah!!"

Another stream of urine escaped him again, gave more wetness on his trousers. Yuto felt the Yabu's urine came to his hand and weirdly enjoyed it.

"Fuck," Yabu cursed blushingly.

Yuto finally comeback from his weird self. "L-let's change your clothes now," he said awkwardly. "Can your zipper be opened now?"

"W-well, it's still slippy..." Yabu used his almost all powers to open the zipper, and it's finally unzipped. "Fuck. My boxer is also wet"

Yuto blushed. "Y-You don't bring more pairs?" Yabu shook his head.

"... Maybe I'll took it off," said Yabu while took off his boxer.

"W-w-wait! Are you okay without it?"

"It's better than I wear the wet one," said Yabu, heavily blushed. "What my fans would think of it?"

"If you think so, t-then it's okay. I'll wait outside, ne?"

Yuto exit the toilet, waiting Yabu in front of the toilet door. "Ready?" he asked when Yabu came out from the toilet, wearing the next costume.

"Where's your dampened costume?"

"I've thrown it after using it for cleaning the floor. If the manager asked I would say it's ripped off or lost," Yabu's like he can control himself from the embbarassment already.

"Okay. Now let's go to the stage!" Yuto grabbed Yabu's hand and ran to the stage.

###

After concert ended.

"Yuto," The leader of Hey! Say! JUMP called.

"Yes, Yabu-kun?"

Yabu pulled the younger's arms to get close with him. "About 'that accident'...." he started blushing as he whispered. "You're not going to tell anyone, right?"

"Of course not," Yuto said. "M-moreover, I found it sexy..." he blushed.

Yabu smiled. "Was it?" Yuto nodded. "You're not saying that you have a crush on me, right?"

Yuto blushed. "I-it's..."

The leader pulled Yuto's arms again, made his body closer to him. "It's okay," he smiled, and kissed Yuto's cheeks. Yuto heavily blushed but he enjoyed it.

"Was it me or my pee that turns you on?"

"I-it's..." Yuto cut his words. ".... both."

"Hahaha whatever it is, I like you too," Yabu said. "Want to share bed with me tonight?"

"O-of course," said the younger boy. "...... By the way, do you still wet the bed?"

Yabu glared and punched him.

