Vacation with friends

Author: wettingpanty

*000*2023-07-10 12:27

At the beginning it has to be announced that the story is fictional. All people are fictitious. To warn you: The story contains messing.

Chapter I:

I woke up at 4 o’clock in the morning because I could not sleep anymore. I was full of anticipation in the last few weeks and now the day was finally here. I will go on vacation for three weeks with my friends. We will drive to the sea by car and our departure is around 11 o‘clock at one of my friends house.

To introduce myself - My name is Anna, I’m 18 years old, I have brown long hair and I am the smallest in our group. Additionally to mention I am lesbian but my friends aren‘t - at least no one has a come out. But we all are not in a relationship.

In our group there are Lucy - 19 years, Paula - 19 years, Kathy - 18 years, Alina - 18 years and me.

It‘s early in the morning but I can‘t sleep anymore because of excitement. Although i‘ve already packed my suitcase in the last few days I used the time to see if I had everything I will need the next weeks.

„Hm hot pants, panties, skirts, leggings, swimsuit, a few tops, my vibrator, shoes, towels…“, I looked at the things in my suitcase and hoped that it will be enough.

Now I have much time left. I‘ll eat and drink something and after that I’ll take a shower and brush my teeth. I decided to wear red panties and a black skirt for the ride and a cute white top.

In all that excitement and while I get ready I noticed that I did not do my morning masturbation in bed. I feel my pussy itching to be touched so I lay down on my couch and search for porn on my phone. I like videos where girls are desperate to pee and wetting themselves or peeing on other girls.

I start circling my clit with my thumb under my panties and really get aroused by the videos and touching my pussy. I put a finger in my hole and started slowly to slide it in and out. I feel my pussy and knickers getting really wet and I knew it won’t last that long until I reach orgasm. „I need to cum so bad“, I thought and in this moment I can‘t hold my orgasm back and cum in my panties.

During my masturbation I forgot the time. It‘s now 10 o‘clock and I have to go to Lucys‘ house because she will drive us with her car. Lucy specifically said that we should be at her house on time. Now in stress I put on my shoes, take my suitcase and ran out of my flat. I have to ride the bus to get to her house.

When I was on the bus I wondered if I forget something. A few minutes later on the bus it occurs to me that I forget to go on the toilet to pee and poop which I normally did before I go out. And under stress I did not put a diaper on which I normally wear on long car rides and I forget to take a few with me in my suitcase.

„Why did I have to masturbate.. only because of that I need to hurry and forget my diapers..“, I thought, „I can‘t buy diapers on the way because my friends would be disgusted if they see me buying it.“

In my suitcase I could have hidden my diapers well and I think no one would noticed me wearing a diaper in the car because of my skirt.

On the bus I noticed that I have to pee a little bit and my stomach grumbles because I did not take my morning shit on the toilet.

As I exit the bus I have to walk a bit to Lucys‘ house and I was really late. From far away I recognize that I was the last one like always.

I hope that I can use Lucys‘ bathroom before we start our ride to the sea.

When I get to Lucys‘ everyone stared at me.

„Hey Girls, sorry that I am late…“, I said.

„That‘s typical for you Anna, go get in the car we are late“, Lucy said.

„I did not have the time to use the bathroom at home. Can I go on your toi..“, I wanted to asked but Lucy interupted me.

„No, there is no time for that. Get in the car!“, she yelled.

Now I wish I had not forget to put on my diaper because it will be a long ride to the sea…

To be continued…

*001*2023-08-04 03:49

This was my first time writing a story. I would be grateful about feedback. It doesn’t matter if it is good or bad.

I only want to know if I should continue this story.

*003*2023-08-04 16:03

{{2 minutes ago, orangelion said:

You're story doesn't seem too bad. Your inclusion of messing and diapers though does drive a lot of potential audience away as most people aren't into that stuff, including me. Additionally, at least for me, I find it hard to get invested into a story without at least one peeing scene. So I often ignore stories until they have a peeing scene.

The major thing that can improve better description with a wider vocabulary. I know this is difficult as I myself have trouble with this aspect of writing, so I can't help you much here.

One last minor thing, when quoting someone in English, you use double quotes. "Like this" and not ,,like this".

As it stands it looks like at least pee_punk loved your story. Perhaps some other people who aren't registered on the site enjoyed the story as well. I'd say to keep writing if you enjoy doing it. If you don't enjoy writing then don't force yourself to write.

}}

Thanks for your honest opinion about that and thank you for your comment. Yeah I know it could be better, maybe I can use your advices for the next chapter.

I think you realize that english isn’t my native language haha.

