Housemates: The Pile-Up

Author: Weasel

*000*2019-02-20 03:57

Hello, everybody.

A heads-up for first-time readers: if you're a desperation or waiting-in-line fan, you'll probably appreciate the bulk of this story even without any context, but toward the end there will be a lot of character development and references to prior stories. To fully appreciate all the character moments in here, you'll need to go all the way back to "Season 1" of the Meagan & Parker Saga. PM me if you're interested in getting the downloads of Seasons 1 and 2. If you'd rather skip to the fun stuff, scroll down until you see this:

###

And now, for all my readers, I have an ANNOUNCEMENT:

I am retiring from writing these stories.

Relax: you'll have a few more tales from me before I go. I'll finish Parker's plotline. But after that, I'm going to step away for a long time. Probably not forever... but it's a possibility.

When I first decided to write "Season 3" and create a setting for Meagan and Parker in a college house, rather than a dorm, this story, "The Pile-Up," was the one I really wanted to tell. A true classic waiting-in-line story in which everybody needs to use the bathroom all at once. As I worked my way through the season, this was the goal. Maximum desperation, maximum college-girl hotness.

But as I wrote, I got more and more into the story of Meagan and Parker's relationship. And by the time I got around to writing "The Pile-Up," I realized that I was actually much more excited about writing their relationship than writing the desperation. And when I did work out a rough draft, I caught myself thinking, Darn it, I really need to add more desperation -- as if it had become a chore, something that needed to be done in order to tell the story of a struggling romance.

I also find I am somewhat less interested in my kink in general these days. It doesn't turn me on the way it used to. I guess I'm a bit bored with it. I think I need to find some fresh angle, or just to give myself some time.

But that doesn't mean I don't have mixed feelings. I'm particularly sad that I might be letting down my fans. The appreciation I've gotten here has spurred me on to finish the tale. "I can't quit now," I kept telling myself. "I don't want to disappoint people." So for all my readers, a heartfelt thank-you.

For that reason, and for others, I don't want to abandon this part of me. But I think I need to step back a while, so I can appreciate it again, and before I burn out on storytelling.

So what's next?

What you're about to read is "The Pile-Up." In a few days I'll post the next story, "The Play-Out," here in the same thread. They really belong together. After that, there will be two more stories, which I will post separately. At some point I will write a few bonus stories and compile Season 3 together, as I did with 1 and 2. And that will be the end of Meagan and Parker... but of course they will always be there for you in the stories I've already told.

Again, thank you for reading.

###

It was a quiet evening in Franklin House—the Thursday before Spring Break, not long after Meagan’s grad-school celebration. Parker was nearly alone in the house; Lucy and Trav were off somewhere, Zephyr had asked for a girl’s night with Meagan and Dacy at a party on the other side of campus, Cara was at work, Zach was at the gym, and Val and Miranda had gone to a concert. Mitchell was in his room working on something, and Parker was at loose ends.

It was raining—and pretty hard, too. Meagan had taken the girls in her car, so leaving the house wasn’t appealing. Trav sometimes let people play on the Xbox when he and Lucy were gone, but he hadn’t said anything about it this time and Parker didn’t feel like barging in without permission. Since Spring Break was right around the corner, he felt no burning need to get any schoolwork done. He was thinking about turning on the TV to see if there was anything good on—which was a sure sign that he was running out of ideas for entertainment—but then a good track came up on shuffle on his iTunes and he decided he’d just play the rest of the album, which he hadn’t heard in a while. He lay down on the bed and listened.

A door slammed downstairs. From the muffled swearing, it sounded like Zach had come home from the gym, and was probably totally soaked—and cold, too. A few minutes later, water began running somewhere. Probably he’d jumped in the shower.

Perhaps this prompted Mitchell to get up and take his shower. At any rate, he strode down the hall, clad in only a towel with his toiletries bag in one hand, and stepped into the nearer bathroom. Not long later, he began singing. At least he had a decent voice.

Gravel crunched in the driveway beside the house. It sounded like Cara’s car—but when the door opened, the first voice he heard was Miranda’s. Then more gravel crunched: definitely Meagan’s car this time.

“Everyone’s home at once,” Parker said, poking his head out.

“Seems like,” Miranda said, pushing past him quickly. “Excuse me…” She quickly went into the farther bathroom and closed the door.

Val followed her roommate up the steps. “Hey, Parker,” she said. When confronted by both bathroom doors closed, she turned around and started heading back down—only to meet Cara coming up, still in her work clothes. “Can I use one of you guys’ bathrooms?” she said. “The one downstairs is locked.”

“Miranda’s in one—and going by the singing, Mitchell’s in the other,” Val said.

“Well, I hope they won’t take too long,” Cara said.

“Me too!” Val said, retreating up the steps. “I was just about to go downstairs to yours…”

The door at the bottom of the stairs opened again, and Dacy came clattering in. She ditched her high heels as soon as she could, and trotted up the steps, chanting, “Bathroom bathroom bathroom…”

“Get in line!” Cara said,

“There’s a line?” Meagan said, coming up after Dacy.

“We got people in two showers,” Cara informed her.

“Fuuuuck,” Meagan said. “How does this keep happening, guys?”

“You need it too?”

“We all do,” Meagan said, gesturing first to Dacy, then back to Zephyr, coming up behind her.

“I really do,” Dacy said. She was marching in place, picking her feet up off the ground in mincing, careful steps, bare toes on the carpet. Her nails were painted red to match her dress. “Val, can I go ahead of you?”

“Umm…”

“I just drank a lot of rum and cokes and I really really really need to go,” Dacy said.

“Hey, I just worked a five-hour shift with no breaks!” Cara said. “And I had some coffee to get through it. I’ve had to go for two hours!” She, too, was showing some signs of desperation: legs pressed close together. But frankly, Dacy looked much more desperate. Parker was, after all, a connoisseur of such things.

“Dacy, can I get past you?” Meagan said. “I’m not cutting in line, I just wanna say hi to my lover.”

“Oh, sorry, sure…”

Meagan stepped up to where Parker was standing in the doorway. She kissed him hello, gave him a hug, and whispered in his ear, “Hey.”

“Hey.”

“Just enjoy it.”

“Huh?”

“Just enjoy it. I mean, what else can we do?”

“You’re sure?”

“Happy birthday.”

He gave her a skeptical look. She shrugged.

He tried to take it all in…

Val, in front, was quiet. She was always quiet, but she wasn’t saying anything at all now. She didn’t seem to be showing any particular signs of desperation… other than a certain look in her eyes. Parker remembered how, long ago when she’d had to pee in a bottle in the back seat of Meagan’s car, she’d gone practically nonverbal first. There was a tension in all her body that spoke volumes, however.

Cara, right behind her, was expressing herself more verbally than physically. “Two hours,” she repeated, as Dacy again begged to go ahead of her. “Two hours! And someone was in the staff bathroom when I got off! I was worried I wasn’t going to make it home!” Worried or not, she still didn’t seem too desperate by comparison. But her close-pressed legs had escalated to crossed legs.

Dacy, on the other hand, was showing all sorts of physical signs. She looked and sounded a little drunk and a lot desperate. She was doing a somewhat wobbly pee dance, wriggling around a little bent over. As she turned this way and that, Parker had an excellent look at her cleavage—for as usual she had gone partying in a short dress. Underneath that dress, her thighs were clenched together, or crossed, or marching in place. “Fuck,” she said. “We drank a lot at the party, but we couldn’t go at the party. The line was too long!” She marched in place again, those magnificent breasts bouncing (her bra was clearly inadequate). But most telling of all was the look on her face: she was grimacing, eyes wide in panic.

“It’s true,” Meagan chimed in. She was not showing the strain that Dacy was, but to Parker’s expert eyes she obviously needed to go: she was locked down tight. “I had the least of all of us, since I had to drive, and I had two beers. They were a while back,” she added quickly. “We were there a long while. Longer than I expected…”

“Sorry!” Zephyr said. “I wanted to hear the band…” She, too, was all dressed up, but in a tight shirt and a miniskirt. She was also wriggling. Quite a lot, actually. “Shit,” she whispered, apparently to nobody, a look of fear in her eyes. “I had four…”

Miranda stepped out of the bathroom.

“Me first, me first!” Dacy begged.

“We all gotta go, girl,” Cara said.

“I am literally about to wet myself, Cara! Can’t you go downstairs?”

“There’s someone in there!”

“I think that’s Zach, actually,” Parker said.

“Really?” Cara said. “Well, he damn well better let me in, or he’s sleeping on the floor tonight…” She headed downstairs quickly.

“Val, please,” Dacy said. She was now bent over, legs crossed, clenched hand held straight down at her sides or making fitful motions, like she wanted to grab herself but didn’t dare. Meanwhile, her breasts were literally slipping out.

“…Okay,” Val said. She didn’t look terribly happy—but Dacy appeared to be on the brink of crying, exploding, or both.

“Ohthankgod,” Dacy said, and rushed in. She was hoisting the hem of her dress as she ran, and Parker caught a flash of ass. “I’ll be quick, I promise!” she said over her shoulder. She moved a little too quickly, perhaps—she tried to kick the door closed behind her, and it didn’t quite latch, so what came next was clearly audible. First the clatter of a toilet lid being flung up and banging off the tank, and then the hiss of a truly desperate piss, and then a moan of pure blissful relief. It all came awfully fast, though—so fast that Parker couldn’t envision how she’d had time to get her panties down. Maybe she hadn’t? (Maybe she wasn’t wearing any?) The pee stream hissed on quite a while. Dacy moaned again. Val looked pained; Zephyr didn’t so much moan as whimper.

“Who’s in the other bathroom? Mitchell?” Meagan asked.

“Yeah,” Parker answered.

“Hey, Mitchell! Can you hurry up?” Meagan said, knocking on the closed door.

“I’m going as quick as I can! I’m all over shampoo!” Mitchell hollered.

The toilet flushed and all three girls still waiting reacted: Val instantly crossed her legs, Meagan tensed up still further, and Zephyr… well, she was already bent over, one hand clinging to the railing of the stairs. The other hand reached under her miniskirt and just grabbed. She was shuddering.

Dacy emerged, blushing a little. Val, moving with far more urgency and hurry than Parker had ever seen other than out on the athletic field, darted into the bathroom behind her, closing the door more carefully. There was a flash of urgency mixed with relief on her face that cut through her usual reserved expression.

“Oh my god,” Dacy said, looking down the steps. “Zephyr, that looks painful.”

“It is,” Zephyr said in a small voice. “I’m almost…”

“Just a bit longer,” Dacy said encouragingly, stepping down past Meagan to Zephyr’s side.

Zephyr shook her head. “I’m leaking,” she whispered.

“What?”

“My panties are wet…”

“Oh, hon,” Dacy said, and hugged her roommate—carefully.

“That does it,” Meagan said. “I’m taking you in with me.”

Zephyr’s eyes widened. “Really?”

“Yup.”

The toilet flushed again. Zephyr crossed her legs over her hand. Her head was ducked and Parker couldn’t see her face, but the shivering could be the last moments before an uncontrollable explosion—or sobs.

“Nearly there,” Dacy said, reassuringly.

Val stepped out. “Didn’t even wash my hands,” she said.

“Go go go!” Dacy said to Zephyr.

“I can’t move...”

“Just ten feet to go,” Dacy said, literally helping the bursting girl up the last steps.

“You want the toilet or the tub?” Meagan said, already unbuttoning her jeans, as Zephyr tottered toward the bathroom door.

“I’ve never peed in a bathtub…” Zeph said in a husky voice. She was definitely about to explode in both piss and teers. Walking double, one hand still clenched between her legs, she inched into the bathroom.

“Here, I’ll show you how,” Meagan said, and closed the door behind them.

Parker stepped back into his room to avoid listening (and to avoid being caught listening). He closed his eyes and rubbed his temples, feeling the churn of images and emotions in his head. So much desperation, all at once. It was a dream come true.

So why didn’t he feel like it? He was barely even stiff.

He lay back on the bed. The answer’s obvious, really. I’d rather have Meagan forever than five—or ten, or fifty—desperate girls in my hall.

They’re sure taking a long time in there.

The door opened and Meagan stepped into the room. She had a bemused look on her face.

“Better?” Parker asked.

“Bladder-wise? Of course. Brain-wise…? Very different story.”

“Why, what’s up?”

She sat down on the bed next to him. “Zephyr just kissed me.”

“For letting her use the bathroom with her?”

“Ummm… I guess?”

“Man, you never give me a peck on the cheek when I let you go!”

“Uh.”

“What?”

“Not a peck on the cheek.”

“…Wait. Lips?”

“Oh yeah.”

“Zephyr kissed you. On the lips.”

“Uh-huh.”

“I am so confused right now.”

“Right there with you, hon…” Meagan shook her head. “Fuck. I should talk to her.”

“Yeah, I think you should!”

“But I wanted to check on you. You didn’t really look like you were enjoying all that.”

He shrugged. “No consent.” And I wish that was the reason I was bothered…

“Aww. You’re so good!”

“Well. That wasn’t the only reason.”

“Hmm?”

He opened his mouth, tried to say, I’m losing you—and closed it again.

She stroked his hair. “Hey. You can say it. Whatever it is.”

“I’m—worried.”

“About?”

“Us.”

She lay down next to him and kept stroking. “Are you worried about the sex? And how we haven’t been having enough of it lately?”

“Uh—yeah. That’s part of it.”

“I know you’ve been jacking off,” she said. “Were you fantasizing about other girls?”

“…Yeah.”

She nodded slowly.

“Sorry.”

“Hey. I’m not happy about it. I wish you hadn’t. But I get why you did it.” She sighed. “I was afraid grad school would eat our sex life… but after I went, not just from trying to get in.”

He said nothing.

“Were you fantasizing about Zephyr?” she asked.

He managed to whisper, “Yes.”

She nodded again.

“Are you angry?”

“Well, irritated. But we both know it was pretty much impossible to avoid her. Besides, tonight your fantasy came to life—and you actually don’t want it.”

“I want you.”

She smiled sadly. “And so the battle began. Desperate girls: turn-on! Massive guilt: turn-off!”

“About right.”

“No wonder you’re freaking out.”

“Yeah. But why aren’t you?”

“Because I saw your face. If you’d been drooling I’d be so jealous, I’d be screaming at you right now. Or worse, not screaming.”

He shuddered in memory.

“But you so obviously looked so uncomfortable. Honestly, you seemed almost as bad as we looked. How can I be jealous of Zeph when she ties you in knots like that?”

“You’re really not jealous?”

She shook her head. “Sad, yes. Worried, yes. A little ticked off and frustrated, yes. Jealous? No.”

They lay there for a while.

“We should probably talk,” Parker said.

“Yeah. You wanna do that now?”

“Not really.”

“Me neither. It’s late and I’m exhausted and we’ve got all of break to do that.” She laid a gentle hand on his chest. “But do you wanna make love?”

“I just wanna hold you.”

“I can live with that.”

“Forever.”

To that, she said nothing.

###

They didn’t talk the next morning, hurrying off to class. And when Parker came home to celebrate the beginning of Spring Break, he saw Meagan and Zephyr sitting out back on the lawn chairs, clearly talking earnestly. He decided he wanted to give that conversation a wide berth.

Some time later, Meagan came upstairs, looking even more bemused than the night before.

“What’s up?” Parker asked.

“So…” Meagan began, and stopped, and then opened her mouth again, and finally managed, “I really don’t know how to start this!”

“Yeah, that’s pretty obvious!”

“Zephyr’s got the hots for me.”

“Huh. Did not see that coming.”

“The kiss was a pretty big clue.”

“Well, yeah, but before that.”

“There have been some other hints, too. But here’s the thing: she also noticed that I was always putting myself at the back of the line for the bathroom. And then the way I was acting at the party… peeing in front of everyone, I guess, and making her piss outside…” ”

Parker tensed up.

“Yeah. She’s almost on to us. But not quite. She got the wrong idea—she thought it was my kink.”

“Oh. Oh! Last night—was that a set-up?”

“Yup. Not really totally premeditated, but she was feeling a little daring and desperate and so she decided to have some fun with it. I did notice she was stalling, keeping us at the party a long time… but it ended up waaaay worse than she thought it would be, since everyone else needed to go at the same moment. Anyway. We peed next to each other, in the bathtub, and she kissed me. Tried to seduce me through pee, I guess. She didn’t realize she had the wrong partner of the two.”

“You didn’t tell her…?!”

“Of course not. That’s your secret, not mine. But I did admit there’s a bit of a sexual rush when I hold it so long and then let it out. And she agreed.”

“Whoa.”

“Oh, we’re just getting started here. So apparently she hasn’t gotten laid in many months. She had a sexy Spring Break lined up to deal with that, but her plans fell through. So she knew she was gonna be stuck here, and she thinks I’m hot, and… well, she made a play.”

Parker’s heartbeat was skyrocketing. “And what did you say to that?”

“That I’m loyal to you, of course.”

“That’s good to hear.”

“Mmmhmm. I know we’re not doing great, hon, but I’m not about to jump in the sack with someone new because of a rough patch.”

“Thank you. So… I guess this week could be a little awkward.”

“Wellll…”

“Well what?”

“When I told her that I was sticking with you, she offered me a threesome.”

This can’t be happening.

“With pee.”

This definitely can’t be happening. And he said so.

Meagan shrugged. “I guess it is, though.”

“What did you tell her?”

“That I needed to talk with you.”

“Not a ‘no’? Really?”

“So… I know things haven’t been great between us lately…and I thought maybe that… this could help?”

“You’d seriously be okay with a threesome?”

“I’m in college! Lesbian experimentation is totally legit…”

“But you’d be okay with sharing me?”

“The way she framed it, you’d be sharing me with her. She says you’re a good friend and all, but she’s definitely much more into me.”

“I meant in terms of jealousy. Me getting turned on by her. Her getting desperate for—well, for both of us.”

She shrugged. “I guess I’m trying to tackle the jealousy thing head-on. Try to get myself past it.”

“I still can’t believe this…”

“I know. But anyway. I really wouldn’t mind trying it out. Zeph’s cute and sweet and I know she can get you fired up. You said as much last night. But I can also see the flip side, and why you wouldn’t want to.

“So it’s your call, love. What do you say?”

*006*2019-02-27 04:16

Well, folks, thank you for the kind words. A few personal responses:

@rebeljaffa

: Coming to terms with this kink is one of the main themes of this story arc. I'm at peace with mine... I'm just bored. Don't feel like you're "turning bad" when you embrace this thing we share... unless, of course, "turning bad" for you is pretty good!

@jippy

: see below....

@corsa198

: I think you might be pleased with the next story. (Not the one posted below, the one I haven't finished writing yet.)

@AliasnameTO

: A miniseries? Whoa, that would be intense! Casting recommendations, anyone...? Glad I found your kryptonite, though I confess she's a recent arrival in the series.

Going by the feedback, I feel I shall be pleasing some and disappointing others with the tales yet to come. But what I've written feels truest to the characters, and that has always come first with me.

What follows is called "The Play-Out." Ordinarily I'd post this separately, but it's really so dependent on "The Pile-Up", and rather less kinky than some, that I feel it doesn't quite deserve its own thread.

###

“How do you do it?” Zephyr asks.

Meagan shrugs. “I’ve been able to hold it a long time since I was a kid,” she says. “I think I got used to putting it off because other things were more interesting… I remember a teacher telling me to go pee a few times. Last time was in seventh grade. That was embarrassing enough that I just ignored her and held it until the end of class.” She grins. “I’m stubborn, too, that helps.”

Zephyr laughs, then winces and crosses her legs.

“Plus I’ve been getting a lot of practice lately,” Meagan adds.

They both look at Parker. He looks back at them. It’s quite the sight. Zephyr is topless once again, just in shorts: specifically, cutoff jeans, short enough that the pockets show—and so do most of her legs. Meagan’s still wearing a t-shirt and jeans, but with no bra.

“Ohhhh, I have to go,” Zeph says.

Meagan steps closer, folds her into a gentle hug. “Sounds like you need some practice yourself.”

Zephyr turns in her arms, kisses—

Parker’s brain shied away from the image.

This is so weird. I’ll bet all my other guy friends would be so jealous. A threesome? Two hot girls making out on my bed? With all my pee-desperation fantasies coming true? But I can’t even imagine it. Don’t want to imagine it.

Well… that’s not entirely true…

“Sounds like you need some practice yourself,” Meagan says.

“I do, I really do…” Zeph agrees.

“Okay then! This whole week is gonna be all about that. I’m gonna work your bladder like it’s never been worked before. I’ll give you a couple of days off, but today isn’t one of them. You gotta go?”

“Real bad.”

“Hold it. Hold it until… oh, let’s say 3.”

“That’s almost two whole hours!”

“Mmmhmm.”

“I’ll never make it!”

“You’ll never make it if you think about it that way. But think about it this way instead: the longer you hold it, the sooner I’ll make you come. If you can’t hold it at all… well, maybe I won’t let you come at all, too!”

Zephyr whimpers. Meagan, still cuddling her, stands on tiptoe to kiss her—

I can’t do it.

Besides, Zeph’s not in it for the pee stuff so much, really… so maybe if I try…?

Zephyr kneels on the bed in front of Meagan. She reaches for the hem of Meagan’s shirt. “May I?” Meagan lifts her arms over her head and lets Zeph pull her shirt off, slowly. The roundness of her breasts emerge bit by bit, nipples hard with arousal. It’s a delightful contrast, seeing them both topless. Parker can’t help but stroke himself.

“Mmmm, you like that?” Meagan asks him. “How about this?” She runs her hands up Zeph’s body, then leans closer for a k—

Gaah!

Maybe stick with desperation after all?

Zephyr wriggling frantic “I can’t hold it any more, I gotta, I gotta go…”

Meagan stern taskmaster but also crossed legs “You can hold it as long as I can. Do it! Don’t touch that fly, you leave your jean shorts on! Hold it or piss yourself…”

Zeph dancing crying “It’s coming out”

“Hold it”

“I can’t...”

“No.”

Meagan raised her eyebrows. “No?

“No.”

“Just like that? I’m honestly a little surprised.”

Parker sighed. “So am I. But I can’t. I just can’t.”

“Can’t do what?”

“Share you.”

“You’re sure? You’re not just saying no for my sake? Because I can get over the jealousy. I really should get over it, now’s as good a time as any.” She ran a finger trailing down his arm. “And she could be my birthday present to you, y’know…”

“No!” He jerked back.

She snatched her hands back too, palms out. “Sorry! Did I hit a nerve?”

“Yeah.” He sighed. “I appreciate your offer, I really do. I appreciate the guts of trying to face down your jealousy for me. But… I’m not worried about bad sex, hon. I’m worried that—”

Spit it out.

“I’m worried that I’m losing you.”

“Yeah.”

“And having Zephyr involved at all… well… all I want for my birthday is you, Meagan. I want you.”

She nodded, slowly. There was a strange look on her face. “’Kay. I get it. I know this is supposed to be every guy’s dream. Especially since it’s tailored right for you. But I can see why you don’t want it. It could push us further apart.”

“I just want it back the way it was before.”

“Before…?”

“Before you were all about grad school.”

“I’ve always been all about that, hon, I’ve just been more obvious about it lately. You know why.”

“Yeah. Your future. But what about our future?” He sighed. “I just feel like—like you’ve been taking me for granted.”

“I’ve been trying not to,” she said quietly. “I’ve been trying to imagine going through the next few years without you. Trying to imagine what that would feel like. Because I know I haven’t been doing right by you lately. I’m sorry.”

“I don’t want you to be sorry, hon. I want you to do what’s right by yourself. But I wanna be there with you when you do.”

“I’ve been trying to imagine what that would look like, too.”

“What have you come up with?”

“Imagining grad school without you feels… awful. But imagining grad school at all feels awful for you. I’ll be so busy. We’ll be long-distance again…”

“I can take it!” he said, voice cracking a little.

“I know you’ll try,” she said, gently. Sadly.

They hugged each other a long time.

“Well, I’m glad of one thing,” she said finally.

“Hm?”

“We needed this talk.”

“Yeah.”

She kissed him. “Okay. No matter what, we have this week. Let’s enjoy it, like Christmas.”

“Mmmkay.”

“Spring break’s officially started. Whaddya want to do?” She leaned forward a little. “I do feel like some make-up sex is called for.”

“Is it really make-up sex? We haven’t really been fighting.”

“Making-up-for-lost-time sex, then. Stay-together sex.”

“I just wanna hold you.”

“’Kay. But at some point can we move to me holding you in my puss? Or me holding my piss for you? ‘Cause—well—I’m feelin’ the need. For you, I mean, not peeing. I wants ya, boy.”

“That’s really good to hear. Compromise: can we just make out for a while? I might feel more in the mood after that…”

“Totally.”

###

Meagan broke the news to Zeph.

“She took it okay,” Meagan reported back. “She’s sad and lonely but she understands that we’ve gotta do what we need to do.”

“Thanks, love.”

“Of course.”

The next conversation they had with Zephyr was a little awkward—“I’ll do whatever you need me to do! Play my music real loud when you have sex! Or I could leave. Would that help?”—but there was no avoiding it. It was just the three of them in Franklin House over the break, rattling around in the big empty house. And Zephyr was, as Meagan had said, lonely. She tried to give them space but naturally the three of them wound up hanging out a lot.

Although no one had mentioned it, Zephyr also discreetly started wearing shirts more regularly—and even bras. Parker could no longer see her nipples poking through her thin t-shirts, and wondered if he was glad of that or not. Or if it even mattered. Had she just moved the element of distraction? He found himself fascinated by her bra straps, which peeked through clearly.

But while Zeph was clearly trying to be good and supportive on one level, Parker had to wonder if her heart was totally in it. Her clothes and her words sent one message, but her body language sent another. At first glance she was simply sprawled on a couch—but her legs were open. At first glance she was simply perched on the arm of that couch—but she was subtly humping it. At first glance she was just standing up to stretch—but her breasts were front and center when she did. And all her lithe limbs were on display.

And one thing Zeph couldn’t change was the size of her bladder. And while she was not nearly so blatant about advertising the fact that she needed to pee, it still showed here and there. She would clearly be a little anxious to get away, but also anxious to continue a conversation, and she’d be wriggling a little before she finally dashed off.

“She may not realize she’s doing it,” Meagan said, when Parker raised the issue. “As far as I can tell, Zephyr doesn’t have a whole lot of levels. What you see is what you get. So I doubt she’s playing it up to get us to change our minds.”

“I dunno about that. In class she’s really different. Much more serious, less silly and bouncy. I think her bounciness is an act. It gets a lot of attention. I should know.”

“Or her seriousness in class is the act.”

“Or she’s overcompensating for her shyness…”

Meagan shrugged. “She might be flirting with us with her body, or she might not be. I think she probably is, whether she knows it or not. But until she says something different from what she said when she and I talked, I’ll take her at her word. And you should too.”

This was more easily said than done.

Parker still had daydreams, mostly against his will, of the three of them in bed—

Zephyr half-holding, half-masturbating her pussy, her eyes totally panicked and totally aroused as she tried to make out with Meagan and keep it all in

—but even when he managed to envision it without his mind rebelling, he still felt more scared than horny.

Meagan was feeling horny, too, but she was being very patient with him, not pushing. He felt better lying in her arms, kissing her. But whenever she moved to touch him, he felt not fully there. He’d repeated his offer to go down on her so she could get off, but she’d shaken her head. “Some of this is about what’s goin’ on down here,” she’d said, pointing to her crotch, “but mostly it’s about what’s goin’ on up here,” pointing to his head. “I can wait. No pressure at all.”

It was late Monday night and they were watching a movie on TV. It was one Parker had seen before and kind of liked—Last of the Mohicans, with a young and hunky Daniel Day-Lewis—so even though the’d missed the first fifteen minutes or so, he’d gotten the girls up to speed as best he could remember the plot and they’d all settled down to watch. Zephyr was sharing the couch with them. And somehow she’d gotten her legs across Meagan’s lap. Parker was idly speculating—as he often did, considering his kink—on when or how the characters in the movie would pee. It being a period piece, the two young sisters who were central characters were always wearing period dresses. This was of course a bit inappropriate for the wilderness they were being dragged through by various men, but the dresses might have their advantages.

Did they wear underpants in the 18th century? Or could the two just spread their legs apart and pee straight down? Of course, they’d probably never done that. They probably didn’t know how. Parker spent a pleasant moment spinning out a fantasy about the young blonde sister—the one who never really seemed to know what was going on—and her first time having to pee in the woods. Would she have tried to hold it in until they found a better place? Would she have ever admitted to the men guarding her that she needed to piss—to “relieve herself”, or “powder her nose,” or whatever the proper language was? Her older sister seemed much more on top of things; no doubt she’d just gone behind a bush, hiked up her dress, and gotten the job done. That was fun to think about too…

For a moment the girls in the movie blurred with the girls on the couch. Zephyr would be the shy blonde sister, of course. Meagan would be the practical, just-get-it-done brunette…

Zephyr’s toes were right in front of him. Her nails were painted a light blue. Without thinking about it, he reached out and rubbed her big toe between his thumb and forefinger, then rested his hand on her ankle. During the battle scenes Zephyr gasped and covered her eyes, and Meagan reassuringly patted her knee. And then, as Daniel Day-Lewis and Madeline Stowe made out under the most romantic/erotic fiddle music ever played, Zephyr reached down and covered Meagan’s hand with her own.

A shiver ran through Meagan’s body. Parker leaned forward a bit to see what was going on.

Zephyr swung her legs gracefully off Meagan’s lap and tucked them underneath her. This meant she was leaning forward, very close to Meagan. Her lips parted, just a little. She did not sit back. Meagan threw a look at Parker, who was looking at Zephyr, who was looking at Meagan—

All I gotta do is say yes.

No. All I gotta do is nod.

The music faded, the on-screen lovers broke apart. Meagan’s eyes went back to the screen. Parker sat back. So did Zephyr. The movie went on, working its way to its sweeping, hear-wrenching, beautiful conclusion. The surviving characters looked out over the Great Smoky Mountains, the final theme swelled.

Zephyr stood up and trotted off to the bathroom.

Meagan and Parker looked at each other, the emotions of the movie coursing through them. Meagan leaned in to kiss him. They made out until the bathroom door opened and Meagan smoothly drew back for a moment. Zeph rushed past them and trotted up the stairs. Once she heard Zeph’s door closed, Meagan took Parker by the hand and led him upstairs too.

She stripped the shirts off both of them once they were in their room. She took his hands and held them to her breasts. He could feel her nipples stiffening and her heartbeat pounding. He bent to kiss her; she responded ardently. He worked his way down her body, kissing neck and shoulders and breasts and belly and hips, until he was kneeling at her feet and tenderly stroking her clit through the cotton of her panties. She took this for a minute, then hauled him up and sat him down on the bed. She climbed astride him, being sure her breasts fit snug against his body, kissing his forehead, his hair, his cheek, forcing her tongue between his lips, grinding her crotch against the bulge in his.

He almost didn’t hear it through the blood hammering in his ears (and the music swelling in his mind). But then Meagan left off her kissing and cocked her head to listen, too. Faintly they could hear Zephyr’s voice, crying out—well, what, exactly?

“Is she crying?” he asked softly.

“Sounds like moaning to me,” Meagan said.

“You mean—?”

“The girl’s got a good vibe.”

“Still sounds like crying to me.”

“Might be both.”

Then, after a few moments more, it became fairly clear that it was indeed both. Zeph’s moans were unmistakeably orgasmic—and were followed, a few moments later, by gut-wrenching sobs.

“Poor kid,” Meagan said.

“Yeah.”

It hung in the air between them again: All I/he’s gotta to do is say yes…

He didn’t.

After a while they lay down. Meagan put her head on his chest.

“Sorry, love,” he said softly, stroking her hair.

“Hmm?”

“I wish I could.”

“Could what?”

“You tell me.”

“Invite her over? Or get it up for me?”

“Yeah, one of those.”

“It’s okay that you can’t. Either of them.”

“Just such a role reversal.”

“Same fuckin’ role. I’ve been stressed about school for months and I didn’t wanna fuck. Now you’re stressed about school—still my school—and you don’t wanna.”

“It’s not that I don’t want to—”

She laid a finger on his lips. “Shh. You don’t need to explain. I love you. Whenver you’re ready, I’ll be there.”

For now, he almost said.

“I gotta pee, though,” she said. “Do you want me to wait?”

“Nah, you can go ahead.”

She jumped off the bed and pulled the old jar out from under. Empty and cleaned out—she hadn’t used it for months and months. She used it now, unscrewing the top, holding it to her crotch. He watched and listened with interest as she pissed out her usual big burst. She dried off with a tissue and came back to bed.

He tried, then. Tried it for her, holding memories in his mind. But other memories intruded, and she eventually stopped stroking a softening cock and kissed him instead.

“I’ll still be here,” she whispered.

###

Parker woke up to the sound of distant thunder and nearby rain. Meagan wasn’t next to him. He rolled over. In the quarter-light he saw her at the window. He got up and went to stand beside her.

The sky was a deep gray; dawn hadn’t happened yet, and the storm was distant enough that the lightning gave no light. Meagan had the window up, leaning on the sill, nothing but the screen between them and the rain. The drips and trickles of the drains mingled with the patter of freshly fallen drops, the grumble of the thunder lying underneath it like a lazy bass line.

The air was cool, but felt fresh, rain-rinsed. Despite the temperature, Meagan was wearing exactly what she’d worn to bed: just her shorts. Parker ran his fingers through her hair and down her back, arched as she leaned by the screen. She shivered a little at his touch, her eyes going half-lidded and her chin coming up as she stretched with pleasure.

“Can’t sleep?” Parker whispered.

“I woke up early,” she answered, just as quietly, “but then it started raining, and I decided I wanted to enjoy it.”

“It sounds really lovely.”

“Mmhmmm.” She straightened up, stretching, hair falling haphazard around her shoulders. She turned to him, pulled him closer, but rather than kissing him, she just looked, gazing into him, running a finger down his cheek. Then she wrapped her arms around him and laid her head against his shoulder, face to the rain. He returned the embrace, savoring the seconds, their bare skin, her breathing, the tickle of her hair—on his shoulders this time—and the sound of the rain surrounding them.

She looked at him again. “You know what I want?” she asked.

“Mmm?”

“I wanna go outside.”

“We’ll get soaked.”

“That’s the idea. I wanna feel the rain on my face.”

He kissed her. “Okay.”

She went to her frisbee gear first. “Wear your jersey,” she murmured. “Designed for this.” She pulled on her own, not bothering with a bra, then slipped on her flip-flops. He followed her lead.

They tiptoed down the stairs, opened the door carefully and shut it behind them as quietly as possible, down the front steps between the pillars, and stepped out into the rain.

Meagan took several long steps farther than he did, out onto the lawn next to the swing. She turned her face up, eyes closed, and stretched out her arms wide, letting the rain fall on every inch of her.

Parker watched as her nipples hardened visibly under her thin blue jersey, the wet fabric outlining her breasts perfectly.

After a minute she turned back to him, and this time her outstretched hand was clearly waiting for his. He stepped forward and took it.

“Let’s walk,” she said, and led the way into the gray dawn. He shivered—from the cold? From the moment?—and followed.

It was a strange walk, a soft silence between them, nothing but the rain in their ears. He looked at her often as she ambled along, following where she led, holding her hand tight. His eyes drank in every curve of her body, perfectly outlined, and the drape of her increasingly-wet hair. She kept looking ahead, or up to the sky. She took him east, along the highway, and then turned south on College Avenue. It was, of course, ridiculously easy to get across the big road at this time of morning—they heard a single car go by behind them as they reached the far side. Meagan took them down the tree-lined street, past the dark windows of the college houses—empty over the break—to where the houses started to fall away to vacant lots, and beyond it the farmland. Here she stopped them and turned to face the storm.

It was coming out of the west. They saw lightning flicker far away, and thunder growling a good ten seconds later. It was lighter now, the sun coming up behind them, but hidden behind a stone-gray sky.

Meagan watched the storm come on for several silent minutes. Then she pulled Parker close and kissed him, a long kiss, holding his face gently between her hands, and after they broke for a moment to catch their breath, she kissed him again, longer still. After they broke a second time, it was his turn to kiss her.

“I love you,” Meagan said, softly. Lightning flashed over her shoulder a second later.

“And I love you,” Parker replied. “So much.”

One more kiss. And some shivering. Then she said, “Let’s go home.”

They went back through the quiet campus, past the brick of dorm and classroom, over the empty fields in front of the college, across an only-marginally-busier road, down the sidewalk, back up the steps and into the house.

The moment they stepped inside, the fact that they were soaked to the skin fell on them. It made sense to be drenched outside, and they’d endured the cold without complaint. But being so soaked felt bizarre once they were back indoors, and they shivered violently. They ditched their flip-flops on the tile at the bottom of the steps, jogged upstairs as quietly as they could, and as soon as the door was closed behind them, they stripped off everything they had on and started toweling each other off.

“Okay, now I’m cold,” Meagan whispered, hopped back into bed, and pulled him in beside her.

Parker cuddled every inch of her naked body, big-spooning, hands cupping her belly and one breast, and felt no shame when he stiffened at the memory of her standing all but naked in the rain.

Of course she felt it. She turned her head and whispered, “You wanna make love?”

“Yes.”

“Warm me up.”

Twenty minutes later she was warm indeed, riding him slowly, hair still wet and clinging to her shoulders, watching him with green eyes that shifted from desire to love to fear and back again, all in the space of an indrawn breath.

*011*2019-03-06 03:52

Thanks, y'all, so much. For those who say that I should write elsewhere, that's actually been my dream for most of my life. But I'm extremely glad to hear real-live people (assuming you're not all extremely polite bots) say that they'd read my work! Getting back to writing non-fetish fiction is one of my reasons for bowing out; most of my writing for the past year and a half has been for here, and it's kept me from working on other projects. It's been a fantastic experience, and I think it's taught me a lot about writing characters, but I do have other tales to tell. I'd rather not talk about them here, as I'm trying to make sure there's no link between these tales and my other stuff, just to avoid any scandal. (Although there is a long history of great artists being kinda pervy...)

Still thinking about the last two stories for M&P. Ironically, I am now hung up on an entirely non-omo section that requires a lot of mapping out! But I've started planning the finale... and I hope I'll do you all proud. Stay tuned.

{{On 2/26/2019 at 10:39 PM, Ienjoy said:

Oh my god. This writing is so insanely good. I never thought I would see a character in what's ostensibly a piece of erotic literature turn down a threesome, but somehow, it was so much better than any story where a character accepts one.

}}

Forgot to add: this is the highest praise of all!

