Another day with Alison

Author: Wet_Alison

*000*2022-08-19 15:22

Disclaimer: This is, obviously, a fiction and (sadly?) not a personal experience. It's also one of the first, if not the first story I ever decided to write. This started as random test of NovelAI (AI stories generator) cause I'm just discovering about it while I was bored at work. So the beginning is from me, and some parts are from OpenAI - I used it a quite few times but didn't always keep all of it. I hope there's not too much, noticeable differences between my writing and the AI. Also I'm French so English isn't my first language. I had a lot of fun doing it so I decided to share it here, hope you guys like it!

###

Alison has always been a fan of girl fashion and trying new outifts.

Today started as a usual day, but weather was menacing. Alison started hearing some rain drops after getting outside and was wondering if she dressed appropriately while going to work.

She didn't want to wear boots or shoes that would ruin her outfit which is why she opted for sneakers instead. She really loves the feeling when you are wearing sneakers in comparison to shoes with high heels. Her favorite pair of sneakers was white, even though they had some stains on them due to how often she wore them. The look was completed by wearing a black skirt and blouse over it.

As she walked towards her car, the sound of thunder echoed across the sky above her. She looked at the clouds and saw dark lightning bolts forming. It wasn't long until the first raindrops fell onto her face. That's when she decided to head back home.

Alison got inside her car, turned on the radio and started driving away.

But things turned worse and weather wasn't the only menacing thing. Alison tends to have desperate needs to pee quite often and today was no exception.

As she was driving back home on the highway, she became even more desperate and started wetting her blue shiny leggings. It wasn't the first time this happened to her but it was still something she had to deal with at least once a month. She could feel her bladder becoming full and she knew she should stop and pee soon.

However, she couldn't just pull over on the side of the road because there were other cars around. So she tried to hold herself off as long as she could. But she wasn't able to do that so easily and soon she felt like she was gonna explode.

Alison started looking desperately for a place where she could pull over and relieve herself. Unfortunately, all places were full with cars and trucks passing by. She started panicking and was almost about to wet herself right then and there.

That's when Alison found an abandoned gas station in a small town nearby. She drove to the closest parking spot and parked.

She could feel the relief of finding safe place, but also felt another leak of pee while getting out of her car as she still did her best to avoid the inevitable. Struggling to even take a few more steps, she decided to stand behind her car and completely flooded her leggings and sneakers as she couldn't hold it anymore. It felt like a never ending waterfall, with pee flowing on her legs for long, long minutes and ending in a huge puddle at her feet.

Alison didn't cry, she was a reasonable girl and knew that it wasn't the worst thing that could happen, even if people saw her. This is also why she usually tends to wear black leggings or shorts that hide wetness better, but she decided she'd wear whatever she wanted, even bright colors, as she shouldn't refrain from it just because of potential peeing accidents.

After some time, Alison stood up and checked her panties. They were soaked in her own pee and she knew that she had to change them immediately. But before doing that she went to the bathroom and cleaned herself, put on her fresh underwear and wore her wet leggings and sneakers again.

She took a shower at home and changed into some comfy clothes. As she was cleaning her car, she realized that she smelled of piss and thought about taking a bath. She wanted to wash her car and make sure that no one could smell her stench. When she finished washing the car, she noticed that someone was waiting for her in the hallway. It was her dad's friend from work who came to visit.

"Hi, I'm here to pick my father up," he said.

Alison was surprised to see him. "Oh, Hi! Nice to meet you."

"You too," he replied.

They exchanged some small talk and Alison decided to ask him what his name was.

"I'm John, nice to meet you."

"It's nice to meet you too, John."

Her dad came home after that and they talked about their day. Alison told him about how she almost peed on herself and how she got soaked in the rain.

"Alison, don't worry about it. You know, sometimes these things happen. And hey... I think that's the first time you've wet yourself while being on your period. Right?"

Alison smiled. "Yeah, it's not the first time actually. I can tell you stories about me peeing myself during exams in college."

