The worst Alie ever had to pee

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2021-12-03 19:38

Alie Reynolds rested her head against the window of the public bus as she watched the city go by. She had never been to this neighborhood before, having just moved to her new city a couple months ago chasing a lucrative job opportunity in a big office. Not knowing hardly anyone here, she had befriended a coworker of hers, Jenna, who had introduced Alie to her own group of friends. She had been out with this new group of friends several times now and was really happy to feel like she was becoming a part of the group.

On this day she has heading over to one of Alie's friend's flats, where they would be drinking a bit before heading out to a parade to celebrate the recent championship victory of the cities football team. The city had been abuzz with energy about the success of the team in recent weeks and it helped Alie feel like she was part of something, she had even purchase a team shirt to wear just for today.

Getting off the bus and arriving and the address she had been given, Alie knocked on the door and waited for a response with the nervous excitement of meeting new friends and experiencing the day ahead. Having recently graduated from an all female college, she was still adjusting to city life and being part of a fairly mix gendered group of friends.

The door swung open and Alie was greeted by a smiling Jenna, who had a drink in her hand.

"Perfect timing" she said "We're just getting started"

Entering in to the main room Alie saw a lot of faces, some new and some she had seen before. She was immediately handed a beer then got started on greetings and introductions. Finding herself in conversation, time (and beer) seemed to fly by, and before she knew it, she was finishing her fourth beer.

As she entered the kitchen and discarded her empty can, Jenna appeared from around the corner .

"We should head out soon, the parade is going to start in about 30 minutes" she said as she walked past.

As Alie took a drink of water from a red solo cup she had found near the sink, she noticed that her bladder was quite full, she would for sure need to pee before they went anywhere. Peeking around the corner that Jenna had come from, she noticed a small room off the hallway that must be the bathroom and she made for it, flicking on the lite, unbuttoning her tight white jean shorts, and relieving herself in to the toilet. She peed for a while, realizing how distracted she had been from her need to go.

After washing up and checking herself out, she opened the door and came face to face with one of the guys she had just met, they flashed each other a smile as she handed off the bathroom to him and proceeded back in to the main room, where everyone was getting ready to go.

Jenna handed her an iced tea bottle, which had vodka in it "for the road" and everyone took a celebratory shot before finally heading out of the flat to begin the 30 minute walk to the city where the parade would be passing by.

Along the walk, Alie had a great conversation with a few of her new friends as they continued to sip their mixed drinks, but was glad to see some recognizable landmarks indicating that they were back in the city center. She was already feeling quite a need to pee again, even though she had only just gone about 45 minutes ago.

As they arrived at the parade route, everyone was talking about how insane this crowd was, and how the city could not possibly have been ready for this. As they settled in to a spot in the crowd, Jenna and a few others approached her.

"We're going to go look for a bathroom"

"I'll come with" Alie responded quickly, relieved she wasn't the only one and that she would shortly be able to relieve the pressure in her bladder. She was sure there would be a line wherever they went, but at least they could all wait together.

They walked by a few coffee shops, but all them were either closed or had lines out the door, Alie overheard one person say that the bathroom line at one of the shops was hours long. Alie really hoped they would find something soon as her need was getting quite serious now.

Finally, they found where the city had set up port a potties, but the scene was disastrous. There were thousands of angry people crowded around only a few dozen potties, the group got in line at the back, but they couldn't even see the blue port a potties from here, it was quickly clear this was not going to work.

"Let's find something else" one of the girls commented "We'll be here all day"

The group agreed and everyone moved on, Alie was starting to feel nervous, she now had to go worse than she could remember in a very long time and there seemed to be no prospect of relief.

After a few more minutes of walking, the group stumbled upon a defunct old drug store, and Alie saw a sight she had never seen. The lot was filled with people peeing. Guys lined up against the back wall, girls squatting between cars, all wide out in the open just away from a major intersection in broad daylight. The group stopped for a moment and stared in awe, before one of the guys made his move, muttering "fuck it" and going for the wall, the other guys quickly followed his example.

"Maybe we should just suck it up, there's nowhere else" one of the girls said with a hint of desperation in her voice.

"I think I have to do it guys" one of the girls said as she rapidly pee danced.

"We can all cover for each other, lets just do it" Jenna agreed.

And with that, all the girls rushed forward in to the lot, leaving Alie standing on the corner biting her lip with her legs tightly crossed. She really did need to go, but she had never peed anywhere but a toilet before and she really did not care to start in a crowed parking lot in the middle of a major city that she had just moved to. While her friends were gone, Alie wandered over to the next corner and looked down the street, hoping for an alternative, but just saw more of the same, packed streets and lines spilling out of businesses.

Returning to where she had stood, she noticed some of her friends had begun returning, including Jenna.

"Do you not want to go?" Jenna asked

"I really have to go actually" Alie grimaced "but I might try to find somewhere else"

"I hope you can... I didn't see anywhere"

As the group continued to wait for everyone else to get back, everyone seemed to be in a much more relaxed mood, but Alie couldn't even bring herself to participate in the conversation, she was a bit cross with jealously that everyone had else had gotten their relief, it wasn't fair, it felt like they cheated.

The rest of the group returned and began heading back toward the parade, Alie silently lagged behind for a moment, before deciding that she absolutely could not do this. She had to find somewhere to go, she didn't care about the parade anymore, she didn't care about bonding with her new friends, she needed to pee, NOW. everything else was secondary.

She tapped Jenna on the shoulder, interrupting her conversation a bit, but she didn't care "Hey, I'm going to go find a bathroom, I'll catch up with you guys later"

"You sure? Do you want me to come back to the lot with you?"

"No it's fine, ill text you"

And with that, Alie turned up a nearby street she had been somewhat familiar with, she knew there were several bars there. If she had to wait in line, so be it, she would just have to survive.

It didn't look good though, everywhere was packed beyond belief and no bars seemed to be letting anyone else in, she approached a bouncer who was standing alone outside of one that she had been to before, before she could even say anything, he started "Unless you have a reservation or are with a party, we aren't letting anyone else in today"

"Please" Alie smiled desperately "Could I just run in to the bathroom real quick? It's an absolute emergency, you have no idea"

The bouncer looked disinterested, Alie quickly found her wallet, pulled out all the cash she had taken out earlier that morning and held it out towards him "Please, PLEASE" she begged "Just 2 minutes, this is all I have". But the bouncer scoffed, shook his head and crossed his arms, and Alie dashed away up the street.

Reaching the end of the row, Alie was really starting to panic. In the last 5 minutes since she had left her friends, her need had grown to new heights, more than she ever thought possible. This was now absolutely the worst she had ever need to go, her bladder hurt so bad it felt as if it was starting to go numb. As she stood on the corner, legs tightly crossed and hunched over, she thought back to when she was a young girl, and had held it too long while playing outside. As she had tried to dash home that day, she felt a similar numbness and ultimately ended up wetting herself on her front porch. Her mother had been so disappointing, and she promised herself she would never let that happen again.

She now really regretted not peeing in the parking lot.

With a new resolve, Alie unbuttoned and slightly unzipped her tight white shorts, giving herself just a bit of relief. She quickly pulled her phone out of her pocket and opened her map. She punched in her apartment's address, it was about a mile away, a 30 minute walk, but it gave Alie another idea, only about half way along that route was her office building. It would be empty today, given that it was a Sunday and that the parade was going on, but she could use her keycard to sneak in, ride up the elevator, pee, and be gone before anyone even knew she was there.

She did her best to stretch her shirt over her unbuttoned pants and made for it, her insides throbbing and her surroundings becoming a blur as she rushed toward salvation. The tall building came in to view from a few blocks away, Alie could see her floor, and was already imagining the toilet that was just behind those blue windows, she knew exactly where it was, and she would be there in 10 short minutes.

By the time she navigated through the crowd and reached the entrance to her office, Alie was no longer sure she hadn't already peed herself a bit. Her vulva felt sweaty and numb, and the pain in her abdomen was like nothing she'd ever felt. Her entire body was covered in a thin film of sweat, almost as if her body was trying to eject the excess liquid by other means. Finally, she swiped her card and dashed in to the building and made a bee line for the elevators, moving so fast that she didn't even notice the security guard moving swiftly to intercept her

"Excuse me miss, we're close tod--"

"It's - it's ok, I work here" Alie gasped showing her swipe card

"Can I see your essential personnel form?"

Alie could not handle this delay- as she attempted to process the question she had just been asked, she felt what she had been dreading for the last 30 minutes, a massive jet of urine escaped past her iron defenses. Alie felt it blast through her panties and begin to dampen the gusset of her white shorts before she was able to get it under control. Forgetting herself, she dropped her left hand immediately to her crotch and looked down, she had managed to stop it and thank god nothing was running down her legs... yet.

"I- um, um... I'm sorry - essential personal form?" she said weakly, a tear now running down her beat red face

"Um - yeah - um - due to the parade we - um - are only letting in essential personnel today unfortunately - you know um executives and um IT folks and the like"

"I work here" Alie gasped through labored breaths "Please, I just need to use the bathroom, I'll be back down in 2 minutes, I won't even go in the office, just bathroom and back, PLEASE"

"I uh, really can't let you enter unsupervised miss - could lose my job and..."

"What if you came with me?" Alie pleaded "Not much trouble I can do in the bathroom"

"Well, um... I guess that would be alright, let me just lock up real quick, can't leave the lobby unattended... be right back"

As the guard turned away, Alie felt her overfilled bladder contract and a bit more start to come out. Letting out a loud gasp, she turned and faced the wall, leading against it with her sweat covered forhead resting on her forearm. Her free arm dropping in to her shorts and on to her damp vulva where it squeezed and kneaded for all it was worth. She was now panting like a wounded animal, about to explode in the lobby of the office that she went to every day for her dream job.

Just a few moments later the guard returned to the desperate girl and pressed the button the elevator. "Um, ok miss, we can go up now, not much longer"

Unable to let go of herself or make eye contact with the guard, Alie wobbled in to the elevator and went back to leaning against the wall, continuing to knead at herself. She tried to ignore the pain in her bladder and watch as the numbers ticked up, 14...15....16..... and finally.... 17, her companies floor.

She hobbled as quickly as she could toward the bathrooms, guard in tow, hardly hearing him say "I'll wait out here" as she crashed through the door and into the nearest stall.

Without even closing or locking the stall door, Alie approached the toilet, ripped her shorts and her soaking panties down, and collapsed, exploding with relief. She could hardly even feel it at first, she could just hear the rapid hissing of her pent up pain slamming into the still water, then finally, after a few seconds, she felt her bladder beginning to deflate with an unabashed groan of epic relief, tilting her head back and letting out a long breath.

She peed.... and peeed..... and peeeeeed, her agony turning turning in to relief, and after finally fishing after what felt like 10 minutes, she hunched over on the toilet, completely exhausted from her ordeal and enjoying the feeling of emptiness she so longed for.

She probably would have sat there for longer, catching her breath, if it wasn't for a knock on the bathroom door. "Uh... miss... you ok?"

She had completely forgotten about the guard who had saved her, he had definitely heard everything, but she didn't really care. Pulling up her damp panties and slightly damp shorts, she exited the bathroom and returned to the elevator, riding down quietly with the guard until he broke the silence "I'm James by the way, I do see you come in here sometimes, which is why I let you up"

She flashed him a shy smile "you saved my life James, that was... a real emergency".

James chuckled "I could tell... and don't worry, what happens here on Sundays is never shared"

The elevator dinged and the doors opened, Alie leaned over and gave James a quick peck on the cheek, letting her hand drift oh so briefly on to the bulge in his pants "Thank you James, I'll see you Monday"

Alie sauntered the rest of the way home, still overcome with relief, took a long, hot, much needed shower, and collapsed in to her bed.

*002*2021-12-04 22:33

Glad you liked it! Your stories are my favorite, we obviously have very similar tastes with this stuff

