Snape and Olivia One shot collection

Author: WolfieO

*000*2025-04-18 19:00

(One shot)

The candlelit quarters were hushed, the soft murmur of the fire mingling with the quiet of the night. Olivia, standing near a secluded corner of their private space, felt a familiar, uneasy warmth spread across her skin—a signal of her condition acting at the most inopportune time. She shifted uncomfortably, trying to hide the evidence of her vulnerability beneath the loose fabric of her robe.

Severus, ever watchful, had noticed her slight fidgeting throughout the evening. With deliberate calm, he set aside his reading and moved toward her. His dark eyes, usually so inscrutable, now held a teasing spark as he observed her uneasy posture.

“Olivia,” he said in a low, even tone, his voice carrying both authority and a playful edge. “Are you… experiencing a little mishap right now?”

Her eyes widened, and her cheeks flamed crimson with embarrassment. For a heartbeat, she hesitated—unsure whether to protest or confess. The silence stretched between them, charged with unspoken meaning. Finally, in a soft, halting murmur, she admitted, “Yes... I… it’s happening.”

Severus’s lips curved into a small, knowing smirk. He took a slow step closer, his gaze never leaving hers. “I had a suspicion,” he murmured, his tone laced with a teasing dominance that made her heart flutter despite her mortification.

Olivia tried to avert her eyes, wishing desperately to hide her vulnerable state. “Please, Severus...” she whispered, voice trembling as she fought the urge to shrink away.

“Now, now,” he said, his tone gentle yet firm. “There’s no need for pretenses. I find you quite... irresistible.” His words, though edged with playful dominance.

Severus’s eyes lingered on Olivia’s flushed cheeks, his gaze a blend of mischief and genuine interest. The corridor’s quiet intimacy wrapped around them, and in that secluded space, the air seemed charged with an unspoken challenge.

“You know,” he began, his voice low and even, “I must confess—I do find your little blush absolutely delightful.” His tone was teasing, edged with that unmistakable dominance that Olivia both dreaded and secretly adored.

Olivia shifted, her eyes darting away for a moment as she tried to hide the deep red that spread across her face. “Severus, please…” she whispered, a mix of embarrassment and reluctant amusement in her tone.

"Not to mention the face you make when you...lose control. Tell me, Olivia, what were you feeling when you realized you couldn't hold it anymore?"

Olivia didn't have any words. She stood there, the heat creeping up her neck. Her face says it all.

"So now, what do you suppose I do with you, now that you're all wet ?"

Olivia stammered, "I...I don't know..."

Severus smirked. He could feel the heat radiating from her face, her embarrassment on full display.

"Do I need to check you, Olivia? Do I need to see how wet you are? I can only imagine you're positively soaked, considering how long you were standing there."

Olivia could feel the tears welling up in her eyes. A mixture of shame and desire caught in her throat.

"You....you can."

Severus wasted no time. As if compulsory, he slipped his hand inside the waistband of her pullup, feeling the inner folds. His fingers didn't waver. His onyx eyes ever so slowly rose to meet hers, their measured gaze seeming to penetrate to the very depths of her soul, alight with unmistakable wicked delight.

"You're *absolutely* drenched," he lulled.

Before she could take another breath, he had her against the bedpost, his body pressing into hers, firm and unyielding. His hands moved over her like he owned her, his fingers dragging roughly down her sides before slipping beneath her clothes.

"Olivia" he growled, his lips brushing over the shell of her ear before he bit down just hard enough to make her gasp. "I’m going to absolutely ruin you."

He spun her around, forcing her hands against the mattress as he pressed against her back. He yanked down her pullup with swift, impatient hands, his grip firm as he guided her exactly where he wanted her.

"You have no idea what you do to me," he muttered, his voice thick with desire. "When you lose control...when you wet yourself...I want you. And now ? I'm going to take you."

Olivia moaned, her knees weak beneath her. The way he spoke to her—dark, possessive, utterly shameless—sent fire straight through her veins.

"Look at you," he sneered, his fingers trailing between her legs, teasing her but never giving her exactly what she needed. "Already soaking. Tell me, love—do you like it when I treat you like this? When I don’t hold back?"

She whimpered, nodding, but that wasn’t enough for him.

"Words," he commanded, his other hand coming down on her ass with a sharp smack.

"Yes," she gasped. "I love it."

"That’s my good girl," he praised, though his voice was laced with dark amusement. "Now take it."

And she did.

He was relentless. He took her without hesitation, without restraint, his hands gripping her hips so tightly she knew she’d feel it tomorrow. His thrusts were deep and unforgiving, each one claiming her, owning her. He grunted in satisfaction every time she cried out for him, every time she clenched around him, desperate for more.

"You feel that?" he growled, pulling her back harder against him. "That’s me, stretching you out. No one else will ever touch you like this—no one else will ever fuck you like this."

Olivia could barely think, barely breathe, the force of his movements sending her spiraling into pure, unfiltered pleasure. Her body obeyed him completely, responding to his every touch, every filthy word whispered against her ear.

"You love this, don’t you?" he taunted, his fingers slipping between her thighs to push her even further. "Being used like this, being taken so hard you’ll still feel me tomorrow."

Her moans were desperate, unrestrained. "Yes, Severus—please—"

"Please what?" he mocked, his pace never faltering. "Please fuck you harder? Please make you cum so hard you forget your own name?"

She could only sob in pleasure, nodding frantically.

"Pathetic little thing," he murmured, but there was admiration in his tone, pride in how completely he had undone her. "Cum for me, Olivia. Now."

And she did.

Her body seized, pleasure exploding through her as she cried out his name. Severus didn’t slow, didn’t let up—not until he was satisfied, not until she was trembling beneath him, utterly wrecked.

Only then did he allow himself to fall over the edge, a deep, shuddering groan escaping him as he climaxed.

For a long moment, they simply breathed—bodies still tangled, sweat-slicked and exhausted. Then, slowly, Severus leaned down, pressing a lingering kiss to the back of her neck.

"Good girl," he murmured, his voice still rough but now tinged with warmth. "That’s exactly how I wanted you."

Olivia, still dazed, let out a breathless laugh. "I don’t think I can walk after that."

Severus smirked, pressing another kiss to her shoulder. "Good. That means I did it right."

***One shot** I'm not titling these & I'm trying to keep them separate.

The fire burned low in the hearth, its warm glow casting flickering shadows across the room. The air was thick with desire, heavy with the intensity that had been building between them all evening. Severus stood behind Olivia, his hands firm on her hips, his grip possessive, commanding.

“You know I’ll take care of you,” he murmured against her ear, his breath hot, his voice dripping with dominance. “You trust me, don’t you?”

Olivia nodded, her fingers gripping the sheets as he guided her down onto the bed, positioning her just as he wanted. She could feel his gaze raking over her, admiring every inch of her bare, trembling form. She was his—completely.

His hands roamed over her skin, fingers trailing down the curve of her back before dipping lower, teasing. “You’re so soft,” he muttered, his tone laced with satisfaction. “So perfect.”

She gasped as he spread her open, his fingers pressing inside her with slow, deliberate intent. The stretch was immediate, his touch confident and practiced as he worked her open, preparing her for him.

“That’s it,” Severus growled, his other hand resting at the small of her back, keeping her exactly where he wanted her. “Relax for me.”

Olivia moaned, pressing her forehead into the mattress, overwhelmed by the pleasure mixed with the intoxicating pressure of being so completely filled. His fingers curled inside her, finding the spot that made her shudder beneath him.

“Severus…” she gasped, her body tensing as the pleasure built, her nerves tingling with every stroke of his hand.

“Let go,” he murmured, his pace never faltering. “I want everything.”

And then, in the midst of her spiraling pleasure, it happened. The pressure, the overwhelming sensations, everything came crashing down at once, and she lost control. A sudden warmth spread between them, her body betraying her even as the pleasure still pulsed through her. She was having an accident on his hand.

Her breath hitched in horror. “No—”

But Severus didn’t stop. He didn’t pull away.

His fingers remained inside her, his grip tightening as his low chuckle sent a shiver down her spine. “Oh, Olivia,” he murmured, amused and utterly unbothered. “Look at you… falling apart just like I wanted.”

Her face burned, shame creeping in, but before she could even think of pulling away, Severus pushed deeper, drawing another strangled moan from her lips.

“You think this changes anything?” His voice was rough, almost possessive. “I told you—you’re mine. Every inch of you.”

She whimpered, her body still trembling, and Severus, satisfied with her submission, withdrew his fingers and replaced them with himself in one slow, measured thrust.

The sensation of him stretching her, filling her completely, sent a broken moan tumbling from her lips. He gripped her hips tighter, holding her still as he bottomed out inside her, his breath uneven with restraint.

“Do you feel that?” he growled, his voice thick with pleasure. “That’s me, taking exactly what’s mine.”

Olivia sobbed his name, her body adjusting to his relentless pace, to the way he claimed her so completely.

“Say it,” Severus demanded, his thrusts deep and punishing. “Say you belong to me.”

“I—I belong to you,” she gasped, the words spilling from her lips without hesitation.

He groaned, his fingers digging into her skin as he pounded into her harder, chasing his own release. The slickness between them only fueled his movements, making it easier for him to take her exactly how he wanted.

“Good girl,” he muttered, his voice shaking as he neared his end. “Now come for me again.”

And she did—violently, uncontrollably, her body trembling as pleasure ripped through her once more. The sound she made sent Severus over the edge, a deep, guttural groan leaving his lips as he spilled into her, his body shuddering with the force of his climax.

For a long moment, neither of them moved, their breaths ragged, their bodies still locked together.

Then, finally, Severus pulled her back against his chest, pressing a lazy kiss to her shoulder. “That,” he murmured, his voice hoarse, “was exactly what I wanted.”

Olivia, still breathless, let out a small, exhausted laugh, burying her face in the pillow. “You’re insatiable.”

Severus smirked against her skin. “And you love it.”

She didn’t even try to argue.

*001*2025-04-18 19:11

***Cute One shot***

The warm glow of candlelight flickered across the walls of Olivia’s quarters, casting long shadows as she sat curled up on the sofa, a book in her lap. She had been trying—*really* trying—to focus on reading, but it was proving difficult with Severus sitting across from her, watching her with that knowing smirk of his.

She could *feel* his gaze, steady and unyielding, and it was making it impossible to concentrate.

Finally, she glanced up, narrowing her eyes. “What?” she asked, trying to sound unimpressed, but the heat rising to her cheeks betrayed her.

Severus chuckled, the sound deep and rich. He was leaning back in his chair, arms crossed, looking completely at ease. “Oh, nothing,” he murmured, his voice smooth and infuriatingly amused. “I just enjoy watching you try to pretend I’m not distracting you.”

Olivia huffed and attempted to return to her book, but the moment she did, Severus’s voice dropped lower. “You know, Olivia,” he mused, “I think I’ve discovered something rather fascinating about you.”

She hesitated, her fingers tightening around the pages. “And what’s that?”

Severus smirked. “You blush *beautifully* when you’re flustered.”

Her breath caught, and she immediately felt the warmth spread up her neck. “I do *not*,” she argued weakly, avoiding his gaze.

“Oh, you do,” he countered smoothly. “It’s quite endearing, really. A simple glance, a few well-placed words, and there it is—that pretty pink flush.”

She pressed her lips together, determined not to give him the satisfaction. “You’re imagining things.”

Severus tsked, clearly entertained. He stood and took slow, deliberate steps toward her. “Am I?” he drawled, stopping just beside the sofa. “I wonder…”

Olivia held her breath as he reached down, running the back of his fingers lightly along her cheek. “Ah,” he murmured, smirking. “There it is again.”

She swatted his hand away, her entire face burning now. “You’re impossible.”

Severus chuckled, settling onto the sofa beside her. “Oh, but it’s *adorable* how easily you get flustered.” He tilted his head, watching her with that dark, unreadable expression. “I quite enjoy it, you know.”

Olivia groaned, sinking further into her seat. “Do you *have* to do this?”

Severus smirked, leaning in just a little closer. “Of course. What kind of man would I be if I didn’t take full advantage of something so delightful?”

She buried her face in her hands, making him chuckle again. “And here I thought you were a fearless Slytherin,” he teased, his tone laced with amusement. “Yet all it takes is a few words to leave you speechless.”

“I am *not* speechless,” she mumbled, though she refused to meet his gaze.

“No?” His voice was a quiet hum now, closer, more deliberate. “Then tell me, Olivia… if I whispered in your ear right now, if I told you exactly what I’m thinking, would you still keep your composure?”

Her stomach flipped, and her breath caught in her throat.

Severus chuckled darkly, watching her reaction with evident satisfaction. “That’s what I thought.”

She shoved him lightly, but there was no real force behind it. “You’re *so* smug.”

He smirked, clearly pleased. “And you’re so very easy to tease.”

“Because you *cheat*,” she accused, still refusing to meet his eyes.

Severus only laughed again, leaning back against the sofa. “Perhaps,” he admitted. “But you make it far too enjoyable to resist.”

Olivia groaned, hiding her face once more, and Severus only smirked as he draped an arm lazily across the back of the sofa. He had won this round—*again.*

And he fully intended to do it *again*… and *again*… and *again.*

Because watching Olivia blush?

That was *far* too irresistible to ever stop.

***NSFW One shot** (but is any of this sfw?)

Severus stood at the front of the classroom, lecturing to the students on the finer points of potions. Olivia sat at her desk, taking notes and trying to focus on the lesson. But as the class wore on, she began to feel a familiar sensation in her pullup. She tried to ignore it, to will it away, but it was no use. She felt the warmth spreading through her, and she knew she was in trouble.

Severus, ever the observant one, noticed the subtle change in Olivia's demeanor. He saw the faint flush rise to her cheeks, and the way she shifted uncomfortably in her seat. He knew that look, that telltale sign of embarrassment and discomfort. And he knew exactly what it meant.

As the students filed out of the classroom, Severus's eyes never left Olivia's face. He could see the mortification written all over her, and it only served to heighten his interest. He waited until the last student had left the room, and then he strode over to Olivia, his long legs eating up the distance.

"Ah, Olivia," he said, his voice low and menacing. "I think you've had a bit of an accident, haven't you?"

Olivia's face went bright red as Severus pinned her against his desk. She tried to struggle, to push him away, but he was too strong. He held her in place, his eyes boring into hers as he demanded to know the truth.

"Tell me, Olivia," he growled. "Have you wet yourself?"

Olivia's voice was barely above a whisper. "Y-yes."

Severus's eyes flashed with excitement, and he reached down to check for himself. His fingers brushed against the wet fabric of her pullup, and he let out a low groan of arousal. "You know what you do to me when you wet yourself like this, don't you, Olivia?" he whispered, his breath hot against her ear. "You know how it makes me feel."

Olivia's embarrassment was palpable. She felt like she was going to die from shame, like she was going to melt into the floor and disappear. But at the same time, she couldn't help but feel a twisted sense of excitement. She knew that Severus was turned on by her accident, and that knowledge only served to heighten her own arousal.

Severus's fingers continued to explore her wet pullup, his touch sending shivers down her spine. "You're soaking wet, Olivia," he whispered, his voice full of excitement. "You're absolutely dripping. And you know what that means, don't you?"

Olivia nodded, her face still burning with embarrassment. She knew what it meant. It meant that Severus was going to take her, right there on his desk. It meant that he was going to fuck her, hard and fast, and that she was going to love every minute of it.

With a swift motion, Severus ripped the pullup off of Olivia, exposing her soaking wet bottom to the air. He didn't hesitate, didn't even bother to undress himself. He simply lifted Olivia up onto his desk, and plunged into her, his cock driving deep into her wet and willing body.

Olivia cried out, her voice echoing off the walls of the classroom as Severus fucked her ruthlessly. She was trapped, pinned beneath him as he took her with a ferocity that left her breathless. And as he pounded into her, she felt herself losing control once again.

This time, it was even worse. She felt the warmth spreading through her, and she knew she was having another accident, right there on Severus's desk. She was mortified, humiliated, and yet she couldn't help but feel a twisted sense of excitement.

Severus, for his part, was in heaven. He loved the feeling of Olivia's wet body beneath him, loved the way she responded to his touch. And as he came, his cock erupting inside her, he knew that he would never let her go. She was his, completely and utterly his, and he would do whatever it took to keep her that way.

As they finished, Severus pulled out of Olivia and stood up, his chest heaving with exertion. He looked down at Olivia, who was still lying on his desk, her face flushed with embarrassment. "You're mine, Olivia," he whispered, his voice full of possessiveness. "You're mine, and I'll never let you go."

**Oneshot from when they were dating***

The evening air was crisp as Olivia and Severus walked through the quiet corridors of Hogsmeade. The streets were still bustling with late-night shoppers, students sneaking away for an extra butterbeer, and the occasional witch or wizard enjoying the glow of the lantern-lit village. Olivia had been enjoying the night—up until she felt it.

Panic bloomed in her chest. The telltale warmth spreading down her thighs was immediate, undeniable. She froze mid-step, her breath catching as realization hit her. *No. No, no, not here.*

Her pullup had leaked.

Her heart pounded. She looked down, barely daring to assess the damage, but it was impossible to miss—the slight dampness streaking down her legs, darkening her tights. It wasn’t *terrible*, but it was *enough.*

Severus had taken two steps ahead before noticing she wasn’t beside him anymore. He turned, his sharp eyes instantly honing in on her rigid posture, the way her hands clenched at her sides. His expression shifted from mild curiosity to immediate understanding.

He stepped closer, lowering his voice so only she could hear. “Olivia.” It wasn’t a question—it was a reassurance.

She couldn’t bring herself to look up at him, her face already burning with embarrassment. “I—I think I—”

“I know.”

Before she could say another word, Severus’s long, heavy cloak was around her shoulders, draping down her body in an instant. The fabric was thick, dark, concealing *everything.* His movements were seamless, as if he had been expecting this, as if it were second nature to him now.

Her breath trembled. Nobody had noticed—nobody except him.

He leaned in slightly, his voice a low murmur just for her. “It’s alright. I have your bag.”

Her head snapped up in surprise. “You…?”

Severus smirked, barely visible beneath the flickering streetlights. “Of course, I do. I know my girl by now.”

Warmth spread through Olivia’s chest—different from the shame that had threatened to consume her just moments ago. This warmth was steady, grounding, filled with a kind of quiet devotion she still wasn’t used to receiving.

He shifted slightly, stepping closer so his body shielded hers even more. “There’s an inn just ahead,” he said, his voice calm, unaffected. “We’ll step inside, and you can change. No one will notice a thing.”

She swallowed, her face still burning, but she nodded. She trusted him.

Without another word, Severus guided her forward, his hand resting protectively at her back as they maneuvered through the crowd. Nobody gave them a second glance. If anything, Severus’s imposing presence, combined with the swish of his billowing cloak, ensured that no one would dare look too closely.

By the time they reached the dimly lit hallway of the inn, Olivia let out a shaky breath. “I can’t believe this happened,” she whispered.

Severus’s hand brushed against hers as he pressed the small satchel into her palm. “And yet, it did,” he said simply. “And we’re handling it.”

She looked up at him, the weight of his unwavering gaze settling over her like a shield. He wasn’t judging her. He wasn’t irritated. If anything, there was something almost *fond* in the way he regarded her.

“You came prepared,” she murmured, gripping the bag tightly.

Severus’s lips quirked in amusement. “As I said… I know my girl.”

Her blush deepened, but this time, it wasn’t from embarrassment alone. It was something softer, something undeniably warm.

She nodded, stepping toward the restroom, but before she disappeared inside, Severus caught her wrist, his thumb brushing lightly over her skin. “Take your time,” he murmured. “I’ll be here.”

And when she returned—fresh, composed, and still wrapped in his cloak—he was exactly where he said he’d be, waiting with that same steady, knowing gaze.

“Better?” he asked.

She nodded. “Better.”

Severus smirked, offering her his arm. “Then let’s go home.”

And just like that, the night continued—uninterrupted, unshaken—because no matter what happened, Severus *always* had her covered.

*002*2025-04-18 19:17

***Severus is teasing & amused one shot***

The classroom was still, the silence pressing after the students had departed. Severus had dismissed them early, his sharp tone ensuring no one lingered, and now the air was charged with anticipation. Olivia sat at her desk, fussing with her quill as though it were the most interesting object in the world.

But Severus saw through her. He always did.

With a deliberate stride, he moved closer, his boots clicking ominously against the stone floor. "Olivia," he began, his voice dripping with mockery, "are we going to sit here and pretend I haven’t noticed your little... predicament?"

Her shoulders stiffened, and she glanced at him, her cheeks tinged pink. "I don’t know what you mean," she said quickly, her voice a little too high-pitched to sound convincing.

His lips curled into a smirk as he folded his arms across his chest. "Don’t insult my intelligence," he drawled, tilting his head. "I’ve been watching you squirm in that chair for the past hour. And if my suspicions are correct—and they usually are—you’ve been naughty, haven’t you?"

Her face flushed crimson, and she shook her head vigorously. "I haven’t done anything," she insisted, her words tumbling over one another.

"Oh, haven’t you?" he said, stepping closer, his tone laced with mock skepticism. "Then pray tell, why are you so... uncomfortable? Perhaps you’d care to enlighten me. Or shall I hazard a guess?"

She shifted in her seat, biting her lip. "Severus, this isn’t—"

He cut her off with a raised hand, his eyes gleaming with amusement. "No, no," he said smoothly, "let me take a wild stab in the dark. You thought you could sit there, all prim and proper, as though nothing had happened. As though you hadn’t just..." He let the sentence dangle, raising an eyebrow.

Her mouth opened, then closed again, her hands twisting in her lap.

He leaned down, his voice dropping to a silken whisper. "Tell me, darling," he said, his tone mockingly sweet, "did you think I wouldn’t notice? Did you think I wouldn’t know that my little girl had an accident?"

She let out a mortified sound, her face burning as she tried to turn away from him. But he caught her chin gently, forcing her to look at him.

"Don’t turn away," he murmured, his eyes locking onto hers. "Own up to it. Admit what you’ve done."

"I—I didn’t mean to," she whispered, her voice barely audible.

"Ah, so you *have* done something," he said, his smirk widening. "I knew it. And here you were, trying to lie to me. Naughty girl."

She whimpered softly, her embarrassment clear as she squirmed under his gaze.

He straightened, shaking his head in mock disappointment. "Honestly, Olivia," he said, his voice dripping with sarcasm, "how hard is it to take care of yourself? Do I need to start reminding you when to excuse yourself? Or perhaps I should escort you to the lavatory like a helpless little first-year?"

"Severus!" she protested, her voice a mixture of embarrassment and indignation.

He chuckled, clearly enjoying her reaction. "Oh, don’t pout," he said, his tone teasing. "You’re far too adorable when you blush like that. It almost makes me forget how naughty you’ve been."

She glared at him, though her cheeks remained red. "You’re impossible."

"And you’re predictable," he shot back, his smirk softening slightly. "But I suppose that’s part of your charm."

She huffed, crossing her arms. "Are you done tormenting me yet?"

He stepped closer, his expression shifting from teasing to something softer, though the glint of amusement remained in his eyes. "Not quite," he said, his voice quieter now. "But only because I enjoy seeing you like this. Flustered. Embarrassed. Mine."

Her breath hitched at his words, and she looked away, her blush deepening.

He reached out, brushing a strand of hair from her face. "Relax, darling," he murmured. "You know I don’t mind your little... mishaps. In fact, I find them rather endearing."

"Endearing?" she repeated, her voice skeptical.

"Yes," he said firmly, his thumb brushing her cheek. "Because they remind me how perfectly imperfect you are. And because they give me an excuse to tease you mercilessly."

Despite herself, she smiled, though she still looked flustered. "You’re terrible," she muttered.

"And you’re mine," he replied, his voice soft but possessive.

She didn’t argue, her smile growing as she leaned into his touch.

*003*2025-04-18 19:23

***Sweet one shot from when they were still dating***

It had been a long night. The quiet intimacy between Severus and Olivia had stretched into the early hours, both of them reveling in the peaceful closeness they shared. The warmth of their shared bed, the soft sound of their breathing mingling in the dim light of the moon—everything had felt so perfect. Neither of them had wanted to break the silence, and the world outside had seemed miles away.

Now, though, the morning sunlight was creeping through the curtains, gently stirring Olivia from a deep sleep. She blinked groggily, the soft weight of Severus' arm still draped over her waist. She tried to shift closer to him, seeking his warmth, but something felt... off.

A dampness beneath her, cold and uncomfortable, made her sit up quickly. She froze, eyes wide with realization. Her heart sank.

"Severus..." she whispered, voice barely above a breath, her cheeks flushed with embarrassment.

Severus groaned softly in his sleep, still unaware of the shift, his arm tightening around her instinctively. He murmured something unintelligible, but Olivia's worry only deepened. She carefully shifted away from him, sitting up on the edge of the bed, glancing down at herself.

Her stomach dropped—she hadn't worn a pullup to bed. In her exhaustion from the night before, she had forgotten, and now the consequences were painfully obvious.

"Severus," she said again, this time louder, her voice tight with guilt.

He groggily opened one eye, squinting at the intrusion to his peaceful slumber. "Mmm?" he mumbled, clearly not fully awake.

She winced. "I... I forgot to wear my pullup last night... and I... well, I..." She trailed off, not even needing to finish the sentence. Her face was bright red with embarrassment as she sat on the edge of the bed, unsure of how to proceed.

Severus blinked a few times, still half-asleep, before his eyes shifted to her. His gaze flickered down to the wet sheets before he smirked lazily, his lips twitching with the ghost of a smile.

"Well, this is a new development," he drawled, his voice thick with amusement. "You must be the only woman I know who can sleep through an entire accident like that."

Olivia buried her face in her hands, mortified. "Oh, Severus, I’m so sorry," she stammered. "I didn’t mean for this to happen. I should have been more careful. I—"

Severus sat up with a sigh, cutting her off with a gentle but sarcastic tone. "Olivia," he said, lifting a hand and placing it on her back. "Really. You’ve had your condition for as long as I’ve known you. You think this is the first time I’ve ever seen you wet the bed? Hardly."

She peeked through her fingers, still flustered, and watched as Severus slowly rose from the bed, stretching his arms above his head. His movements were languid, casual, as if the situation wasn’t nearly as mortifying as she thought. He turned back to her with an eyebrow raised.

"You’re really making a big deal out of this, love," he continued, his voice now filled with playful teasing. "It’s not like you went out of your way to cause chaos. You simply forgot to wear your... what’s the word? Ah yes, your ‘diaper.’ How could I possibly be upset about that?"

Her face flushed even more, but Severus’ teasing didn’t bother her as much as it would have if anyone else had said it. His tone was affectionate, as if he was trying to make her feel less ashamed.

"I should’ve been more careful," she murmured again, looking down at the wet sheets. "I hate it when this happens."

Severus sat back down next to her, his demeanor softening. "Darling, I already told you. It’s fine." He paused for a moment, watching her. "It’s you. I’ve accepted this part of you long ago, and I love you just the same. Wet sheets in the morning won’t change that." He gave her a small, playful nudge. "But I do have to say, you’re lucky I love you so much, or I’d be complaining about the sheets."

She laughed softly, finally able to look him in the eye. Her worries about the accident were slowly dissipating, replaced by the comforting warmth of his affection.

Severus shifted slightly, his voice lowering in that soft, serious way he had when he wanted to make her feel safe. "You never need to apologize for something you can’t control. That’s a lesson I’ve been trying to teach you for months, Olivia."

She nodded, still a bit embarrassed, but grateful for his reassurance. "I just don’t want you to feel burdened by it."

"Burdened?" Severus gave her a disbelieving look, his lips curling upward. "My darling, nothing about you is a burden. Nothing you do, nothing you can’t control—none of it burdens me. I love you, all of you. Wet sheets and all."

She smiled, her heart lightening in her chest. "You’re right," she whispered. "I know you love me. Thank you for being so patient with me."

He leaned forward, brushing a stray lock of hair from her face, his expression softening further. "I will always be patient with you, Olivia. There is nothing about you that I would ever change."

Severus stood up then, offering his hand to her. "Now, let’s get you cleaned up, hmm? And maybe you should keep a spare pullup by the bed. I’ll make sure you’re well taken care of."

She took his hand gratefully, letting him pull her gently to her feet. "Thank you," she whispered again, feeling the weight of her embarrassment lift entirely. "I’m really lucky to have you."

Severus gave her a small, tender smile before pulling her close to him. "We’re lucky to have each other."

As he led her to the bathroom, a sense of peace settled over her. Despite her moment of vulnerability, Severus had reminded her, once again, that he would always be there for her, no matter what.

*004*2025-04-21 17:08

***Sexy time one shot***

Severus had Olivia right where he wanted her—squirming in his lap, trembling in his grasp, her body betraying her with every passing second.

She was trying—oh, she was trying so hard—to hold it. But he could feel the tension in her thighs, the way her muscles clenched every time his fingers teased over her stomach, pressing *just enough* to make her breath hitch.

“Sev—” she whimpered, gripping his robes, her whole body shaking. “I really have to go.”

He *hummed* in amusement, dragging his lips along the side of her throat. “Oh, I *know* you do,” he purred. “I can *feel* how badly you need to.”

His hand slipped lower, over the soft curve of her belly, pressing lightly before his fingers drifted between her legs.

She jerked, sucking in a sharp breath.

“Ohh, poor little thing,” he *mocked*, his voice dripping with condescension. “Trying so hard to keep control.”

She let out a whimper, pressing her thighs together, but he tsked and used his free hand to spread them apart.

“No, no,” he chided. “Don’t hide from me. Let me *feel* it.”

Her breath shuddered—and then it happened.

A slow, warm trickle spilled against his fingers.

Severus groaned.

“There it is,” he murmured, completely enthralled. “Ohh, yes.”

She let out a broken sob, mortified, but he didn’t stop. He pressed his fingers firmly against her, *feeling* the wet heat spread beneath his touch.

“You can’t stop now, darling,” he cooed, swirling slow, taunting circles against her. “You’re already soaking my hand.”

A quiet, desperate gasp escaped her as another wave rushed out, drenching his fingers completely. The slick sound of wetness meeting wetness filled the air as he continued to tease her, working her through it, his touch unrelenting.

“Ohh, listen to that,” he mocked, tilting his head. “Such a messy little thing, aren’t you?”

Her whole body shuddered, her thighs twitching as the last of her accident trickled out, leaving her utterly ruined in his lap.

Severus smirked, dragging his fingers up, spreading the wetness further, coating her in it.

“You never had a chance, did you?” he murmured, utterly delighted. “You *knew* you were going to lose control the second I touched you.”

She whined, her body still quivering, still shaken from the overwhelming intimacy of it.

His hand slid up, his soaked fingers pressing gently against her stomach. “No more shame, little one,” he cooed, his lips brushing her ear. “Not when I love it this much.”

Her breath hitched, her body tensing all over again.

Severus grinned.

“Ohh,” he mocked, his fingers sliding lower once more. “You’re already ready for more, aren’t you?”

And by the way she shuddered in his arms, he knew—

She *was*.

Severus knew Olivia was still trembling.

Even after she had lost control, after she had soaked his hand and ruined both of them, she was still squirming in his lap, her breath shaky, her fingers gripping onto his robes like she didn’t just come apart for him in the most helpless, beautiful way.

But he could feel her body betraying her.

“Ohh,” he murmured, pressing his lips against her ear, grinning at the way she shivered. “You think you’re done, don’t you?”

She whimpered softly, her face burning, her thighs twitching where they were still spread over his lap.

But he wasn’t letting her go.

Severus tut-tutted, letting his wet fingers drag up over her stomach, over her ribs, before slipping back down, teasing at her sensitive, soaked skin.

“You’re still shaking,” he observed, amused. “Still twitching. And yet…” He pressed against her again, slow, deliberate.

A needy gasp escaped her lips.

His smirk widened.

“Ohh, my poor little thing,” he mocked, his voice thick with affection and condescension. “Still so sensitive. You love this, don’t you?”

She whimpered, her thighs clenching.

“Don’t hide from me,” he warned, spreading her legs apart again, exposing her completely. “Not when I already know how much you love when I do this.”

He pressed deeper, rubbing slow, taunting circles, reveling in how slick and helpless she was beneath his touch.

She gasped, her body arching, another wet sound echoing between them as she twitched in his lap.

Severus groaned, tightening his grip on her hip. “Ohhhh, yes,” he breathed, utterly entranced. “That’s it, my love.”

Her whimpers turned desperate, pleading, her body writhing against him as he worked her up all over again.

“You’re already falling apart for me,” he murmured, his lips curling against her heated skin. “You like when I ruin you, don’t you?”

She let out a helpless whine, her hands fisting in his robes.

Severus chuckled, mocking her with a slow, indulgent stroke. “No use fighting it now, little one.”

He leaned in, his breath warm against her throat, his fingers pressing deeper, faster.

“You belong to me.”

And from the way she shuddered in his arms, he knew—

She loved every second of it.

Severus could feel Olivia coming undone.

Her trembling had worsened, her breath coming in short, shaky gasps as she squirmed helplessly in his lap. His fingers were still working her, slow and taunting, pressing into her soaked, sensitive skin. Every little movement made her shudder, made her whimper, made her fall further into his grasp.

And he wasn’t stopping.

“Ohhh,” he mocked, dragging his lips along her throat, his voice thick with satisfaction. “You’re shaking so much, darling. Are you that close already?”

She whined, her nails digging into his robes, her body arching as he pressed deeper, drawing another wet, obscene sound from between her legs.

Severus groaned.

“Yes, that’s it,” he murmured, his smirk widening against her heated skin. “You can’t fight it, can you?”

She shook her head frantically, another desperate whimper escaping her lips.

His grin deepened.

“Good,” he whispered, his fingers tightening against her hip, holding her firmly in place. “Then don’t.”

His pace quickened, teasing, relentless, his touch both cruel and indulgent. She twitched in his lap, her whole body tightening as a sharp, gasping cry broke from her lips.

She snapped.

A violent shudder wracked through her as she completely unraveled in his arms, her head tilting back against his shoulder as she sobbed through her release.

Severus groaned, his fingers still working her through the aftershocks, milking every last tremor from her shaking body.

“Ohh, yes,” he breathed, completely enthralled by the way she fell apart for him. “That’s it, darling. Just like that.”

She twitched against him, her legs trembling, her body still overwhelmed by the intensity of it all.

Severus smirked, pressing a slow, lingering kiss to her temple, his fingers finally slowing, soothing, as he held her close.

“You belong to me,” he murmured, his voice deep and possessive.

Her breath was still shaky, but as she melted into his embrace, he knew—

She loved being his.

