Making a Splash

Author: Weasel

*000*2019-11-28 05:05

Tim looked out at the ocean and watched the storm creeping in. The sun was going down behind him and the light was nearly what he was waiting for, since the other thing hadn’t panned out.

Tim was a photographer, looking to break into the business. So as he finished up school, he took his camera out and about often, practicing constantly. This evening he was down at the beach to shoot the ocean and the clouds in the “magic hour”. The stormclouds (still well offshore) were deep and dark but lit up brilliantly by the setting sun—a beautiful combination.

But as Tim walked around, looking for good angles and things to foreground against the clouds, he kept his eyes open for other kinds of beauty. He was shy, often cripplingly so, but just as he was practicing his photography, he was practicing approaching women. The beach was a perfect place. He’d go up, offer his card, offer to take some professional-level pics. He promised to delete them afterward, and would routinely do so in front of them. In this age of “doing it for the ’Gram,” he got a lot of people to say yes, and also got a lot of people to ask him not to delete, and send the picture to them instead. With the camera between them, he could be confident, relaxed, professional, complimentary, with only a hint of flirting. And he got a few numbers. He’d only gotten two dates so far, which had gone nowhere, but just that was a huge ego-lift.

He had rules, though. Rule Number One was “don’t be creepy.” He never pointed his camera at anyone until they said yes. He asked plenty of couples, and even elderly tourists, so that it was obvious to anyone watching he wasn’t just trolling for dates. He never approached women on their own unless there were a lot of people around. And he always took no for an answer.

So far today he hadn’t been able to talk to anyone, though. And Rule Number Two was always talk to at least one pretty girl. Whether he got her number or not, he needed the practice.

Tim focused on the stormclouds for a few minutes. When he looked up the beach again, he saw someone he hadn’t noticed before. Someone with lovely hair and a one-piece swimsuit that, even at this distance, looked a little tight.

He moved a little closer. She was alone, and the beach was getting quiet—too quiet for his usual rule. He hoped other people would come nearer so he could strike up a conversation with her without looking like a creep.

Before long he was sneaking more glances at her than he was taking pictures. She was sitting on the beach without a towel, legs stretched out in front of her, leaning back on her hands. It was a pose almost designed to make her breasts stand out, and it was working. He kept clicking the shutter—always aiming his lens at the ocean, never at her—and stepped a little closer still.

She was looking around, now. She’d definitely seen him. Looking around, looking around…

“Huh!” he said. She looked anxious about something. Was she waiting for a friend, who was taking too long? Was she worried about him? He didn’t think so, she wasn’t looking at him too closely. Was she worried about the storm? But she barely looked at the clouds, and the storm was still at least an hour away…

Then he saw it: the wriggle. The crossed legs.

“Hoo boy,” he said to himself.

Did he dare? Did he dare strike up a conversation with a hot girl bursting to pee? His deepest secret was that he was aroused, painfully so, by a girl desperate for a piss. Did he dare?

He had to. Rule Number Two demanded it.

He walked over—but not too close. He crouched down so he wouldn’t be looming in a threatening way. He held up his camera and was about to launch into his pitch—Hi! I’m a professional photographer out practicing, would you like a picture?—when he saw her face. She was obviously uncomfortable, but not because of him. Instead he lowered the camera and asked, “Are you okay?”

She looked at him blankly. She uncrossed her legs and recrossed them, tightly. She shook her head.

This tossed her hair about her shoulders. Such sexy shoulders. Her skin was somewhere between olive and bronze. Her hair was dark, but now he realized on closer inspection that it was a deep, deep red—and gorgeous, a bit of a curl to it, somehow both wet and light as a feather. The breeze caught it as she shook, and it landed gently on those shoulders, glistening wet, across the single strap of her swimsuit—it was off-the-shoulder on the other side. It was an odd swimsuit, faintly shimmery, and a slightly different color at every different angle.

And the suit was tight, tight. It looked as if it had been made for a somewhat younger, smaller girl; it looked stretched taut and straining over her breasts. Her breasts weren’t huge, but anything more than “flat as a pancake” would have looked like Christina Hendricks in that suit. He couldn’t just make out her nipples, but also the areolae around them. Her cleavage above the line of the suit was intense. There was a trident stitched onto the suit above her left breast, where the single strap swept up to her shoulder.

And down below… well, it looked tight down there, too. She recrossed her legs again.

He tore his eyes away from all this and looked her straight in the face. Rule Number One. “You’re not okay?” he asked, clarifying.

She shook her head again and shrugged.

That was confusing. He tried a different angle. “Do you need help?”

She cocked her head and stared at him. Puzzlement at his words fought with urgency and discomfort on her face.

“Do you speak English?”

Again a blank look.

Aha. He knew a little Spanish, a smattering of Japanese, and a few snippets of some major tourist languages. He riffed through what he had. Nothing.

Huh. Where was she from? Not from around here, anyway, and not from any of the big places. She definitely didn’t look Russian or Asian or Indian. But then, her ethnicity was extremely hard to place. If he looked at her one way he could almost see something—Native American?—and from another angle she looked quite different—Middle Eastern? And that red hair. Surely not Irish, not with that skin?

He was about to give up when he looked her in the face again. She wasn’t looking at him; she was looking down at the small bulge just above her crotch. Her legs were wriggling frantically, and she had a look of pure despair.

That did it. He had to help her. But how, if they couldn’t find a common language?

Aha! Pictures, the universal form of communication! He whipped out his smartphone and called up an image search of the standard sign for a ladies’ room. He showed it to her.

She still looked blank.

Several other pictures—a toilet; a Japanese-style toilet; a classic outhouse, complete with crescent moon—did nothing as well.

Definitely not from around here.

Finally he resorted to a crude pantomime: he held his fist clutched between his legs, acted desperate, and then flung open his fingers like something bursting open, making a fssssh! sound through his teeth as he did so.

Light dawned at last. She sat up, her blank confused look replaced by one of understanding and hope.

He pointed at her, did the gesture, made the fsssh sound again. She nodded, quite enthusiastically, and copied him.

How to explain "a place to pee" via pantomime? He thought for a moment. Then he drew a square in the sand, pointed to it, did the gesture over the box.

She cocked her head, almost understanding but not quite.

He tried again. This time he pointed at her with two fingers. Then he put those two fingers down in the box, spread them apart like legs, went fsssh, and used his other hand to show something coming out from between those “legs.”

Her face lit up again. She clapped her hands and laughed—from his physical comedy or from sheer relief, he couldn’t tell. But that laugh was gorgeous, like caroling bells.

She was looking at him eagerly. He stood up and scanned around. This part of the beach didn’t have a lot of traffic, but most of it was flowing in one direction: toward the parking lot. And there was a building in that direction, too, which he thought he remembered was a restroom. He hoped it was; all this pee talk… well, pee gesturing… was making him start to need to go, too. He pointed toward the building. She didn’t get it. Then he offered her his hand, which she took, and he helped her to her feet. Her hand was slightly cold, but so soft. He tried to let go but she hung on.

Well, in that case…

Holding hands with the most beautiful woman he’d seen in real life, and the most beautiful woman he’d ever seen so desperate, he led the way.

Halfway down the beach she had to stop and bend over, crushing her free hand between her legs. She looked about to cry as she slowly straightened up. The waves couldn’t be helping, he decided. They certainly weren’t helping him.

Wait—the waves. Why not? He pointed toward the ocean with a questioning look on his face. When she squinted at him in confusion, he pointed to the ocean and made their usual gesture/sound effect.

Her reaction was not what he was expecting. She shook her head violently, and, oddly, stepped slightly closer to him. Was she afraid to go in the water? Afraid of the storm? He didn’t understand. Instead she pointed back the way they’d been going, and hissed fsssh! fsssh! between her teeth urgently. He shrugged and led on. She clamped her free hand between her legs again and followed.

The hand between the legs, the faint full-body shivers he was feeling through her hand—all of this was going straight to his groin. He was stiffening fast. He hoped his shirt covered it.

They reached the building at last. It was a snack stand, mostly—but there were also restrooms, clearly. On the other hand, there was also a huge line for the women’s room, and even a line for the men’s. He sighed inwardly and reluctantly stepped toward the men’s line. She held him back, still not letting go of her death-grip on his hand or on her crotch. She looked—scared, shooting anxious glances at the people all around her. She dragged him back to her side.

He pointed to her, then to the women’s room; to himself, and to the men’s. She seemed to understand, but didn’t look happy about it. She finally let go and started to walk toward the women’s room door—clearly about to cut in the (quite long) line.

Holy shit, she had no idea. He quickly grabbed her hand and pulled her back. She looked baffled—and angry, and really really desperate. He guided her a little further away and turned their bodies so most people couldn’t see him gesturing. For added camouflage he spoke while he gestured, knowing she wouldn’t understand the words. “No, you have to get in the line.” His finger went to the back of the line, then along it, and finally to the door.

Her eyes got wide—and nervous. She nodded, clearly comprehending, but also clearly not happy about it at all. She wouldn’t let go of his hand again. She clearly refused to stand in line without him.

By now they had attracted quite a lot of attention. Her shimmering suit caught the eye well enough. Her obviously-bursting body language held it. At least half the men and boys in the bathroom line opposite had turned to look at her. Several girls in the line ahead were eyeing them, too, including one with a pretty gay haircut. And since his companion was clearly holding him prisoner as she waited in line, he got a lot of attention as well.

“What the hell, man?” a girl asked him.

Tim took refuge in audacity. “What did you say?” he asked—in Japanese.

“I said, what the hell are you doing in the women’s line?”

He shook his head. The heckler pointed to the men’s room line. “You belong over there! You gotta have tits to be in this line!”

He held up his companion’s hand, which was obviously white-knuckled, and shrugged helplessly.

The heckling girl scowled and looked away. But her anger had frightened Tim’s new friend, who buried her face in his shoulder. Since she was now writhing frantically, her other hand still mashed between her legs, he felt intensely uncomfortable, intensely aroused, and intensely protective, all at once.

“What’s wrong with her?” said the young girl behind them in line, poking Tim’s friend—who was obviously more afraid of the people than embarrassed to be seen squirming so much.

The poking combined with the desperation was apparently a breaking point. Tim was suddenly dragged out of line by his redhead, hurrying away from the restroom and the staring eyes. She shot a look over her shoulder, then looked at him, practically on the edge of tears, and said, “Fsssh! Fssssh! Fssssssssh!”

“We’re gonna need more words than that eventually,” Tim said, looking around wildly.

There were beach showers on the far side of the restroom/snack stand building. He led her toward those, but when she saw the showers running, she jerked away. Running water was a bit too much. He cast his eyes around. Nothing. Nothing. They had to keep moving. He hurried her along past the showers, further along the beach. At least there were fewer people. But she was whimpering now. They didn’t have long.

He stopped and looked at her. Realization struck. It was a swimsuit, for crying out loud. She could just pee through it. He dropped her hand and pantomimed peeing right here.

She shook her head, tugging at the edge of her suit. Obviously she didn’t want to do that.

“Soon you may not have much choice,” he muttered. He pantomimed taking the suit off. She responded instantly, covering her breasts as if they were already bare, and then pointing to the passing people. “Fair enough,” he admitted.

For a moment, however, he had to attend to his own situation. He definitely needed to pee now, too—but more awkwardly, he was hard. And it was really uncomfortable running around that way. He adjusted his shorts; this didn’t help.

She giggled. A helpless little giggle, but clearly amused.

“What?” he said, not thinking.

She reached out and to his utter astonishment grabbed his hard-on. Then she let go (always with one hand wedged between her legs) and gestured at her body.

He shook his head and made the peeing gesture/sound, from his own crotch.

She looked at him—the most knowing look he’d seen on her face, and the most easily understandable. It said, Oh really?

Hanged for the wool, hanged for the sheep, he thought. He let that sheepishness show on his face, then nodded and gestured to her body—and then pointed at her crotch added, “Fssssh!”

Her eyes widened. This was clearly something that she had not considered before. Then she grimaced, eyes squeezing shut. She obviously had just a few moments left.

Then he saw it: a line of driftwood. It was the best they were going to get. He grabbed her hand and ran down the beach. He clambered up on a big driftwood log and searched for a spot. There! A little sandy patch between branches.

She saw it too. She dropped down into the little hidden spot. She was sliding her strap over her shoulder (in an incredibly sexy half-shrug move) even as she did. Her breasts came free—and that made him all the harder, for clearly the suit had only helped a little. Dear god were they perky. She pulled the suit down to her belly—and then rammed her hand into her crotch again, this time under the suit. But without both hands, she couldn’t get the fabric over her hips. She looked at him, helplessly.

He jumped down into the hollow beside her and pulled the suit free.

Just as soon as the fabric came off her crotch, she started peeing. She let out a panicked squeal, even though it only sprayed the crotch of her suit, and squeezed it off. She was panting with exertion now. With Tim’s help she got the suit down to her ankles and then off of one of them. She spread her legs and peed.

And peed.

And peed.

She must have been holding it for hours. Maybe a day, at this rate. It was dark yellow and smelled strongly. She seemed extremely shy of it touching her feet, as she did a little hop-step to avoid the puddle.

With every passing second that she peed, Tim grew harder still. His erection was unbearable under his shorts and he had to fumble with it. But there was no angle that worked—every way hurt. He didn’t notice that she was finished peeing. Not until her hand suddenly joined his.

She pulled at the elastic waistband of his shorts with strong hands. A moment later she was stroking his cock in her so-soft hand, pressing her breasts against him. A moment after that, he came, furiously. She gave a little shriek—of fear? Of delight?—and aimed his fountaining cock away from her.

He leaned back against the log, panting. He softened quickly. And then his own pee started to flow. She hadn’t taken her hand away. She shrieked again—pure delight this time—and waved it around like a tiny fire hose.

As the waves of relief passed, he had just two thoughts:

What just happened

How can we do it again

She laid her head against her shoulder and cuddled up to him, still stark naked.

He couldn’t ask for her number—not when she couldn’t speak English and he couldn’t speak… well, whatever it was she spoke. If anything: he hadn’t heard her utter a single word, just noises. He couldn’t ask for anything.

Well—maybe one thing. He held up the camera. She looked at it, obviously intrigued but uncomprehending.

Rule Number One: don’t be creepy. Even to mute redheads who just jacked you off in public. He pointed the camera out toward the stormclouds and snapped the shutter. Then he showed her the picture on the screen. She understood. Her eyes lit up with wonder. Had she really never seen a camera before? At this point he wasn’t going to put anything past her.

He was just about to point at her, when instead she eagerly pointed at herself. Photographer instincts kicked in, so even though his junk was still flapping in the breeze and she was still bare-naked, he quickly lined up the shot. He focused on her face. The wind off the water blew her magnificent red hair free. It was a beautiful face, and the light was perfect. He barely had to adjust her angle.

When he showed her the picture, she downright squealed. She mimed taking a picture and pointed to herself. He draped the strap around her bare neck and pointed out to sea. Her picture was a bit odd, certainly a beginner’s shot, but she was ecstatic with it.

But now Tim saw that the storm was nearly on them at last. He had to go home. A few quick gestures and she understood. She pointed to herself again, for another picture—and gestured to her whole body.

He looked around. Almost everyone was gone now. He nodded eagerly, not believing his luck. He modeled how he wanted her to stand—she mirrored him quickly—and he posed her on the log, posed strong, hands on her hips and every curve highlighted, hair still blowing in the wind.

When he’d taken a second, better shot, the light died, and he felt the first raindrop splatter on his face. He quickly put the camera back in its bag.

She looked down, then up—clearly reluctant to have him go. Sadness seemed to be easily communicable. She leaned forward and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek.

Then she scooped up her swimsuit, but she didn’t put it on. Instead she vaulted over the log and ran—ran straight for the water, ran naked straight into the storm. He shouted, suddenly terrified. Right at the line of the waves she leaped, and landed in the water with a splash. For a second he glimpsed her, swimming like a fish. And then he could see her no more.

Three days later he couldn’t help himself. He had to go back to the little spot in the logs. He’d brought the pictures he’d made of her. Why? Masturbatory material, maybe? He didn’t really know.

There, waiting for him, was a perfect clam shell, entirely undamaged—even still hinged. He opened it, carefully.

Etched on the inside was a heart.

*006*2019-12-07 14:57

Thanks, all! This just came to me one morning.

{{On 11/30/2019 at 1:49 PM, warham1995 said:

By the way when are you going to finish the first part of zephyrs story?

}}

Haven't forgotten it, but real life got in the way. Also I may have peaked too soon as I can't top the last entry yet.

*011*2020-01-04 18:36

Thanks again! I did think of a possible sequel... but it would be in a very different style.

*016*2021-04-09 06:00

{{On 4/3/2021 at 11:01 PM, fortardball87 said:

I would definitely love to see this (if and when you have time obviously!)

}}

Thank you! And I hate to disappoint a fan, but I think the sequel won't happen. I've really invested in drafting several other stories, and even if I wrapped those up (a long time from now, at this rate), the sequel would have been in such a different style...

