Clothes Shopping [OC] [Fiction]

Author: WinterAzalea

*000*2022-03-19 04:00

This is honestly a great way to spend my day, I thought. If only I didn’t need to pee so badly. Tapping my foot on the floor to distract myself from my aching bladder, I waited for my girlfriend to turn around. She was currently pulling a short, tight black dress over her head. Only 10 more items for her to try on. I'm starting to regret that I did this to myself, I thought. For our date tonight, I had chosen to take her to the mall, pick a few outfits for her to try on, and buy my favorite for her to wear out to dinner tonight. It was a great afternoon until I needed to pee, tried to stop at the mall restrooms, and found out that they were closed. I was going to have to hold it until our shopping trip was over.

“So, what do you think, mommy?” She spun around, showing off the dress.

“I love it. You look gorgeous like always. But go ahead and change into the next one.” I hurried her, barely looking at the dress. I could tell that she looked amazing in it, and any other time I’d be having a hard time not staring at her ass in a dress like the one she was currently trying on. But this time, I couldn’t focus on much else other than my need to pee.

She pulled the dress back over her head, carefully hanging it back on its hanger, and then hanging it onto a hook with the other clothes she had tried on. When she turned to grab the next dress, she accidentally bumped into me. The sudden touch jostled me, and I let a few drops of pee out, gasping as I did so. My girlfriend turned to look at me.

“Are you okay?” she asked, concern in her voice.

“I know you might not be ready for it. But-” I whispered, then paused, glancing down towards my lap. Her eyes followed mine, and she immediately noticed that my skirt was pulled up, exposing my blue thong underneath. I was pressing my hand up against my pussy, clearly trying to keep from peeing myself.

Silently, she hurriedly knelt on the floor in front of me in between my legs, knowing exactly what I needed her to do. She grabbed my hand and pulled it away from my pussy. When she did that, I rushed to pull my panties out of the way with my other hand. Within a couple of seconds, she was spreading apart my labia and pressing her open mouth up to my urethral opening. Almost instantly, my piss was flooding her mouth.

She gulped it down as hurriedly as she could. I tried to control my flow, allowing her to have a chance to swallow. Despite that, my piss was still overflowing her mouth and dripping down her face. I sighed in relief after filling her mouth multiple times. The torrent slowed down to a stream, and then it slowed down to a stop. She took one final gulp, glanced up at me, and then began lapping hungrily at my clit. Biting down on my lip, I closed my eyes and relaxed, enjoying how eager she was. It only took a couple of minutes for me to cum all over her tongue. After I came, I grabbed her long hair, pulling her backwards and away from me. Then I let go of her hair, and she opened her eyes, looking up at me.

Leaning down so that I could reach her, I kissed her lightly on the lips. “Thank you for serving me. Now, get back to trying these dresses on. I have other plans for you this evening, and I’m going to need you to be properly dressed...”

