I Had That Dream Again Where I Wet My Pants

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2016-09-13 01:23

This story is omo themed but also sexual. Consider yourself warned. :)

I had that dream again where I wet my pants.

Sometimes after I have that dream I wake up soaking wet; but not today. Today I wake up busting for the toilet but still dry. Desperate to pee; and desperately aroused.

I should really get out of bed and run to the bathroom. I'd make it. Probably. Sometimes I don't. Sometimes I have to change my panties. Sometimes my pajamas. Sometimes I have to mop the floor.

I roll over and put my arm around him. I press myself against his hip. It helps a little. He is still asleep. I wonder what he's dreaming about?

His bladder is full as well. I can feel its firmness to my touch. His lower belly hard and taut. If I press against it would he wet the bed?

His penis is hard as well. He must be having a nice dream. Perhaps we are having sex? I want him badly. More badly than I want a wee.

I shuffle down the bed. My bladder objects but I ignore it. I free his cock from his boxers through the flies and take it in my mouth. It tastes of him.

I can tell he has woken up but he lets me suck and lick at him. I can feel him swelling. On another day I'd be happy for him to cum in my mouth but today I need attention myself. I put him back away and slide back up the bed.

"I had that dream again where I wet my pants." I breathe at him.

"Did you have an accident?" He asks and runs his hand over my side of the bed to check.

"Not yet." I say as I kiss him. Deeply. I'm hungry.

He understands. Neither of us are going to make it to the toilet this morning. Neither of us were so great at that even before we met.

His hand rests on my bladder. If he presses me I'll leak. I might flood. But he doesn't. His hand moves into my pajamas. My panties. He rubs me slowly. I'm so wet.

He is writhing beside me. He must be desperate. I'm so wet I can hear his fingers on me.

I grab his penis through his boxers. My hand is wet.

"I'm leaking." He admits to me. I kiss him.

He doesn't have long. I hook my thumbs through the waistband of my bottoms and pull them off quickly. He has his wet boxers off without my help. I'm on top of him. I guide his damp cock inside of me with my hand. The change in position has my bladder screaming at me.

I lift myself up and down. Not quickly. Neither of us need that. I'm moaning without intending to. I don't care.

He doesn't last more than a couple of minutes. He makes a face, a noise. I can feel him spasming. Cumming inside me. He grabs my hips and pulls me hard against him so he's as deeply in me as he can be.

He is panting. Recovering beneath me. I roll my weight forward. Off his hips and onto his bladder. He is surprised.

I feel it straight away. A flood pouring out as he pisses himself inside me. I'm so aroused. I let him finish before I roll off. His fingers are on me the moment I'm on my back.

His leg is across mine to keep it from shaking. His fingers run circles around my clit. I'm getting close. But I need to pee so unbelievably badly it's getting in the way.

I push his shoulders down the bed. He understands. I gasp the moment he tongue touches me.

I'm peeing. I'm cumming. I can't tell in which order. It doesn't matter.

When the world stops spinning I'm in his arms. My pulse is racing. My bladder is empty.

We kiss.

*004*2016-09-24 14:13

Oh thanks guys!

{{On 9/13/2016 at 4:15 PM, Ranpalan said:

Beautiful in the simplicity.

}}

I've noticed I'm in a bit of a concise mood lately with my writing. :)

*006*2016-09-26 13:21

{{On 9/25/2016 at 6:40 AM, gobphus said:

"A consummation devoutly to be wished"

}}

Hamlet is "most retrograde to my desires" ;)

*010*2016-10-25 00:35

{{On 10/22/2016 at 3:43 PM, strokeknight2 said:

That was so hot! I can picture it happening as I read it, and imagine that it's me there with with a desperate girl next to me. You write such amazing stories!

}}

Thank you :) It was something very different for me to write. I'm glad it is liked.

