Pokemon: The Island of Legend

Author: wheatley

*000*2016-03-27 06:04

I've been staying off the story buisness for a while, with a lot of important (and not so important) work in my way, and it's time I got back on track. Over the weeks I've thought of a good idea of a multi-chapter story thing that I've held back or quite a while now, so here you go.

###

Chapter 1: Buizel on the Bus​

*Emolga's POV*

It was a nice and lovely morning in the world of pokemon. Birds are singing, flowers are blooming, and the lake near town is crystal clear. It's the perfect place for me and my best bud to relax and catch up on each other's lives.

Me: Ah, you were right, Snivy. This really is a nice spot to relax.

Snivy: Well, I've been here for a while, and this IS a popular spot in the town. I decided we could stay here for a bit.

Snivy and I had a chat for a bit to explain to each other what interesting things went on while we lost contact with each other. After a few minutes of chatting, a man wearing a blue cap came up to the spot we were at and kneeled down to reach our height.

Man: Oh hey, I recognize you guys. Do you know a kid with a green hoodie who lives in the town nearby?

Snivy: Yeah we know him.

Snivy nodded so that he would understand.

Man: Oh good. If you see him, could you give him this? It's pretty important. Thanks.

He gave us an envelope smelling like chemicals. The words were oddly smudged and hard to read, so we didn't know who it was from. Nevertheless, we deided to take it back with us. We got up, and headed back to town. It was a very simple town, but we got all the necessary requirements: a pokemon center, shop, Oak's lab, and a couple of houses. We went over to the one across from the lab and went inside.

Me: We're back! Hey Zapp, you here?

Zapp: Hi guys, welcome back.

We went around the couch to greet Zapp, my new trainer. I hopped up on the couch to find that green hoodied Pikachu relaxing on the couch in a regular Pikachu position.

Me: You have an envelope.

Zapp: Oh, well let's see.

Zapp sat up and took the envelope, opening it to read it. It was a very special invitation, despite having that chemical scent.

Zapp: Hmm, "You have been chosen by Professor Oak to be the new volunteer for an expedition on Pokémon Island, home to pokemon natives and the presence of legendary pokemon. Meet us at Surfside Coast when you're ready. Sincerely, the P.E.R.S."

Snivy: What's the P.E.R.S.?

Zorua: The Pokémon Expedition Research Society.

Snivy jumped when he heard that from the sneaky fox pokemon, who was standing there just from then. Zorua tends to do that a lot.

Zorua: It's a corporation of scientists that do research on the pokemon world and it's inhabitants. They choose who the professionals deem worthy, and apparently they trust the professor.

Zapp: Sounds like a good invite. Well, let's get going. I'll get everyone together and we can get going.

*Zapp's POV* *At the bus stop*

The bus to Surfside Coast came by shortly after we arrived. I had Quilava and Zorua in their pokeballs, and kept Buizel, Snivy, and Emolga with me since I didn't have pokeballs for them. I was also in my human form so I could keep from adding suspicion.

My regular body was kind of average to everyone else. I was a thin boy with slightly pale skin and black hair with the front combed to look like the tuft on a male shinx. I also wore m parka, my rubber gloves, and I had blue jeans and red sneakers. It's just natural.

We hopped up onto the bus and took our seats. The passenger seats were oddly positioned identically to those on a subway train, so naturally we sat together up front. Snivy hopped up to my left and collapsed, settling his head onto my leg.

Snivy: Whew! Oh man, i'm exhausted!

Although the walk was short, Snivy got attacked a lot by the wild pokemon. They didn't do any real damage, but it took a lot out of him.

Emolga: You're not going to fall asleep again, are you?

Snivy: No, of course not.... I'm just... resting my...

​

Snivy fell asleep before he could finish his sentence. I don't really blame him.

The bus started moving and we just waited for the arrival to the coast.

*Buizel's POV*

When the bus started moving, I crossed my legs in response to a slightly painful twitch in my bladder. I drank about three bottles of water this morning and I forgot to use the bathroom before we left.

Zapp: Hey, you alright Buizel?

Me: Y- yeah, um, it's just that I need to pee. Kind of badly.

Zapp: I thought you went before we left.

Me: I- I forgot, alright? Listen, just give me some time at the next stop, and we'll be back on our way.

Emolga took a map out of Zapp's pocket revealing the stops around the region, and greeted us with some bad news.

Emolga: Bad news guys. Looks like it's going to be a straight trip to Surfside Coast. There won't be any stops the entire way.

Me: Great, so i'm going to be going to the coast with a huge wet spot on my crotch.

Zapp: Hey, you're a strong pokemon. I'm sure you can make it.

Me: Look, it's a three hour drive with no intermission. Even if there was, I won't be able to make it without leaking.

Zapp: Listen, if you can't make it through this trip, i'll give you 500 bucks. If you DO make it, i'll give you 1500 bucks.

Me: *sigh* Alright. *mumbles*

I already knew this was going to be a bad idea. I felt another slightly more painful twitch in my bladder signaling to me that this was a bad idea. I just responded by saying the phrase 'I know' in my head.

*Zapp's POV*

Half an hour through the trip and Buizel was starting to get impatient. I could tell his bladder was being unforgiving to his body, considering I knew how much he drank. After a few minutes he started tapping his foot on the seat.

Snivy shook a bit from the sound of the tapping, but went back to his regular position. I put my hand on his head, gently rubbing my thumb on his skin, which was smooth and warm. The silence was a little irritating, so I decided to break the ice.

Me: Hey Emolga, I just thought, what were you doing in that cave where I met you?

Emolga: Oh, uh, I decided that would be a good spot to camp out for the day. I never expected the load of geodude inside. hehe.

Me: Yeah, that was not fun. Also, what was with your little uh, problem back behind that rock?

The moment I said that, Emolga got extremely startled and her face got extremely red out of embarrassment.

Emolga: Uh, well, you see- uh, I'd prefer not to talk about it while Buizel is having his little moment.

Buizel still wasn't holding out too well. I saw him bend over from his desperation after I mentioned that. I completely forgot I told him that behind Emolga's back. Don't tell her I broke our promise.

An hour and a half into the trip and Buizel was having a hard time hiding his desperation. He occasionally had to put a hand in between his legs to keep some of the pressure off his straining bladder. Alright, I know I can't tell that myself, but Pikachu have a hard time holding their urine. I know because I am one!

Me: You alright buddy?

Buizel: Do I look alright?

Emolga: Well besides your urgent need from what you forgot to do this morning, you seem fine.

Buizel: Oh gee, thanks.

I decided maybe getting some fresh air would ease things a bit. I opened the window slightly to let some air in, but all it id was make things a little chilly and make Buizel's need slightly worse. I shut it a few seconds later to avoid making things worse for him.

Two hours and 55 minutes in the trip and things weren't looking too good for Buizel. He had both his hands against his crotch pushing extremely hard and his tails were wrapped around each other. I knew he wouldn't make it too far, but luckily we were almost at the stop, which was a little bit out of town.

I decided I would see how things were going with him, so I pulled a glowing rock out of my pocket and put it into my pokestone. It's pretty easy to use. Just thrust back to open it up, put the stone in, close it, and push the button. The one I used let me see what was going on with Buizel's bladder. I could see it was extremely full and needed to be emptied.

The bus went over a bum in the road nearing the stop, causing Buizel to leak a couple of drops into his hands and onto the seat.

Buizel: N- no, I can't... I can't give up!

Another few drops escaped his crotch as he prayed to Arceus for mercy. The bus stopped completely and the door opened for our stop.

Buizel: OH THANK DEAR MERCY!

Buizel dashed out the door, most likely to a spot for empty his bladder. Snivy was still asleep, and Emolga fell asleep after the two hours passed.

Me: Rise and shine you two. We're here.

Snivy: *Yawn* oh man, my head.

Emolga: Are we... are we there yet?

Me: We're here. now you two go on ahead while I go find Buizel.

Emolga and Snivy got up and headed out to town while I got up from my seat heading off to find Buizel. I hopped off the bus and looked around. Buizel was standing not so far from the road, with a position of extreme pain.

I went over to see what was going on with Buizel. He was crying out of extreme pain, and still holding his crotch hard.

Me: Um, Buizel?

Buizel: Z- Zapp... I... I can't do it...

I saw a spurt of urine escape his crotch and dribble down his legs. I knew exactly what was happening, and I needed to help him out.

Me: Alright, um, here. I'll carry you.

Buizel: B- but what if I...

Me: It's alright, buddy. I don't mind. Now come on.

I picked Buizel up, taking up a lot of my strength. He was surprisingly heavy, at 65 pounds. I carried him over to a bush, feeling a warm liquid fall on my arm, running down to my glove.

Buizel: S- sorry, I think I-

Me: It's alright. I'm more worried about you.

Once I made it over to the bush, I set him down as gently as I could with 65 pounds in my arms.

Buizel: Thanks...

Me: No problem buddy.

Once I set him down, he freed his crotch and let his poor, aching bladder do what had to be done. I saw the hard stream spray out of his crotch and onto the ground, while Buizel would sigh in relief after three hours of holding it all in. After a good two minutes, it finally finished.

Buizel: Oh man, now I know how Snivy feels.

Me: Well, let's go meet with the others. Oh, and here's what I promised.

I gave Buizel the 1500 I promised him and we went to meet up with Emolga and Snivy.

Little did we know, things were going to take a turn for the worse.

END OF CHAPTER

