Reimi's Accident

Author: Wetting Girl

*000*2010-08-25 14:51

- Reimi's Accident -

Hi, I'm new, this is a mostly a true story that happened to me last year.

I am a 17 year old girl so I would've been 16 at the time. I have long soft brown hair, I've got bigger breasts (I'm very self concious about them), I'm about 5' 5", I've got a slightly bigger bum that people like to tease me jiggles around easily from the littlest movements (I guess it kinda does), and my parents are both Korean so I look Asian, but I'm American.

I changed the names and added more detail and stuff to make it more of a story. Sorry if this should've gone into a different section because of this.....anyway here goes,

Reimi lay in bed early one Saturday morning, around 7:15, still sleeping wrestlesly. She rolled over on her side and subconciously put her right hand between her legs. She was dreaming of her boyfriend who she had just gone out with last night. He was the sweetest man she had ever known.

No one had ever been so nice to her before. Suddenly her thoughts started to come to reality as she noticed her hand was a little wet. She quickly tightened her legs together and pressed her hand firmly against her crotch.

She was wearing a bright green tank top and pink panties. Her panties felt very moist so she quickly threw off her covers and looked to make sure it was what she thought it was. Sure enough, she had dribbled a little bit in her panties, but it was only enough to leave a small wet spot.

Realising that she still desperately needed to pee, she quickly got up, opened her door a crack and looked down the hall towards the bathroom door. To her dismay it was shut and she heard her mom happily humming away in the shower. Her mom always took long showers.

She knew that it would be a long time before she'd get in, plus she was too embaressed to ask and was still really tired and would rather sleep. So she went back to bed hoping to sleep until her mom was out so she wouldn't be awake to try and hold it.

She lay there, squirming under her sheets, shoving her right hand inside her panties and pressing firmly agaisnt her now very swollen and very moist crotch, jiggling her bottom around and doing anything she could to hold on. It was getting bad fast.

She was tired which made it harder to hold as she usually doesn't have to in the morning. After about 10 minutes she slowly drifted back to sleep. Her body still stay tense, but her hand slowly came out of her panties and she rolled on to her left side sleeping comfortabley.

An hour and a half went by and suddenly she woke with a start. She groggily looked over at her alarm clock. It was 8:45. She started to roll back over, but with that movement she noticed one thing. She had to pee. Now. She wanted to get up and run to the bathroom, but she didn't know if she could stand up without wetting the bed.

She hadn't peed herself since she was 6 and she certainly didn't wanna start now.

"God, please don't let me pee the bed." she quietly whispered to herself as she slowly sat up and dropped her legs over the side of the bed. A surge of desperation ran over her and she quickly shove both her hands between her legs in a desperate effort to hold back what felt like the most massive amount of pee she ever had.

She could hear voices from out in the hall. Who was here? She slowly waddled over to the door, ramming her right hand so hard against her lips that her fingers were slipping insde a bit and getting wet through her panties, and opened the door a crack. She heard the voices of her mom and......her friend Kaitlin! What was she doing here!?!? Oh no. She remembered. They were supposed to go shopping together today.

She couldn't go out there in her pink panties and just a shirt on...but she couldn't change without peeing herself compeltely either! She'd have to either try and change or run to the bathroom quickly.....she decided to try and change. She quickly threw her top off and went over to her dresser.

The movement over to her dresser almost made her lose it. She slowly started to slip into a pair of short red shorts, but suddenly she felt another wave of desperation run over her and she shot a slightly long spurt out, which dribbled down her leg. "Crap! No no no no!!! This can't be happening!" she breathed.

Just then her mom knocked on the door. No! Not now! She franticlly thought to herself. "Honey, are you up?" her mom asked as she started to open the door. "Um, mom, don't come in yet!" Reimi quickly blurted out, but it was too late her mom stepped in and saw her pulling her shorts on with a trickle of pee running down the inside of her left leg.

Whether it was the distraction of her mom coming in or the fact that she was just too exausted to hold on anymore she didn't know, but a huge surge of desperation hit her and her sore little lips just couldn't hold it anymore pee start to pour from her panties turning them completely dark soaking them, running down her legs and through the panties down into the shorts that were halfway pulled up her legs, all over her hands and all over the floor. (she was standing in a half squat)

"Mmmhhmmmm.....I'm sorry, Mom!!" she started to cry. Her mom just stood there not knowing what to do as her daughter sat there half naked peeing all over herself at the age of 16 in her own room. Reimi's back was facing her and she saw her panties riding up her bum's crack from all the previous wriggling.

"U-uhm...i-it's alright, Reimi." her mom said as she walked over to comfort the girl. The pee kept running down her legs and splattering messily all over the place. It even got on her mom as she came over and hugged her. "Please don't tell Kaitlin, Mom!" whimpered Reimi as the last few drops of pee dripped from her panties.

"Don't worry, deer, I'll just tell her you aren't feeling well this morning." said her mom as she kissed her on the forehead and left the room. Reimi got clean clothes and went into the bathroom to shower. This was an extremely embaressing morning, but strangely it had felt really good. She then turned on the water and got into the shower to clean herself up.

The End.

Sorry if it was kinda too detailed, but since it happened to me, details are pretty clear in my mind from the incident, and I love omorashi a lot too.

I know that might seem really weird since I'm a girl and I'm straight, but I just love the feeling and love reading about other girls who've gone through the same thing.

Hope you guys liked my story! ^^ Oh and again sorry if this is in the wrong spot!

Love!

*003*2010-08-25 20:25

Thanks, guys! ^^

Glad you liked my story. It feels good being here 'cause everyone seems so nice and no one thinks you're a weirdo or anything! ^^

I've actually been coming here for about 2 weeks now before deciding to join, I had been reading peoples' stories and stuff and decided I'd sahre some of mine too. ;P

*007*2010-08-25 22:58

Thanks a million for the sympathy, guys, it really sucked at the time....but it's one of those things that you really hated at teh time but like you really are glad it happned now...y'know? For me I still probably blush while remembering it, but I like thinking of it now. And no, I didn't add anything to it, I really was stupid enough to some how fall back to sleep and I really peed myself infront of my mom (ew! and embaressing!) and what made it all really stink was that I couldn't hang out with my friends and go shopping with my best friend 'cause I was "sick".

I guess it probably would have been better to write a true story like a memory, but I figured it'd be more enjoyable written out as a story. It probably would've saved the confusion though. Sorry! ^^"

What I meant by turning it into a story was that I wouldn't have told you about my experience with quite so much....well y'know story telling feel to it.

Thanks again for the compliments though everyone! ^^

*011*2010-08-27 06:20

Thanks! Do you guys think I should put up some of my other experiences? And if so should I write them like this one or tell them normally? What would your guys prefer? Also I have one involving my friend who pooped her pants....is that allowed? Oh and sorry if this post turns out weird Im posting it with my phone ^^ love you guys! ^.^

*014*2010-08-28 03:22

Okay, thanks for letting me know, guys!

I'll probably hold off on the story about my friend, but if I do post it I'll probably have a warning at the top just so I don't upset anyone. ^^

And writing them from experience will also be a lot easier than turning them into stories.

*016*2010-08-28 04:34

{{: 

Pfft, you shouldn't apologize for the details because most people miss that and I'm sure I'm not the only one who enjoys the details. Thanks for the story. ^^

}}

Thanks! And you're welcome! ^^

I love sharing stories of when I've peed myself...I think it turns me on a bit to know that I'm turning someone else on. ;P

*020*2010-08-29 03:47

It kinda stinks when it actually happens to you though...even if you do like wetting...

