Jenny and Annie visit their parents

Author: Wet19

*000*2017-04-27 00:15

Jenny and Annie had been planning a weekend to go visit their parents. They planned to leave Friday afternoon after school and arrive at their parents' house in the late evening. They would spend all day Saturday visiting and then drive home again Sunday afternoon. The drive was just under five hours each way. They took Annie's car because it is much nicer than Jenny's.

They arrived at their parents' house a little after 6pm, just in time for dinner. They were greeted at the door with warm hugs, sloppy kisses, tantalizing smells from the kitchen, and the wagging tail of an old but excited black lab. After exchanges of greetings and quick small talk, the girls were finally free to lug their suitcases to their rooms. Their mother started dinner late as she expected them to arrive closer to 7, so there was roughly 20 minutes to spare before they had to take their seats at the dinner table. Jenny stepped into her room and looked around. It was the room she grew up in, only now void of all of her belongings, which were located in her room at the apartment she shared with her sister.

In front of her was a window, cut into slivers by blinds that were twisted half shut. Below that was a wooden desk. It was worn in the center from years of use and one of the drawers was broken. It sat crooked in it's cavity. She moved to the closet to set her suitcase down inside. It seemed much larger than she remembered, though it was simply because now it was empty and not packed with clothes and toys. She turned to the bed. Her mother had already went to the trouble of making it for her. Jenny pulled back the covers to reveal sky blue sheets underneath. She ran her hand over them to feel the texture and then realized that her mother had placed a waterproof mattress protector underneath. Jenny's face flushed red and burned as she had two embarrassing flashbacks.

When Jenny was 14, she decided to experiment one night. She went to bed without using the toilet first, and when she awoke in the night with the need to pee, she simply relaxed and peed the bed. The excitement and pleasure kept her awake for a couple more hours and she decided that she loved it. For fear of being caught, however, she waited 6 months before doing it again. After that she waited only 3 months. Then only 1. That was when she got caught. Her mother came into her room unannounced while she was removing her sheets to take to the wash. Between the large wet spot on the mattress and the smell, there was no hiding it. Jenny wanted to crawl under her bed and disappear. Her mom assumed it was an accident and calmly helped Jenny clean up, teaching her how to remove urine from furniture in the process. That day, she purchased a waterproof mattress protector for Jenny "just in case".

By the time Jenny was 15, she had gotten into the habit of wetting the bed on purpose about once per week. As she neared 16, she became more daring and began wetting the bed nearly ever night. Busted again. Her mom noticed how frequently she was washing her sheets and the mattress protector and confronted Jenny. At first Jenny went along with the accidents excuse that her mother conveniently proposed for her. But then, her mom said that she was going to make a doctor appointment for Jenny to see if there are any treatments for nighttime incontinence.

Even before her mother picked up the phone Jenny was humiliated. She pleaded with her mom, but her mother insisted. Jenny finally came clean as her mother typed digits into the phone. In tears, she confessed that she was wetting the bed on purpose and that she enjoyed it. Her mother paused in disbelief. She had dialed 5 digits and her finger was positioned to peck the 6th. She stared at Jenny for a long time. Jenny sat sideways in a kitchen with her head hung in embarrassment and tears rolling down her face.

She dared not look at her mother. With each second of silence her anxiety grew. The butterflies in her stomach seemed to turn into hot snakes slithering around inside of her and her neck began to hurt from the weight of her sagging head and drooping shoulders. Finally her mother broke the silence. Her arms relaxed to her sides, her left hand still grasping the phone, she said softly "Is that the truth?" A lump in Jenny's throat prevented her from speaking and she simply nodded her head.

Her mother looked past her and out the window, then back at Jenny. Still in disbelief she confirmed again "You...do it on purpose?" Jenny again nodded. Her mother set down the phone and left the room. Jenny went to her room and shut the door. An hour later her mother came in and made a deal with Jenny. Jenny could wet the bed as she pleases under three conditions: 1. She always cleans up after herself and doesn't ruin the mattress. 2. She does all of her own laundry from then on. 3. She doesn't let it become excessive.

Jenny forced a smile and pushed the memories out of her head. She closed and locked the door to her room, then pulled the covers all the way down. She then unbuttoned and unzipped her pants and pulled them down. She had on a pair of dark red silky bikini style panties that hugged her butt just perfectly. They had only minimal frills along the edges. She sat down in the center of the bed and slid across so that her back was against the wall. Her jeans were bunched up around her ankles and the shoes that contained her feet dangled off the edge of the bed. She leaned her head back against the wall and closed her eyes as she relaxed and began to pee. She had been holding it for a couple of hours and had much pressure built up. The stream hissed loudly as it pounded against her panties like a raging river pounding rocks in it's path.

Quickly it pooled around her butt and soaked her panties. She opened her eyes and watched the dark wet spot on the blue sheet grow in all directions. It glistened and shined. A chill went down her spine and she suddenly had the urge to touch herself. She turned her gaze to her crotch and watched the hissing urine push through the dark fabric. She felt so naughty. The urge to masturbate grew stronger and stronger by the second, but she was mesmerized by the warm liquid gold that rushed from that area. Finally the stream began to fade along with the hissing and the pressure in her bladder. She leaned her head back against the wall and glanced at her watch. She had only 5 minutes until she had to be downstairs.

She shall have to wait until later to pleasure herself. With a sigh of disappointment, she moved herself far across the bed to a dry spot and wiped her butt back and forth several times to remove some of the wetness from her panties. Then she stood up and pulled her jeans up over them. She turned the fan on and pointed it at the wet spot. She knew that it would still be wet come bed time, but she didn't mind. She shut the door as she left the room and joined her family downstairs. Annie was helping her mother set the table and her father was stirring a pitcher of juice. Jenny took her seat and fought the desire to touch herself under the table. Had she been home alone with Annie, she would've gone all out on herself. She and Annie were not the slightest bit shy in front of each other. But Jenny did not want to humiliate herself in front of her parents.

After dinner, Jenny and Annie helped their mother clean up while their father set up a movie on the living room TV. Jenny kept her backside facing away from her father as much as possible. The butt of her jeans was damp in the shape of her panties. One would have to be staring directly at them to notice, but regardless, she was careful. She didn't care if Annie noticed. Jenny pees her pants in front of Annie almost daily. She didn't want her mom to notice, but it was much better than her dad. As far as Jenny knows, her dad has never known about Jenny peeing herself, including her bed wetting.

While shuffling about in the kitchen, Jenny's mom leaned over to her and whispered in her ear "Did you pee your pants?" Jenny's gaze snapped to her mother's eyes with a look of surprise, even though she knew she really should not be surprised. Jenny whispered back a white lie "Just my panties on the toilet." Her mother looked relieved and responded "Oh, good. I was worried you might have done it on the dining room chair." The dining room chairs were padded with cloth covering. The covering could not be removed and the chair would've been nearly impossible to clean fully.

After the movie, everyone went to their separate rooms to get ready for bed. Jenny found Annie in the bathroom brushing her teeth. She joined her sister in brushing her teeth. After, she shut the door and sat on the toilet without pulling down her jeans and peed through them while Annie undressed and got in the shower. Jenny returned to her room and removed her wet jeans, then put on some pajama pants. She did not change her panties. She crawled into her still wet bed. It was cold and she immediately regretted peeing in the toilet. She could've peed the bed again to warm it back up.

After a few shivering moments, she put her hands into her panties and began to masturbate vigorously. She warmed up and had an orgasm fairly quickly. She forgot to stifle her first moan and startled herself with it's volume. At home, she and Annie didn't worry about muffling themselves, but here, they didn't want their parents to hear. Jenny continued to masturbate even though she had already orgasmed. This time she dragged it out. Softly, she rolled slightly side to side. Her legs bent and straightened at seemingly random intervals. She took great care to keep her noises quiet. Her hands were covered with cum.

Finally, after nearly half an hour she allowed herself to orgasm a second time. She was unable to keep the first moan quiet despite all of her effort. She quickly slapped a slimy hand over her mouth but the second moan was still too loud. She grabbed the pillow from behind her head and smashed it against her face as another loud moan escaped her lips. Perhaps if she stopped rubbing herself with her other hand she could control herself, but it was of no use. Her brain commanded her hand to remove itself from her panties, but sensations of her body overpowered the signal and she continued to rub. Her hips bounced uncontrollably against the soggy bed.

She moaned again into the pillow. It was good fortune that the room next to hers was Annie's and not their parents'. This powerful orgasm, this unbelievably powerful orgasm lasted several minutes. Jenny jumped when her phone vibrated on the nightstand next to the fan. It snapped her out it and her orgasm quickly faded. She wiped her hands as best as she could on her pajamas and the sheets and then checked her phone. It was a text message from Annie: "Having fun over there? ;-)" Jenny smiled and sent back "Yeah, you jealous?" Annie responded with "Yeah. I can't be that loud without mom and dad hearing."

To be continued...

