Omorashi [Female desperation] - The Student Council Meeting

Author: WolfGirlOmo

*000*2018-04-07 11:20

Sitting in the middle of a Student Council meeting at 7:00 am (they had to be there by six), Charlotte pressed her thighs together. She had needed to pee since she woke up, but she had no time, and she didn't want to wake anyone up by flushing. She assumed she'd go when she got there, because there was usually time to linger before the meeting started, but this started right away, and she was too busy with note-taking and planning to ask to go. Lately, her pen had been slower. She put a fist to her crotch, trying to look like she wasn't trying to hold it, this was just her chosen posture of sitting. Her focus was sliding between her need to pee and her notes. She needed to focus! But she had just leaked when she tried to write. She was shaking, and raised her hand.

"Yes, Charlotte?"

"C-can I go to the bathroom ma'am?"

"I don't know, can you?" asked Miss Rogers, the teacher in the room. Yes, thought Charlotte, I can and I will, toilet or not.

But instead, she just said, "May I?"

"May you do what?" Miss Rogers asked. She secretly loved desperation, and had started the meeting early to stop Charlotte from using the bathroom. She knew her bladder was very small and fragile-she saw it in classes.

Charlotte, on the other hand, wasn't so happy. She felt a squirt of pee leak past her burden of control, which wasn't very strong now. She gasped, and tried to stem the flow, but it only stopped when it made a tiny, golf-ball sized wet spot on her pants. She knew it would soon grow bigger, because she had gone commando today on a dare. Hey, she wasn't all good. Now she knew this was a emergency, and she squeezed her crotch and answered Miss Rogers, "Just let me go to the bathroom already!"

Everyone was surprised by this, because Charlotte was a level-headed, calm, sweet, polite and kind-of shy girl. She never had outbursts like this.

Now Miss Rogers knew she really had to go. Charlotte was struggling for control. It hurt, and her bladder, full the the brim with pee, was shaking or something, making in harder not to let go. "Please can you let me go to the bathroom?" Charlotte's squirming wasn't helping much at this point. Tears formed in her eyes. I'm going to piss myself! I'm going to-oh god, no!

She thought, as her control was wiped away by Miss Roger's fist 'accidentally' hitting her bulged, pulsing bladder. Charlotte fell to the ground, as a loud splatter of pee was heard in the hallway. School was starting and kids were out there? How could she ever face them? This was highschool! Charlotte began to cry, but the tears which lasted longer than the peeing, still couldn't add up to the amount Charlotte had been holding and just let out. She sighed in relief, and looked back up to see Miss Rogers...

