Four Seasons: In the Cold Midwinter (a.k.a. the return of Meagan and Parker)

Author: Weasel

*000*2022-12-26 22:58

Hey, everyone.

So some years ago I wrote a massive three-season story about a couple of college kids, Meagan and Parker. And I decided I'd better not get stale, quit while I was ahead, yadda yadda, so I wrapped the story up and said, "No more sequels."

This, my friends, is the sequel I said I wouldn't write!

Honestly, I couldn't stay away from these two for long, I love them so much; even as I was typing "no sequels" I was already thinking, "But maaaybee...?" and starting to brainstorm a bit. And after years of tinkering, here we are again.

But... I have to say, all my worries about getting stale and repetitive are still valid. I think I've dodged it so far, but I wrote these stories on the condition that there would only be four of them, one each for winter/spring/summer/fall, and then I'd call a halt again. So here is the first of the four, appropriately posted in winter.

If you're thinking, "Yeah, but Weasel, who the heck are Meagan and Parker?", check out this post

. And if you're thinking, "Come on, get to the good stuff!" you're in luck; we'll jump right in. And for those who don't remember/have forgotten, there is sex in these stories. So. Much. Sex. You are forewarned.

*001*2022-12-26 23:04

“This isn’t gonna be easy,” Meagan said.

“Nothing worth doing ever is.”

“Usually driving home isn’t so hard, though.”

“The weather had its own ideas,” Parker said.

“And we had a bright idea of our own, too, didn’t we?”

“When life gives us lemons…”

“I’m trying to avoid making lemonade, actually.”

“Dear god have I missed our banter. And your bladder.”

“How’s yours doing?”

“Bursting. Yours?”

“I can go a little longer. But just a little.”

They crept up the highway at fifteen miles an hour, windshield wipers flailing. The light from their headlights mostly showed swiftly falling snow. Driving back to Ann Arbor from Parker’s parents’ house, they’d been racing the weather and lost; the blizzard hit two hours back. So the last bit of the drive had taken much, much longer than it usually did. And naturally they and their bladders had been counting on getting to Meagan’s apartment on time.

If Parker had been driving he would have pulled over and made some yellow snow. But Meagan was in the driver’s seat, and she was worried about stopping and starting again. And besides, she could hold it. Or she thought she could.

“I get to go first once we get to the apartment, then,” Parker had said.

“Oh, I don’t know about that!”

“Come on, you’re so much better at holding it than I am.”

“Usually. But I’m out of practice. I haven’t held it nearly so much this past fall.”

In any other circumstances Parker would have been pissed—if you’ll pardon the expression—and frustrated. But he was still reveling in the Meagan-glow. He hadn’t seen her for such a long stretch, and in such a relaxed state of mind, since the last few weeks at Franklin House. She’d landed a summer-camp job and started nearly at once, and then headed off to grad school while he went back to his senior year, alone.

They were both crazy busy, but they had a set routine and they never broke it. They texted every morning when they woke up and every night when they went to sleep. They called each other at least once a week, usually Tuesdays, and talked until one or both of them fell asleep. And they saw each other every few weeks, for the weekend.

In a curious way, this had added spice and life to the sex. Rarity value, of course. They hadn’t done much with either of their kinks, because just ordinary vanilla sex was suddenly all the more interesting. When they could manage even that, that is. Many Friday nights, Meagan had driven down or Parker had bused up, and they passed out cuddling before they could get any farther.

Usually the Saturday mornings following were pretty nice, though.

Now it was winter vacation for both of them. They’d spent Christmas at the parents’, but they’d decided to spend New Year’s together at Meagan’s apartment. Meagan had the 1st off, but after that it was back to the usual grind. Parker had another two weeks off after that, and they’d decided he’d spend the first half of it with her, trying not to be too distracting.

First, however, they had to get home in one piece. And, if at all possible, still dry.

They’d been holding it for over an hour now. They were tantalizingly close to their turnoff, however: just two more miles. And then another mile or so on city streets. Five minutes, usually—there wouldn’t be any traffic with school still not in session. Ten, tops.

But at their current speed, it would probably take over twenty. Maybe thirty, if the city streets were bad.

That was a heck of a lot closer than they’d been before, however. So already Parker’s mind was racing ahead to the bathroom that was waiting for them.

Yard by yard, Meagan crept up the road.

Parker turned a bit in his seat to try another position. It didn’t help his desperation much, but it gave him a good look at Meagan. So he gazed for a while. She was wearing a winter hat that Donna Daniels had given her, and a sweater Donna had also given her, both under a hoodie she’d swiped from Parker’s closet. This hid her shape pretty well. Parker really didn’t care. He loved looking at her whether he could see her curves or not. Her hair was short again, shorter than he’d seen it before; it whipped frisky around her ears when she shook her head. And she’d redone the red highlights. The look on her face was surprisingly calm, considering the fact that she was driving like a slug through a snowstorm and fighting a full bladder at the same time.

“I gotta say,” he said, “under the circumstances I’m not too upset about the storm.”

“Save it until we get home safe, boy,” she replied.

The minutes crept by. The miles passed slowly. The snow kept falling. As long as they were on fresh stuff, they were okay; there was some traction. There were few other cars on the road—thankfully they weren’t on the interstate—and so it was mostly a matter of inching along steadily and safely.

Finally they reached their turn. Plymouth Road had clearly been plowed, but also clearly snow had fallen since then. They actually lost speed, as there were now far more things they could run in to. What was usually a quick drive was going to take a while. As they crept down the road, Parker finally reached down his pants, grabbed his cock, and squeezed.

Just like the time in Chicago traffic, Meagan wasn’t able to use all her usual tricks. She was locked down, every muscle, but she couldn’t cross her legs, couldn’t move around much.

For the last mile, they fell silent, both of them locked in their own struggle.

At last, they turned down their block.

“For my next magic trick,” Meagan muttered, “I’ll find a place to park.”

“Just let me get out…”

“Nope. I’ve got the keys, remember?”

Mercifully there was an empty spot on the block, but quite a ways down from Meagan’s door. And of course there was quite a bit of snow there already. Getting her old beater into the snowy spot was a real challenge, and it took much longer than either of them liked.

Then it was out into the snow. Neither one had boots, and their shoes were quickly soaked through. But they couldn’t just dash for the apartment. They had to grab their bags… lock the car… only then could they trudge down the block.

The cold was absolutely brutal on their bladders.

“Can I please have the toilet when we get in there?” Parker asked. “I think I’m already starting to leak.”

“So am I,” Meagan replied.

“Seriously, at this point I’m just trying to get out of sight. I’ll pee between the buildings.”

“You can make it.”

“I might pee right on the mat.”

“You can make it. I can make it.” She wrinkled her nose. “But if you’re gonna be like that, then you’ll be spraying everywhere… you get the bathtub.”

“I’m okay with that if you use it with me.”

“Deal.”

The door to Meagan’s apartment was on the side of the building, tucked into the not-quite-an-alley between her building and the next. There was much less snow here, fortunately, due to the shelter of those buildings. They tromped up the little stairs, and Meagan fumbled for her key with shivering fingers. She had her legs crossed and squeezed tight.

“Seriously, I’m gonna pee right over the railing,” Parker said.

“Just give me a second…”

“I can’t.” Parker undid the button of his jeans, turning toward the railing.

Just then the lock clicked and the door swung open. Meagan tumbled into the apartment, Parker a step behind. He slammed the door and was about to dash for the bathroom when Meagan grabbed his arm. “Shoes off, jackets off. I don’t want you tracking snow all over.”

“I’m about to track piss all over!” But somehow they both managed to fight back the flow a minute longer, stripping off their jackets and kicking off their soggy shoes (not bothering to untie them). Then, as one, they bolted for the bathroom.

Parker didn’t wait to turn on the light. He tore the shower curtain aside and stepped into the bathtub in his socks, unzipping as he did. Meagan got the light switch as she came in after him.

Fumbling with his flies, Parker felt a major spurt escape into cotton. And when he finally tore his cock out through the fly of his boxers, his stream was already in full flow. It hit the wall of the shower and swung down as he got his aim under control.

“Shit!”

He looked up at Meagan’s cursing. She was absolutely writhing as she got her zipper down. Then, true to her promise, she swung around, back to the bathtub. She grabbed the waistband of her jeans and her panties and yanked, one go. Her stream, too, was in full flood as she did so. It shot backward and got the cuff of his jeans. She sat down on the edge of the tub and let the rest out.

They were both breathing hard, sighing with deep relief, as they emptied themselves. Parker, having started first, finished up first, but Meagan, as always peeing like a burst pipe, finished moments later. They stayed where they were for a second, pulses still hammering. He stroked her head, her hair, and then let his hand rest on her shoulder. She leaned back against him.

“You pissed on my leg,” he finally told her.

“Oh, crap. Sorry.”

“It’s okay. Somehow it’s a heck of a lot hotter when you wet my pants.”

“Still sorry.”

“How you feeling?”

“Drained. In more ways than one.”

“Mm, don’t want to follow that up, then?”

“Not tonight. All that tension, all that time—I am one giant knot.”

“Wanna take a hot shower?”

“…Yeah, that sounds nice.”

“And then back rubs and cuddles?”

“That sounds even nicer.”

A few moments later, as they were waiting for the water to warm up, he remarked, “You know? I am still not tired of seeing you take your clothes off. I mean, I see you naked all the time. But it’s still special.”

She grinned and kissed him. “If I weren’t exhausted,” she said in his ear, “that’s the kind of comment that would make me jump you and ride you hard.” She drew him into the warmth of the water, and they took turns washing each other, as they so often did. She soaped up his semi and swiftly raised it into a full hard-on. He sighed again.

“Want me to get you off?” she asked. “That’s easy enough.”

“Uhhnnh… no. I’ll wait.”

“Good boy. At this point I don’t even have to make you wait; you do it to yourself.” She grinned. “You’re so well trained!”

“When you’ve got reinforcement like what you’re doing now… and what you did a moment ago, peeing in the tub with me… then darn straight you’ve got me well-trained.”

Outside of the bathroom, they realized the apartment was an icebox. There was only one real source of heat, a big gas heater in the kitchen. Both of them, naked except for the towels around their waists, instantly got goosebumps as they walked through the apartment. Quite shortly, however, they were in her bed, and he was rubbing down her shoulders and oiling up her back. She was all but passed out by the time he was done.

*002*2022-12-27 01:50

When Parker woke up, he wondered what was wrong. He felt something was missing, but he couldn’t put his finger on it. He lay there in the dark for a while. He was thirsty, but getting out of bed meant getting out from under the covers and getting cold. He spooned up next to Meagan and fell back to sleep.

So it wasn’t when he woke up again, needing water and needing to pee, that he finally got out of bed—and realized the power was out. Since Meagan’s bedside clock plugged into the wall, they’d slept longer than usual. He decided this called for waking Meagan up (after he’d peed). She wasn’t thrilled to be shaken awake, and wasn’t thrilled to hear about the power, either—but, she said, it didn’t matter that much.

“There’s nothing in the fridge that could spoil,” she said, “since there wasn’t much there in the first place. But make sure the water is dripping in the bathroom, okay? Bathtub and sink. And turn on the heat in the kitchen.”

“If the power’s out, though…”

“The heater is just a big gas burner. If the pilot light hasn’t gone out, you should be able to turn it on just by flipping a switch. The fan won’t run but it’ll still warm up.”

All this he did, and then crawled back into bed. She squawked a bit about his cold hands, and then decided the best revenge was to use the bathroom herself and then come back and inflict cold hands on him.

Eventually they got hungry, and got up. By then they found that the kitchen was reasonably warm, but every room beyond that was frigid.

Meagan’s apartment was laid out like so: front door leading onto the living room. Bathroom off to one side. A tiny hallway connected the living room, the other bedroom (usually occupied by Meagan’s roommate, but she was gone), and the kitchen. Back door and Meagan’s bedroom off the kitchen. So the kitchen being warm was nice, but everything else was a bit of a problem.

The reason for the cold and the power outage was apparent as soon as they looked outside: at least three feet of snow, and more coming down. Obviously the city was shut down at least until the snow stopped falling.

“So we’re stuck here,” Meagan said. “No power in a barely heated apartment.”

“Now now. I prefer to look at it as an opportunity.”

“Oh?”

“We’re alone in the apartment. Will be for days. No obligations. There’s nothing for me to work on. You couldn’t work even if you tried. How often do we get this chance?”

“I think I see where this is going…”

He kissed her. She kissed back. This intensified.

“Yeah,” she said, after the kiss broke. “Yeah, I can get behind this. But…”

“Hmm?”

“Breakfast first.”

“Of course!”

“It’s oatmeal-what’ll-you-have, I’m afraid.”

“I’ll eat anything that’s got enough brown sugar in it.”

“Fresh out.”

“I’ll also accept peanut butter.”

“Doable.”

“Wait. No power, no microwave. How are we going to cook it?”

“I’ve got a gas stove. And obviously the gas is working. We just need a match to get the burner lit.”

Stovetop cooking took much longer than microwaving, and someone had to stir every now and then. Since the stove was right next to the heater, the obvious solution was to make out while cooking. And they played footsie under the table as they ate.

“So.”

“So,” he echoed.

“What did you have in mind?”

“Well, you know what I want, and I know what you want. But I had some more specific ideas.”

“Some roleplay. I’ve got a scenario you might like. And also I’ve got a challenge for you… but you might not like it.”

“No harm in asking.”

“And I will. But beyond that… we’ve got the whole apartment to ourselves… why not use it?”

“Use it how?”

“Sex, lover. Sex.”

“Straight sex?”

“If the kitchen table counts as straight…”

“Hmmm, I may need to warm up to that one. But I like your general drift. Here’s another idea: poker for some interesting stakes. Waiting time, say.”

“Oooh.”

“Mmmm, you like that, don’t you? And you haven’t heard the best part yet.”

“I’m all ears…”

“First things first, though.” She set down her bowl and climbed into his lap for more makeouts.

###

“Straight beats two pair,” Meagan said, raking in the slips of paper.

“Dang. Got me on the flop, too. No wonder you came on strong.”

“Let me see… that puts me at two hours and forty-five minutes of waiting.”

“May I point out that if you make my erection last more than four hours, I should seek medical attention?”

“Same if you make me hold it that long.”

“Oh, you can hold it way longer than that!”

“Well, that depends on what I’ve had to drink.”

“But speaking of medical attention, that actually relates to one of the roleplays I wanted to do…”

“Keep talkin’, cutie, but the flop’s comin’ down.”

“We’ve never played doctor, y’know.”

“Ahhh. I think I see.”

“They say that nurses have to hold it a lot…”

“Are you gonna make me wear the silly hat? Or a sexy skirt?”

“No. But I’d dress you in scrubs if you had any. Much hotter.”

“Why did I not see that coming?”

“Dunno, you’ve seen me coming often enough before.”

“Fuckin’ aye I have.”

“And if I win this hand, you’ll see it again. All in.”

“I fold.”

“Damn!”

“Dude, how obvious a tell was that?”

A few minutes later:

“C’mon, boy, make up your mind.”

“I’m thinking.”

She leaned forward, letting her robe fall open. “Thinking… hard?”

“Seen those before.”

“Oooh, gettin’ jaded, are we?”

“Well, you tried that trick on me… two hands ago. And then another one before that. And I lost both. So let’s just say I’m learning.”

“Well, let me just say, then: if you take much longer you’re gonna have to start cashing in your minutes.” She took a sip of water and wiggled her eyebrows.

“I see and raise you ten minutes,” he said immediately.

“Good boy.”

###

“Sorry to keep you waiting, it’s been a hell of a busy day.”

“Are nurses allowed to swear?”

“If we weren’t, this hospital would have burned down long ago. And stay in character.”

“Sorry. Thank god you’re here, nurse, I really need to use the bathroom,” Parker said from his bed.

“Urination or defecation?”

“I’m sorry?”

“Number 1 or Number 2?”

“Oh. Definitely Number 1.”

“You and me both, hon. Let me see, urinals, urinals… okay, that’s annoying! Looks like we’re all out. I’ll call for some.” Meagan held up her finger and thumb to the side of her head in the universal mime for “phone” and said, “Hello, Supply Office? Could we get more urinals up here in Room 222? Uh-huh… okay, as quick as you can, then.” She “hung up” and said matter-of-factually, “They’re running a bit behind. Everything’s being sanitized. Shouldn’t take too long, though.” She cocked her head. “Would that even happen? I haven’t spent much time in hospitals.”

“And you a registered nurse!”

“Whoops, sorry!”

“For shame, breaking character like that!”

She hung her head in mock guilt. Then she put on her “bustling nurse” attitude again. “Well! Sorry about the delay.”

“I hope they hurry, I can’t hold it much longer.”

“Hah, if you knew how long I’ve had to hold it! But no use wasting time. You need a sponge bath.”

“If you sponge me down with cold water, so help me…”

“Shhh. Break character any more and your role will need duct tape. And keep your hands down. You’ve got two broken arms and a busted knee, remember? Relax, there’s still hot water in the kettle.” She poured a little onto a washcloth and turned back the covers to start sponging him down. She let out a little sigh as the water ran between her fingers.

“Something wrong?” he asked, all innocence.

“Liquid is not a welcome sight right now,” she said. She paused her washing and crossed her legs. “Fudgecicles.”

“You really gotta go too, huh?” Parker asked.

“Very much so,” she said, and resumed her sponging. Another trickle of water and she sucked in breath.

“Like, how long have you been waiting?”

“Oh, gosh, who can tell? Almost all of us have to go all the time, really…”

“I bet there are some lines when you all get off shift, huh?”

“It’s been known to happen.” In her washing, she reached his waist. “I’ll need to take these off,” she said, and tugged them down—revealing his hard-on. “Well, look at that! I’ll have to wash it anyway, I suppose.” She sponged it off, triggering a moan.

“Well, well,” she said, sitting down on the bed beside him. “Seems like you’ve got more than one thing you need to let out.”

“Please keep going—I haven’t been able to get off since I broke my arms…”

“Well, we’re not supposed to—but I am supposed to make you comfortable. If I’m gonna do this, though, I can do better than a washcloth.”

She set the cloth on the bedside table, but the reaching made her wince and thrust her other hand into her crotch. He hardened even more, and she noticed.

“Is it turning you on that I have to pee?” she said, drying her hand off on her pants.

“Uh-huh…”

“Good thing for you I need to go so badly, then!” She caressed his cock gently. “Holy shit do I need to piss. But if it’s turning you on…”

“Yeah, it really is!”

She fingered herself a moment with the hand at her groin. “It’s kinda turning me on, too!” She slid the same hand inside her pants. “Aww yeah. I deserve a little stress reliever, don’t you think?”

“Definitely,” he agreed, watching in fascination. “Um—you can grip a little tighter…”

She shook her finger at him—one of the ones she’d been using to stroke him. “Uh-uh! You’re getting a free hand job out of the goodness of my heart, so I’m gonna do it my way.” She returned to stroking him quite gently. She seemed to be going a little faster on herself.

“God, they better hurry up with those urinals,” she said. “I need one myself.”

“If they came in right now, though…?”

She grinned through her quickening breath. “That would be awkward, huh? Not worried, though, we’ll hear them coming.”

“Um, can I see your boobs?”

“I dunno, man.”

“Please?”

“Well, since we’re already committing one highly unprofessional act…” She hoisted her sweatshirt up.

“And your bra…?”

“Don’t push your luck.” She went back to stroking—both of them. A moment later, she muttered, “I am so bursting…”

He came in her hand, coming all over his belly.

“That did it, huh?”

He just grinned in bliss.

“I need a little longer,” she said. “But I can multitask.” Still fingering herself, she started to mop up his come with the washcloth.

Deciding to be a more active participant in the storytelling, and to see how she’d react, he said, “I think they’re coming now!”

“Which means I can’t, yet,” she grumbled, quickly pulling her shirt back down and standing up. “At least we’ll get to pee…”

She pretended to take the “urinal” (really an old plastic water bottle that had been in a top cupboard when she’d moved in) from someone, and then walked gingerly back over to the bed.

“Can I pee first?” he asked.

“You’ve got a lot of nerve,” she said. “You come first, now you get to pee first?” But she hesitated.

“The patient is the priority, right?”

She groaned with impatience. “All right, all right…”

The water bottle was not actually well-designed for peeing into while lying down, and it took a little maneuvering. In the end she got a workable set of angles. Fortunately Parker didn’t really have to go that badly, as even a half-full bottle might easily have spilled. But Meagan, who really did have to go, shook her head in impatience. “Listening to you peeing is just torture,” she said.

“All done,” he said, excited to see what she’d do.

“Now, don’t look,” she said, sticking to the part.

“Can’t I watch?”

“A hand job is one thing, but I’m not dropping my pants for you.”

“Still wanna come?” he asked. “I can help.”

“With two broke arms?”

“You can sit on my face.”

Her eyes flashed. “All right, you got a deal.” She pulled her sweats down to mid-thigh, and her panties followed. She held the bottle to her groin, spread her outer lips—and sighed with pleasure as her hissing piss started filling the bottle.

When she was done (her usual big blast), she wiped herself off with the selfsame washcloth, screwed the top onto the “urinal”, dropped her pants the rest of the way, and climbed onto him.

It was hard, having her beautiful butt and thighs so close, and not being able to fondle them. But he stayed in character, and he’d been getting pretty good with his tongue. It wasn’t long before she began to moan again, from a different kind of pleasure.

“Oh yes, yes, yes…”

*005*2022-12-27 15:35

The next morning the power was still out and it was still snowing a little. But a crisis was looming. They inspected their dwindling food supplies.

“We’re gonna have to make a run to the market,” Meagan said. “And that means walking, I think.”

“Interesting that we have to walk to make a run.”

“Well, we sure ain’t driving. All right, let me just use the bathroom.”

“Um… can I ask you not to?”

She rolled her eyes. “Yesterday not enough for you?”

“I guess not. Also, I didn’t cash in all my minutes.”

“You had, like, twenty left.”

“Sure, and they can be the first twenty minutes of the walk.”

She laughed. “You really can’t get enough of this, can you?”

“I can’t get enough of you.”

“You sweet-talker, you. What if I get out there and decide to drop my pants after twenty minutes?”

“I’d be fine with that.”

“Hah! Well, I need to go, but not that bad. So I will bet you I can make it all the way to the store and back without peeing.”

“A bet, huh? Seems like I’m gonna win either way.”

“Oh right. Well, let’s just say I’m challenging myself.”

They geared up. Extra socks and long underwear underneath snowpants and boots. Meagan’s snowpants were overall-style. Then jackets over that, gloves and scarves, and away they went.

Meagan led the way in a somewhat different direction. “Isn’t the store that way?” Parker asked, pointing.

“Yeah, but this way we’ll walk through the woods and the park. It’ll be quieter and prettier.”

And significantly longer. This could be interesting. Or alternatively she was so confident, she was just showing off.

It was really lovely, walking through the little nature preserve in the falling snow. The clouds seemed low enough to touch, heavy and gray, but the snow was falling only lightly. Still, if they stopped for a moment, their footprints began to fill in. And it was so quiet. Parker took Meagan’s gloved hand in his.

They stopped often to admire something, or just listen to the snowfall. It was so beautiful (and Meagan was so relaxed) that Parker almost forgot about her challenge—until they came to the edge of the woods where their route now led across soccer fields. Meagan sighed and said, “If I were really sticking to the twenty minutes, I’d pee here.”

“In the trees?”

“Yeah, with cover. Back my butt right up to the bark, make some yellow snow.”

Parker thought this over. “That’s kind of hot,” he said. “I’d be fine with that, like I said.”

She gave him a scornful glance. “You think Meagan the Mighty can’t make it?”

“No, I just said it would be hot if you dropped your pants here.”

“Well, my snowpants cast the deciding vote, and as they are overalls, I’ll just have to hold it.”

He shivered, and since he was quite bundled up, it was not at all from the cold.

They broke trail across the soccer fields. This was hard going—they were absolutely getting their exercise—and took a lot longer than usual. They were breathing a bit hard by the time they got to the tennis courts, and there was another bigger field beyond.

“You know, let’s just cut across the golf course,” Meagan suggested.

Parker thought about making some dig at her giving up and shortening the hold, but it would a long, long way around the course. And besides, the snow was going to make the fences much easier to hop. So he agreed, and they did exactly that, crossed the course, and then cut through a few trees to a side street. A couple blocks later, they hit the main road they needed and turned down it. It had been plowed, of course, and the plowing had dumped a lot onto the sidewalks, so this was actually even harder and slower going. There was just enough traffic on the road to keep them from simply walking down the middle of it.

Fortunately they only had a couple blocks to go. They were longish, but that was it. And then they reached the grocery store, which was still open. A lot of stamping and kicking to get the snow off, and then a quick run through for everything they needed. Mostly snack food, but also a lot of canned soup they could heat up on the stovetop.

It was really hard to tell how Meagan was doing through all the layers, so as they stood in the cookie aisle Parker simply leaned in and asked, “How are you doing?”

“Tell you outside,” she said.

Paying took surprisingly long, because there was only one cashier and four people were ahead of them with carts. Meagan and Parker, aware of the walk back, had been careful not to take more than they could carry. When they paid at last and got outside, Meagan said, “C’mere. Kiss me before you put your scarf back on.”

He did. And she whispered in his ear, “I gotta go bad. Taking a lot longer than I expected.”

“And about a mile and a half home,” he said. “Want to use the bathroom here?”

“No. Let’s just go.”

That sent a massive thrill through him. He was starting to get hard inside his own snow pants.

It wasn’t the worst snow they’d punched through—people had been walking here, so they didn’t have to break trail—but it was still, as Parker had said, around a mile and a half back to the apartment, and they had a much heavier load by now. After about a third of the distance, Meagan said to him, “In retrospect, I might have gone at the store.”

“Gonna make it?”

“I’d darn well better.” Then she grinned at him. “I take it back. The look on your face, and the bulge through your snowpants, is worth it. But we better keep going.”

With a few blocks left to go, Meagan said, “Okay. So I’m gonna make it back to the apartment, I’m pretty sure of that. It might be close but I’ll make it. What do you want to do when we get there?”

He thought for a moment. “Something we haven’t usually done.”

“Okay, so that rules out peeing in the bottle again, which was gonna be my vote.”

“How come?”

“Because we can do that in the kitchen, where we can have the heater on.”

“Well, that gives me an idea, then.”

“Hmm?”

“I’d like to undress you.”

“Say more about that.”

“I’d like to be the one to take off your clothes so you can pee. Then you can pee in the sink.”

She nodded slowly. “Okay, I can see that.”

They turned into the apartment complex and Meagan let out a breath. “Okay. Almost there.” They stamped their boots off (again), Meagan fumbled for the key, and then they made it inside. The front room was not that much warmer than outdoors. Parker unfastened his boots as quick as he could. When he saw Meagan doing the same, he said, “Hold on a second, I’ll do that for you.”

“Oh, I am definitely holding,” she said.

He got his boots off… and darted into the kitchen.

“Hey!”

“I’m starting the heater and lighting some candles!”

Not the work of a moment, since the electric sparker was out, but the matches were sitting on the counter.

“Um, Parker?”

“Almost there!”

And indeed, a moment later the heater roared to life. He turned it all the way up (not that there was much difference; it was either on or it was really on) and then raced back to her side, sliding the last steps in his socks. She gave him a nervous grin. He kissed her, then immediately bent to get her boots off. Then, at least, she could step away from the door. He untucked her scarf and unzipped his jacket, and did the same for himself. Then he led her by the hand into the kitchen.

It hadn’t cooled off altogether while they were gone, and the heater was already having an impact. Parker still pulled Meagan over as close to the heater as they could get, which conveniently was right by the sink. Then he started working on her clothing again. He unfastened one strap of her snowpants, then the other, and let the flap hang down in front. Then he pulled her shirt off. She obligingly lifted her arms over her head, but even as she did so, she said, “Um, it’s really the pants that have to come off?”

“One step at a time,” he said. Her fuzzy hat had come off with her shirt, and he plopped it back on her head. Then he unhooked her bra and felt her up.

“Shit, your hands are cold!” Meagan said. “I nearly pissed myself from that!”

He snatched them away. “Sorry!”

“No, no, silly,” she said, grabbed both hands, and held them to her bare chest.

“Um, if you’re not gonna let me use my hands, it’s gonna take longer to get your pants off.”

“I can make it, probably,” she said, “but I don’t want you touching me with those cold hands again. And since I definitely want you touching me…”

They stood there in front of the furnace and the sink, waiting for his hands to warm, for a long moment. She was absolutely squirming; he turned it into a swaying dance.

“Mmkay, that’ll have to be enough,” she said.

“All right, just a couple more things.”

He re-fastened her snowpants straps, bringing the flap up in front of her bare breasts.

“Um, that’s kinda backward?”

“It’ll just be for a moment.” He ran to his bag in their room and rummaged through it.

“Parker, that’s twice now you’ve left me standing here. I really, really gotta go, lover!”

“Got what I needed,” he said, flourishing the Polaroid camera.

“Oh wow, I didn’t know you brought that!” she said. “I haven’t seen that since…”

“Since we did that photoshoot, yeah.”

“In that case you’re gonna need more light.” She quickly turned and lit two more candles. Then she turned back and posed for him, giving him plenty of side boob. (Click! went the camera.) Next she bent over for him, hands pressed between her legs, going the cleavage route. Click! Finally she unfastened one of the straps, letting the flap hang down just enough to expose one nipple, and leaned up against the counter top on her arms, tightly crossing her legs. Click!

“I hope those turn out good,” she said. “It’s so dark in here. And I really actually love that thing, did you know? I love teasing you with those pictures later.”

“Oh, okay! We can do more.”

“Not right now, though,” she said. “Can you please please please take my pants off so I can pee?”

“You were the one doing all the poses just now.”

“Worth it. But I am about to piss these fuckin’ snowpants if you don’t get them off me.”

He unfastened the other snowpants strap and pulled both straps down, peeling the pants off her hips. She stepped out of them and reached inside her long underwear to hold herself. Parker repeated the process of peeling with the long underwear in turn, and then she stood in a puddle of clothing, wearing nothing but her fuzzy hat, wool socks, and an anxious smile.

“You held that so well,” he said. “Thank you.”

“Still holding it,” she said. She stretched out her arms, palms up, and spread her legs slightly apart. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. And then she grinned at him: Look what I can do.

He responded by dropping his own snowpants, so she could see how much of a tent he was pitching in his long underwear.

“Oooh,” she said, giving the bulge a couple strokes. Then she took a shuddery breath and said, “Okay, I’m gonna go now.” She hoisted herself up onto the sink, and as soon as her butt cleared the rim, she let loose.

She closed her eyes again and sighed deeply, mouth a little open in bliss, breasts hanging loose as she was leaning forward a bit. The fuzzy hat and socks really completed the look.

He didn’t take a picture with his camera. He tried to burn the image into his memory instead.

“After all that,” she said, jumping down, “I need a bath.”

“Okay, but that bathroom has got to be frigid.”

“I’m not taking one in there,” she said. “I’m gonna do a sponge bath right here. It’s getting so warm in here that I’ll dry in no time.”

She started heating water on the stove, and when it was warm, sponged herself off with the washcloth she’d used on him the day before. Which meant he had a second mental image to treasure.

“Whatchya lookin’ at?” she said over her shoulder, catching him looking.

“You,” he said. “Trying to memorize you.”

“Take a picture, it’ll last longer,” she said. And when he smiled, she nodded to the camera and said, “No, I’m serious.”

The pictures were dramatic: a close-up of candlelit water droplets on her bare skin. A full length shot of her, bare butt on full display, right down to the socks. Then another shot, waist up, looking over her shoulder again, woolly cap parked at a slightly rakish angle.

“I love you so much,” he said in a rush, as if he’d been holding in the words and finally had to let out the flood.

“I know,” she said, and stretched out her arms for him.

She got dressed very slowly. Panties went back on before long, and sweatpants went on over panties soon after, but she didn’t put on a shirt for hours. And when she did, it was one of his hoodies, with nothing under it. The woolly hat stayed on the entire time, and came to bed with them after.

Edited December 27, 2022 by Weasel

Forgot some italics (see edit history)

*007*2022-12-28 01:31

Last chapter for this story!

WARNING: No actual omo/desp content in here at all. Just two young people in love.

###

Somewhat to Parker’s dismay, considering all the fun they’d had in the blackout, the power came back on sometime early in the morning on New Year’s Eve. They spent a lot of time that day getting caught up on email and so on. And it was an unpleasant reminder that it was their last night together alone—Meagan’s roommate would be back the following afternoon.

But despite this, they still spent a fair amount of time apart that morning, sucked in by the internet.

Then, over a late lunch, Meagan said, “So do you know what you want to do tonight?”

“Not particularly. I kind of figured we’d just watch fireworks or something.”

“ ‘Or something.’ ”

“You’ve got an idea. I can tell.”

“I want,” she said, “to start the new year right. To make a connection.”

“You’ve definitely got an idea.”

“How would you like to start the new year making love to me?”

“Miss Meagan McAllister, it would be an honor and a privilege.”

“But,” she said, “I want us to really focus on each other. So not going for climax.”

“You’re gonna make me wait again. And tease me.”

“No. Not tonight. I just want to… shift the emphasis. Not about the destination, but about the journey.”

“We’re about the journey a lot. It’s a journey when you make me wait… it’s a journey when I make you wait…”

“Yeah, but still with that destination in mind.” She shook her head. “I’m not explaining it right. It’s just… I want this to be about us connecting, not us going for those endorphins. If we come, we come. But it’s not what I want it to be about.”

“I’m still not sure…”

“Yeah.” She paused. “I remember hearing about this and thinking it sounded just amazing. How to explain it, though?”

He waited.

“Okay. So try it this way. Imagine us fucking.”

“With pleasure.”

“Exactly! It’s all about how good we can make it feel. But now imagine same thing—you’re in me, I’m riding you, however we do it—but instead it’s not about ‘feel as good as possible.’ It’s… feeling each other. You feeling my body, knowing what it’s doing. Me feeling your body, understanding what’s happening.”

“I’m maybe beginning to get it.” He hesitated. “This sounds… intense.”

“Yeah. It really might be.”

“I want,” she said, with the faintest hint of a shudder to her voice, “to start this year as close to you as possible. Nothing between us. No lies, no fears, no walls. Totally joined.”

“Whoa.”

“Yeah.”

He took her hand. “Absolutely.”

First they made dinner, and then they ate it, and then they watched a movie in the living room to pass the time until closer to midnight, curled up against each other with a blanket across their legs. As the credits rolled, Meagan took his chin in her fingers and turned his head to kiss him. This turned into a lengthy makeout session.

“What time is it?” she whispered when they came up for air.

“The DVD player thinks it’s 11:19,” he said.

“It’s about time, then,” she said.

“We’re gonna fuck for forty-five minutes?”

She put her finger on his lips. “First off, we’re not fucking. Secondly, no, not penetration for that long. But we’ve got a lot to do before then.”

She disentangled herself from his limbs and got to her feet. Then she held out a hand, her eyes smiling down at him.

Parker took the offered hand, but instead of getting up, he just looked up at her for a moment. Just looked. How could I say no? I love this girl.

She led him into the kitchen (still much warmer than the rest of the apartment), turning off the lights and appliances as she went. In the kitchen she re-lit several of the candles, and then turned out the kitchen lights as well. She left the heater on, though. Lit by nothing but the flames, she gently pushed him up against the cupboards and started undressing him.

It was a gradual process. She rolled up his sleeves, she tugged down his collar. Every bit of skin she revealed, she kissed. Then she pulled his hoodie up and off him, waiting to kiss his lips the moment they were visible again. She focused on kissing his lips for a while, but her hands (well-warmed) were running across his chest and back—over his t-shirt, then under. Then she pulled the t-shirt off, too, and made out with his muscles for a while.

“How’s that?” she whispered.

“I was right,” he whispered back. “This is intense.”

“And this is just the warm-up,” she purred.

“I’m not doing anything for you, though.”

“Oh, lover, you have no idea how much you’re doing for me.”

“Really.”

“Believe it.”

“I trust you.”

“You do.” She went back to kissing him.

“Weird, though,” he said, running his fingers through her hair as she kissed his pecs. “This feel so intimate, but I’m not feeling that turned on.”

“All part of the journey,” she answered. “But if you’d like…”

“I would.”

She trailed a finger back and forth across the crotch of his jeans. “How’s that?”

“Nice. That’s nice,” he said. “But what I really wanted was to do this.” He began to kiss her back—a little more hungrily than she’d been kissing him, but following the same pattern: as he oh so slowly pulled her clothes off, his lips followed the light as the light found her skin.

He looked up, some time into this. Something had caught the attention of his ears—her breath was coming faster. She was standing in just a t-shirt and panties and socks, braced against the cupboard, hands gripping the edge of the countertop, lips slightly parted, eyes mostly closed. She looked like she was getting pretty hot already, and he hadn’t even touched her sweet spots yet. He tried doing that, running a finger up her thigh to where her legs joined, and she shivered violently.

“Too much?” he teased.

“Kinda, yeah,” she said. “You have no idea how much this is turning me on already, love.”

“Well,” he said, “whose fault is that? That I have no idea, I mean. Talk to me, beautiful. Make that connection.”

“I feel… I feel like I’m on fire,” she whispered. “No. Not on fire. I’m still, I’m warm, everything’s all right… I feel like I am the flame. The candle flame. Every time you touch me it feels a little more right. Every time you stop touching, I ache, waiting for the next caress. And then when it comes… then I’m the fire all over again.”

He began to space out the kisses a little more.

She grinned. “Oh, I feel what you’re doing now. Making me wait.”

“Making you ache.”

“In the best way. The absolute best way.” She craned her neck. “Wait, what time…? Mmmmm. Nearly time to get to bed, I think. But first we gotta get the rest of this out of the way.” She undid his jeans and started to pull them down, kneeling to pull them lower.

“We need music, too,” he said, his breath catching as she ran her hands up his bare thighs.

“Good thing you’ve got good playlists,” she said.

He stepped out of his jeans, grabbed his laptop on the kitchen table, hit a few buttons, and let the music flow.

“ ‘Stairway to Heaven’? Really?” she said, straightening up.

“It’s a really good song! Not its fault it gets overplayed,” he said defensively. He tugged at the hem of her t-shirt and she obligingly lifted her arms over her head. Something about that gesture took his breath away, no matter how many times he’d seen her do it. He locked eyes with her as her shirt came free, and whispered, “I love it when you do that.”

“What, show you my boobs?”

He fumbled for the words. “No. Well, yes. But what it means. That you chose me. That you’re still choosing me. That you’re letting me.” He ran his hand through his hair. “I’m not explaining it right.”

She nodded. “No, I get it. I totally get it.” And then she was kissing him, slowly but hungrily, pressing her skin to his skin with one hand in the small of his back, the other caressing him. She ground her hips against him—very, very slowly.

By the time Led Zeppelin was winding down the road, Parker was hard as a long rock beneath his boxers. “I’m ready,” he whispered. “I’m so ready. You?”

“Why don’t you check?”

He slid a finger under the waistband of her panties and went hunting. She gasped and shook as his fingertip slid over her clit on its way further in. She spread her legs slightly to give him better access, and without him asking, she shifted her hips to give him a better angle so his wrist wouldn’t be strained.

“You seem pretty ready to me. Still on fire?”

“Oh yes.”

The last step was getting their socks and underwear off. Naked, she whispered, “Want me on top for starters?”

“We’re gonna be at this a while, right? So we’ll probably swap off anyway.”

“Mmmmmhmmmm.”

“Doesn’t matter to me.” Then he thought about it for a moment. “No, you’d better set the pace. I might come too fast.”

She smiled. “Yeah, that’s why I offered…”

He laughed, softly. “You wanted a connection, right? We got a connection, love. We do…”

She laughed with him. “Edge of the bed?”

“As you wish.”

“Too obvious.”

“Not enough blood for both ends.”

“Yeah, and that’s why I’m steering.”

“Dear god have I missed our banter.”

She straddled him, squeezing his hard-on between her groin and his belly. A slightly uncomfortable angle but a pleasant pressure from both sides. She flung her arms around his neck and kissed him long and loving.

Then she lifted up a bit, holding herself off him with her thighs, and took him inside her. “Choosing you again,” she whispered in his ear.

“I know. Thank you.”

“Feeling good?”

“I always feel good when I’m in you.”

“Nothing between us,” she said. “Perfectly joined.”

He nearly toppled backward then, and she caught him only just in time as she rode him. “How you doin’, lover?” she asked.

“Oh, I’m doing fine,” he said. “You just knock me out, that’s all.”

“You make me go weak in the knees sometimes, too.”

“Going weak in the knees wouldn’t knock me over now, though. On the other hand, if I made you weak in the knees right this second, I might be in trouble when you landed on me.”

She laid her hands on his shoulders. “I’d catch myself. I’d never crush you.”

“I know.”

“But really, how are you?” she asked again.

“Well, it’s a little weird. Like, I’m used to doing this with you. But there’s, like, a story arc to it usually? This all feels really good, but—what next?”

“Us,” she said. “We’re next. Us being us together. It’s a different kind of arc, that’s all. A different journey.”

“But, like, when do we stop?”

“Do you want to stop?”

“No.”

“There’s your answer. We stop when we want to. We’re not boxed in. We’re not followin’ someone else’s rules. We’re just—wait, is this Coldplay?”

“Hey, I like this song!”

She stretched her arm out as far as she could to his laptop without actually getting off him, but all she could hit was the space bar, which paused the music. She gave him another long slow thrust, and then sighed, stretched over again, and slapped the space bar to start it again. “The silence is worse,” she grumbled.

“New slogan. ‘Coldplay: We’re Better Than Dead Silence!’ ”

She laughed, and pushed gently against his chest. “Now this, this is why I keep you around despite terrible music.”

“I admit after ‘Stairway to Heaven’, this is a bit of a step down.”

“Lie back, I wanna switch positions.”

“Want me on top?”

“Nah, I just want to stretch out a bit.”

He lay back, and she laid her length across him, giving him short, shallow thrusts with her hips. “How’s this?” she whispered in his ear.

“Mmmm, not doing a lot for me… I mean, it’s better than dead silence…”

She shook with laughter.

“But that’s okay,” he went on. “You didn’t want me to come, right?”

She shook her head. “No, that’s not it. If we come, we come, and there’s no guilt or shame or anything in that. It’s just not what we’re here for.”

“Right. We’re here for each other. How are you doing?”

“This position wouldn’t do much for me either, I just wanted to touch all you with all of me.”

He shivered. “Whoa. That… I love that.”

“I do love having you in me,” she said, “which means keeping you hard, so if you start to get soft, let me know.”

“Hmmm, there is that danger.”

“Like, now?”

“Getting that way.”

She pushed herself up, hands on his chest, and gave him several quicker and deeper thrusts. Then she slowed again. “Better?”

“Uh, I hate to say it, but mentioning getting soft was a bad tactical move…”

“Aw, fuck! I mean, crap!” she said. She gave him a little thrust-squeeze. “Remember me getting desperate.”

“Mmm, I remember you waiting to pee until I’d taken some pictures…”

“I was so full. You’ve really made me work hard these last few days.”

“Hey, the first time it was the snowstorm.”

“True. But yeah, coming back from the store was much more intense than I expected it to be.”

“And then you started posing for me.”

“I did. And it was worth it. Because it turned you on, and it’s still turning you on.”

“You’ve always turned me on,” he said. “You looked so good out on the Ultimate field, the first time. And you know, I can still remember the first time you took your shirt off for me?”

“Was that your birthday night?”

“Nah, it was before then.”

“Really?”

“Mmmhmm.”

“I don’t remember us having sex before then.”

“We didn’t. But you let me feel you up.”

“Well hey. Good for me.” She slowed her strokes, carefully not pointing out that he’d hardened up just fine again. “Wanna get on top now? My legs are getting tired.”

“Sure.”

They rolled, and he slipped out, and it was no problem; he just took the opportunity to add some lube, and guided himself back in. Thrusting slowly was a challenge for his body, but it still felt great where it mattered.

“Talk to me, beautiful,” he whispered.

“I love the way your tip slides along inside me when you move like that. I love the way you’re shaking with effort. I love looking you in the eye when we make love. I love that you put both Smashing Pumpkins and the Beatles on this playlist. How about you?”

“You mentioned being on fire…”

“You, too?”

“I’m getting there. Can I stop for a minute? I’m worried I might come.”

“Nothing wrong with that. You can come in me. I got you.”

“I know. I just don’t want this to end.”

She laughed, low, delighted, and nuzzled his shoulder. “Yes. You get it. You do.”

“I love this. All the walls come down. Nothing but us.”

Just then the first fireworks went off.

She wrapped her arms around him—and her legs around him, too, crossing them at the ankles in the small of his back. She rarely did that with her legs, since it did limit his motion. But now she held him cradled, still grinning, still nuzzling. He kissed her forehead.

“Just rest on me, love,” she said, noting he was still holding his weight up on his arms.

“Are we done moving?”

“If we want to be.”

“If we’re done moving I’m gonna get soft.”

“No problem with that, either. I love holding you while you get soft. I just usually use my hands to do it…”

“Really?”

“Oh, yeah.”

“It gets you off?”

“No, no. It’s a moment of trust. Mmmm, yeah, like that.”

“That’s wild. I never would have thought you’d like me getting soft.”

“The things we learn when we’re not trying to come, huh?”

“Yeah! It’s oddly reassuring.”

“Really?”

“Yup. Now if I ever can’t keep it up, I won’t worry about it. I’ll just let you enjoy it another way.”

“And then go down on me, if you can’t get me off afterwards…”

“Mmmhmmm.—Whoops, there I go...”

“I’m holding on to you every other way.”

“Happy to be held. Happy New Year, love.”

“Happy New Year of love.”

“Yes. Oh, yes.”

###

And Happy New Year to all of you, readers!

I hope that nothin'-but-lovin' chapter wasn't a letdown for you all. Meagan and Parker (and the desperation) will return in a little while; thanks for welcoming them back. Stay tuned -- interesting times ahead.

*012*2023-01-21 01:27

{{On 1/17/2023 at 6:05 AM, Flush said:

Ok I've just finished reading this again for the second time, and I see I haven't thanked you yet. So thanks, this is a wonderfully erotic story. I think for the first time I'm not even remotely disappointed that there is no peeing content in (the last chapter of) a story written on omorashi.org.

}}

As I've said before -- that's the highest compliment I can get on this site!

{{On 1/17/2023 at 6:05 AM, Flush said:

I also went through the ending of Season 3 again to see how things ended last time, and this way I bumped into your author's notes (a little late, I never bothered to read the pdf version because I had already all stories on the forum - I thought). I agree with you that coming up with even more college scenario's is an almost impossible task, I think. But if you feel that the story of Meagan & Parker isn't told yet, I'm sure that you can come up with lots of possible other scenario's. Also, in my opinion, it wouldn't be a shame if the reboot of Meagan and Parker is shorter. I found your insinuation of "drop off in quality" a bit amusing after reading this story, you definitely didn't drop off - on the contrary.

}}

Yeah, I'm definitely getting better as a writer overall, so the decline in quality of characterization I'm not too worried about. But all good things must come to an end, and it's better to end them while they're still good. On the other hand, if I haven't dropped off yet, then maybe I should keep the ride going, eh?

This "season" will indeed be shorter. Just four stories. So far, at least.

By the way, I hoped you enjoyed the "bonus" stories in the PDFs!

{{On 1/17/2023 at 6:05 AM, Flush said:

Also, I'm trying to figure out why I wasn't into Bree & Tam as I am into Meagan & Parker. I mean, they are quite similar. The quality of the writing in Bree & Tam certainly isn't worse, and I enjoyed Bree & Tam a lot also, but just not as much as I did with Meagan & Parker. Maybe I shouldn't look too much into it, and maybe I was just a little less in the mood myself in 2021 when Bree & Tam was published. Meagan & Parker feel like a more serious couple to me, and maybe a little more perverted. But again, maybe I shouldn't look too much into it. Maybe a weird question after my comment, but is Bree & Tam dead in the water?

}}

Yeah, M&P are definitely a more serious couple -- but to be fair, they've had years together. Definitely a bit more perverted (as it stands). I think maybe it just feels slightly less real since there's a lot of me in Parker but much less of me in Bree or Tam.

I definitely haven't ruled out a return to Bree and Tam, and in fact I have a couple more outdoorsy story ideas, including one based on a very real experience. I just haven't gotten around to them yet, since I was focusing on M&P (and, of course, my "straight" fiction).

I hate to say it, but I think one reason I'm slower to work on B&T instead of M&P is that I just like M&P better, as you do...

