Marissa's Movie Night

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2022-07-24 05:54

Marissa winced a bit as she stood up from the table and pushed in her chair. She had been feeling a slight need to pee for the last half hour, but standing had suddenly made her aware of just how full she was. It made sense, she hadn’t gone since she had left work nearly 2 hours ago and had since drank 2 pints of beer and a large glass of water with dinner.

She glanced around the restaurant but didn’t see any obvious signs of a bathroom, surely it must be back past the-

“Ready to go?” Marc asked

- “Yep” she responded after just the slightest moment of hesitation.

Under normal circumstances, Marissa would have definitely made the effort to go find the bathroom, even though it was just a brief journey back to her apartment, the idea of sitting in a car with this full of a bladder wasn’t exactly appealing, but the service had been a lot slower than they expected and they were now pressed for time. Plus, she had just recently started seeing Marc and while she certainly felt comfortable telling him that she needed to go to the bathroom, making him wait around the restaurant for her when they had already stood up felt a bit awkward.

Walking out of the restaurant, Marissa glanced at the time on her phone, 6:35. She ran through the plan in her head. Marc would drive her back to her apartment, which would take about 10 minutes, they would run in and grab the duffle bag that she had packed this morning… super quick stop at the bathroom… then Marc would take her to the train station and drop her off, which would take about another 10 minutes.

Sitting down in the car, she pulled up the train schedule she had look at earlier. She needed to catch the 7pm train. That would get her to her destination by about 7:25, where her childhood best friend Martia would be waiting for her. They were then to meet with their other friends at Jen’s house, where they would all head to the movie theater together for a nice relaxed girls night before heading back to Jen’s for some wine and a sleepover just like they had a million times as kids.

Looking back up, Marissa felt a pang of anxiety as they hadn’t even made it out of the parking lot yet. She checked the time again, she really needed to catch the 7pm train as the next one wasn’t until 8.

Finally on the road, the conversation was minimal as Marc focused on getting Marissa to the station on time. She smiled a bit as she noticed the look of determination and genuine concern for her on his face. He was really shaping up to be a keeper.

Exhaling slightly Marissa turned back to look out the window and her bladder came back to the front of her mind. She really needed to pee now. There was no avoiding it, she would absolutely have to take 2 minutes to pee when they stopped at home. It was worth the risk, as it would be her last chance for likely an hour and she had consumed quite a lot of fluids.

5 minutes from home and Marissa could hardly tell what was bothering her more, the anxiety about missing her train or the pressure in her bladder. She crossed her legs tightly and leaned back, 15 minutes from and now she would be relieved and able to relax on the train. Just 15 minutes.

Pulling up to her apartment Marissa glanced at the time once more, 6:43, it was going to be tight but they should have plenty of time. Pee. Bag. Train station. She had her keys ready in hand.

“All I need to do is grab my bag and then I really have to go to the bathroom, I’ll be two minutes and we're back on the road” she relayed to Marc as they entered her apartment, Marc taking a seat on the couch as Marissa dashed toward the back hallway.

Reaching the bathroom door, Marissa swore under her breath. The door was closed and the shower was running, her roommate. To make matters even worse, she could hear the conversation behind the door, her roommate’s boyfriend was in there too. Marissa had told her roomie she would be gone for the night and she had invited her boyfriend over and now they were showering together.

Marissa crossed her legs tightly and racked her brain. Under normal circumstances, she would just rush in and pee, but with the boyfriend there, it was just impossible. She checked the time, 6:47. Even if she knocked and made them get out, it would take entirely too much time. As if sensing how close she was, her bladder surged and she felt her pee rush right to the edge of peehole. She pressed her legs together and even harder and even though it felt childish, gave herself the lightest of squeezes over her jeans, just to get things back under control.

6:48. She was in an impossible situation, make her train or pee. As the surge retreated, she felt a renewed confidence. She had always had a good bladder, surviving many bursting situations without ever losing a drop. Always maintaining her dignity while her friends or siblings were loudly complaining about how badly they needed to go or dancing all around. The urge she had just felt was just how it always was when she came home needing to go bad. She had it under control and while she would be miserable, having to deal with a full bladder on a train ride was better than ruining her whole night for a dumb pee.

She quickly grabbed her bag from her bedroom and re appeared up front, where Marc immediately stood up. “That was quick, did you go to the bathroom already?” he inquired.

“Kelsey and her boyfriend are in there showing - it’s fine, I’ll just go when I get to Jen’s”

Part 2 coming soon

*001*2022-07-26 21:38

CHAPTER 2:

As Marc pulled his car up to the train station, Marissa was wondering if she had made a mistake.

“Is everything okay Marissa?” Marc asked her sweetly “You’ve been really quiet, I hope you’re not upset with me”

“I’m fine sorry” Marissa mumbled, barely able to hear Marc over the searing pain coming from her abdomen. “Just stressed about making the train and I really need to use the bathroom. Once I get to Jen’s I’ll be fine.”

“Ok sweetheart” Marc cooed, leaning over to give her a kiss on the head. “Text me when you get there”

“Will do” Marissa replied as she stepped out of the car, nearly doubling over as soon as she was back on her feet. 30 minutes she thought to herself as she grabbed her bag and started quickly walking toward the platform. 30 minutes and I’ll be on Jen’s toilet.

Dropping her bag on a bench, she crossed her legs tightly as she looked up and down the tracks. No sign of the train. She checked the time, 6:59. She had just made it.

After all the anxiety about the arrival of this train, now she absolutely couldn’t wait for it to come. She remained standing in front of her bag, just slightly bent over with her legs crossed, trying her hardest to act like she wasn’t fantasizing about dropping her jeans and unleashing a flood on this platform.

7:00. 7:01, 7:02, 7:03. Where was this fucking train? So many times she had missed this same train by a minute, and now the one night she had sacrificed her bladder to make absolutely sure she was on time, it had to be late.

7:06, 7:07, 7:08.

Marissa was going out of her mind, her bladder completely full, her peehole throbbing. Why was this happening to her? She could have just waited for her roommate to get out of the bathroom if she knew the train was going to be this late. She tried to turn her thoughts to the movie, watching the time was only making it worse. But when she looked back down at her phone, only 2 minutes had passed.

“Excuse me” she said to a main who had been sitting on the platform before she arrived “You’re waiting for the 7 right?”

“Yep” he confirmed “been here since 6:50, it just seems to be running late”

No shit, Marissa thought to herself as she thanked the man and tried to maintain her composure. She had conflicted feelings about this news. On one hand, she was glad she hadn’t missed her train, on the other hand, some part of her was hoping that she had missed the train, so she could just find a place to pee. There were no bathrooms around here, but she’d gladly Uber to a gas station at this point.

7:14. Marissa was contemplating all of her options. She knew her friends would be mad at her, but she was seriously considering just leaving the platform, finding a place to pee, then just going home. She was clenching so much she was beginning to feel sore, and her bladder felt like it was actually going to explode inside of her. A 30 minute journey to Jen’s house just wasn’t going to be doable at this point. She could feel the pee right at the edge of her peehole, this was ridiculous.

7:15. Marissa walked to the back of the platform and looked down in to the parking lot. She was going to pee there. There was a row of cars next to the tree line at the back of the lot. She had reached that point, anything to rid herself of the agony she was enduring. But as she wrapped her hand around the strap of her bag to pick it up, she heard a honk in the distance, and looked back to see the train rounding the curve and approaching the station.

Now she had a decision to make, there was no way she could pee and make the train now. Could she really do this? 30 minutes. 30 minutes ago she’d been at home outside her bathroom. She was tired of the agony, but supposed if she could hold until now, she could hold it another 30 minutes. Then again, getting on a bathroomless train already on the verge of wetting your jeans didn’t seem like a responsible adult thing to do.

The trained pulled in and the doors hissed open. Decision time. Fuck it, she thought to herself with a quiet moan. She’d held it before, she could do it again. She grabbed her bag and stepped on to the train.

Quickly finding an empty row, Marissa unbuttoned her jeans before she even sat down and let out a gasp of relief as she felt her bladder physically expand out in to the space the button had vacated. In the cover of the seats, she went a bit further and partially unzipped her jeans as well before sitting down and pulling her bag over her crossed legs.

The train began to move and Marissa pulled out her phone, 7:17. She opened a new message to Martia and started typing “Hey, I’m on the train now, it’s running about 15-20…” No no, she couldn’t afford for Martia to be late at all, she needed her to be there the second she got off. “just a couple minutes late, should be there around 7:30”.

Putting her phone down Marissa tried to look out the window and focus on anything other than the pain emanating from her bladder. She was pretty sure this was now the worst she’d ever needed to pee in her life. Everything down there was literally throbbing and her concern was growing that she may actually wet her pants.

The train made its first stop, 2 more then hers. Marissa checked the time, 7:23, it felt like it had been so much longer. As the train pulled away, she discreetly worked her right hand slowly down her pants and gave her aching, frantic pussy another squeeze. God, that helped so much. Her panties were slightly damp, she definitely had not let any out, it must just be sweat from the effort of holding it all in.

Several more minutes and the next stop on the line went by as a blur for Marissa as the outside world seemed to melt away in favor of the pressure emanating from between Marissa’s legs. 3 fingers on her right hand remained locked between her lips, slowly but constantly massaging her tortured sphincter. The gusset of her pale blue panties was lost inside her, her fingers covered in what at this point was an unknown moisture.

Marissa’s trance was suddenly broken by the vibration of her phone, she picked her head up off the window of the train and looked down, 7:31, Martia had just texted her back to her her know she had arrived at the station. The train began to slow as it prepared to make its final stop before Marissa’s. She looked back out the window as the platform came in to view. Why didn’t these damn stations have public bathrooms? She thought about getting off anyway, to desperately search for a place to squat.

As the train stopped, she pictured herself getting off and just letting go straight in to her jeans. If she was given the option to just do it, to just pee in her pants and magically teleport home, she would have gladly taken it. No stupid movie night was worth the pain she was feeling now. She was starting to feel nauseous. Like the pee was just going to come up through her stomach and right out of her eye sockets. As she toiled in her agony, almost paralyzed by the pain, the doors hissed and the train started moving again. 7:33, probably about 10 more minutes to her stop. Surely she would just pee her pants. There was no away she was actually going to sit in the car and hold it till Jen’s.

Why the hell had she been so arrogant? Sure she’d had desperate moments, like anyone, but she had always been relatively responsible about this sort of thing. Always peeing before leaving home, managing her liquid intake if she knew she’d have no chance of a toilet. She’d popped a few emergency squats before, especially when drinking, but even then it was always discrete. She was such an idiot, getting on this train when she’d drank so much and already needed to go so bad. 7:35.

Marissa had never been the religious type, but she started to pray. Please let this end she thought to herself. She’d do anything, She’d become a better person, she would never let herself get in to this situation again. Anything, just please please let a toilet somehow materialize in the next few minutes, oh not even a toilet, just a semi private place to go, anything that could end this pain without the ultimate humiliation of a flooded pair of pale blue jeans.

7:40 now, Marissa was recognizing her home town, the train had made good time and was just a couple minutes from her station. For the first time since she had sat down, she began to come to terms with the fact that she might actually walk off this train with dry pants. She needed a plan. She knew this station well. It had no good places to squat. The platform overlooked one side of the parking lot and a large apartment building with security cameras overlooked the other side. A few of her friends had considered it on the way home from a night out before but she had never seen it pulled off.

She checks her texts again, Martia had texted her to let she know she had pulled off in to one of the parking spaces to wait.

7:41, the train begins to slow, Marissa looks down, no way she’s buttoning up her pants again, she’s not even sure how she’s going to manage without her hand down there. She feels gross, covered in sweat and like she needs to change and shower.

She stands up, oh god, some definitely came out. She actually peed her pants. This can’t be actually happening to her. She runs to the door, standing straight up against it so no one can see as she buries a hand back in to her crotch. The doors open, her hand stays. Out on to the platform, everything is a blur, she doesn’t care how she looks. She sees Martia’s car immediately and makes straight for it, throwing open the passenger door, she tosses her bag in and then dives in after it. As soon as the door closes behind her she pulls her undone jeans down her thighs enough that she can get both hands in, leaning forward she pushes down as hard as she can. She can already see a few stray drops on the Martia’s leather seat.

“Riss what the he-“

“I’m sorry Marti I have to pee so bad I need you to drive the car PLEASE”

“So the others already left for the theater and we’re going to meet them there since you were running late”

That was not even going to be remotely possible, the theater was 20 minutes away. “Marti you don’t understand I’m peeing my pants I already peed on my hands I need you to get me to a toilet or fuck anywhere I can pee Marti please just fucking drive the car out of this fucking parking lot NOW!”

“Okay okay just hang on Riss” Martia responded, with a mixture of shock and amusement in her expression.

Marissa had tears rolling down her face now as her friend quickly drove out of the parking lot and accelerated rapidly down the main road. Just a moment later pulling in to the gas station parking lot.

“Park over there” Marissa sobbed, beckoning to the far corner of the lot near a line of trees

“But don’t you want me to drop you off near the doo-“

“PARK OVER THERE”

Martia did as commanded and drove the car to the back of the lot, before she could even get the car in to park Marissa had manually unlocked the door and practically collapsed out. As soon as her feet hit the pavement the flood began. Marissa pushed her jeans a bit further down her thighs and dropped in to a squat, flooding her blue panties immediately and unleashing a thundering torrent on to the ground. She used one hand to pull the gusset out of the way but it was largely pointless. She took deep breaths as she dropped her head in to her remaining hand and let herself relax.

She was furious with herself for getting in to this situation, but for now was just savoring the intense relief. Her relief went on and on for nearly 90 seconds as Martia looked nervously around the parking lot until Marissa finally pulled her pants back up and surveyed the damage. Her panties were obviously drenched but somehow her jeans had mostly avoided the splash zone, with just a few stray wet spots on the back near the waistband. She wiped the tears off her face as she bent over and leaned against the car door to collect herself. From this position, she could see how massive her puddle was, spanning from the front wheel of Martia’s car to the back and in some places pooling in the gaps in the asphalt.

She looked up and saw Martia giving her a sympathetic smile as she dabbed up the stray drops of pee from her seat with a napkin.

“I’m sorry” Marissa gasped out, still panting from the exhaustion of her ordeal.

“Don’t even worry about it, are you okay?”

“Yeah” Marissa said weakly as she climbed back in to the car “I’m a bit um… wet though”. This admission normally would have made her blush, but her face could not possibly get any redder.

“Yeah” Martia said awkwardly “We can stop by my place really quick and you can rinse off and change before the movie, I’m sure there will be like, 30 minutes of previews anyway”

“Thank you Mar, you’re a lifesaver”

“You were always the Iron Bladder in our crew, that must have been a really tough train ride”

“You have no idea” Marissa sighed in response as the car pulled away, leaving being a small lake on the pavement for all to see.

For the first time in a while, Marissa looked at her phone, 7:48. She had an unread text from Marc. “Make it there okay?”

“Yep!” Marissa responded, adding a few heart emojis, even though she knew that was not exactly true.

