I Just Peed My Pants!

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2017-12-27 23:04

You guys, I just peed my pants!

Like, full out. Not a sneezing-fit-sprinkle or something. A total massively over-full bladder worth. Fuck me.

So obviously I am going to overshare and tell you all about it. Maybe stop reading at this point if you aren't keen on all the gory details.

OK?

OK.

This is not the story of what I might call an excusable wetting. I know a couple of friends who are probably still reading at this point have had an "accident" themselves. Without naming names there wasn't a lot you guys could do. It wasn't your fault. Five hour traffic jams on the bicentennial bridge happen. Laughing fits with a bladder full of Shiraz on your friend's hand-woven rug happen. No shame there. :p I, on the other hand, have no such reasonable excuse. My little disaster was an inexcusable wetting.

I can see you all nodding at me. I can hear your thoughts, "if anyone is going to piss her pants it would be Jen."

"She always waits until the last possible second, obviously she pees herself sometimes." Well, I'll have you know, I haven't wet myself in more than twenty years. Except for about an hour ago.

Anyway. Lets get cracking on how this particular humiliating moment went down.

I was fucking around on my computer. A little bit of email, a little bit of pinterest, a little big of drafting a blog post, a big bit of facebook. Sunday afternoon social media. I needed to pee for like two hours or something stupid like that but... you know me... I put it off until I was full on busting. Like writhing around in my chair hand between my legs busting. I told you I was going to overshare. Eventually it got to the point where I just had to say to myself, "Jen! Go to the fucking toilet before you piss all over the floor you dirty bitch!" You know. What you guys would say to me in more or less the same language.

So I got up and walked toward the bathroom. Now if you've been to my house you'll know you have to walk though the kitchen to get to the toilet. When I got to the kitchen I realised that I was actually really thirsty. I always get thirsty when I'm busting to pee actually. Is that just me? Whatever. Since I'm me I decided I'd have a drink first. Since I was already in the kitchen. Face palm. So I poured myself a glass of water from the sink and drank it with my legs all double crossed and bouncy. But when I went to put my glass in the dishwasher I noticed it still needed to be unpacked.

A normal person would go pee and then come back to unpack the dishwasher, right? Not me! I was doing the full-on pee dance as I rushed to put away my dishes, and cups, and random kitchen shit with shaking hands. Finally I finished and went to the bathroom. Where I noticed that I hadn't put the washing machine on yet. Did I go pee first? I did not. I went and gathered up all the clothes from my bedroom floor and shoved them in the washer, turned on the taps, put the powder in the little pop-out tray thing, went to shut the door and...

Noticed that I'd dropped a pair of undies on the bathroom floor where I'd tried to cram everything in the machine at once. So I squatted down to pick them up.

That's when I peed myself. I couldn't do anything about it. It was Niagara Falls in my pants. I just squatted there on my bathroom floor. Two meters from the toilet. And full-on pissed myself. God damn.

Luckily I was right in front of the washing machine I still hadn't turned on. So that was handy. Also I guess no one would have ever found out about my little misadventure if I hadn't jumped straight back on my computer to blog about it. And by "straight" I mean after a ten minute hot shower and a thorough floor bleaching.

So that's my afternoon. Let me know in the comments how unsurprised you are that this would happen to me and if you've ever had an excusable or inexcusable pants-peeing of your own!

Xx Jen

*004*2017-12-30 14:26

{{On 12/28/2017 at 10:28 AM, Melificentfan said:

What a great story

}}

Thanks!

{{On 12/28/2017 at 3:54 PM, Manowar said:

Fantastic story. It remind me when I played The Sims. I always made my sims do something instead of going to the loo.

}}

I did that as well. Pretty much all I did with The Sims actually.

{{On 12/28/2017 at 9:02 PM, Indigo said:

Love it!

}}

Thanks! I remember lurking on WHP years and years ago and being thrilled to see you'd posted a new story. Night Train is one of my all time favourite omo stories. Totally weird having you comment on my stuff a decade or so later. :)

*006*2017-12-30 22:15

{{5 hours ago, Indigo said:

Just for you, Katy, I'll post it again here! Nut it's called "Night Mail", not "Night Train".

}}

Ugh. Too late at night. I theoretically remembered that. :p Thanks for posting it!

