Chained up Spheal

Author: Walnut

*000*2014-11-08 00:08

I'm sorry if this sounds rushed, because it probably does.

Indigo, a female Spheal pokemorph, sat on an ice chair in her home, which was an iceberg. She and her friends, Alice (a Milotic pokemorph), and Isabelle (a Samurott pokemorph) had carved out an iceberg for them all to live in. All the furniture was made of ice, too. Indigo lived in the tower. Isabelle lived on the beach in a tiny igloo. Alice had carved a series of caves underwater, on the bottom side of the iceberg.

As always, Indigo was wearing a black bikini. It had a triangle bikini top and a g-string bottom. Since saying/typing/reading “bikini bottoms” all the time gets tedious, I will refer to them as “panties”. She stared blankly off the balcony, cold arctic wind whipping her blue-and-white DD cup breasts, her slim waist, her long legs, and every other part of her 17-year-old figure. Indigo realized that her stomach was growling, so she broke her gaze away from the bleak midday sky and slid down the spiral ice banister leading all the way down the tower. Her flipper-like feet slapped across newly fallen snow towards the water’s edge. Crystal clear waves lapped against the shore, and Indigo dove in.

Indigo felt energy race through her body. This was where she was meant to be! Swimming in the sea, eating jellyfish, watching octopi/octopuses, and doing whatever else she felt like doing. Indigo tried to blend into the waves, watching for her favorite food. Finally! A pink, translucent jellyfish with ribbonlike tentacles floated past. Indigo used Body Slam, bubbles erupting in the water. The jellyfish met its untimely demise. Indigo took a ladylike bite of a non-poisonous part of the jellyfish. “Mmm, not bad.”

It was afternoon when Indigo reached the mainland and ran to an ice cave onshore. Indigo blinked, flurries of snow hitting her eyes. Indigo yawned softly. She curled up in the small cavern, exhausted, soon falling into a deep sleep.

Indigo awoke to see the sun setting just outside the ice cave. She tried to stretch her arms, but realized this was impossible. Her arms and all of her upper body-except for her breasts and head-had been nailed to the wall with several uses of Body Slam and Ice Ball. Indigo had obviously been captured by a gang of Spheals. Alice and Isabelle will find me.

Indigo felt a jolt of pain in her bladder. Cringing, she calculated. She had not relieved herself in 7 hours! Luckily, Indigo’s legs had not been restrained, so she drove her right foot against her crotch. Squirming uncomfortably, she desperately hoped her friends would arrive soon.

Indigo’s bladder yelled at her. Urine threatened to slip past her bladder muscles if she didn’t find relief soon. Whimpering, Indigo ground both feet against her panties. She then saw two tall, large-breasted, slim-waisted, tall, feminine silhouettes approach the silhouettes of Indigo’s captors. They looked to be Indigo’s best friends, Alice and Isabelle. Suddenly, a bit of urine leaked out of Indigo’s bladder, dampening her panties.

Outside, Alice and Isabelle were challenging the gang of two Spheals to a proper Pokemon battle. Alice waltzed over to the first Spheal. Alice was roughly six feet tall, had quadruple D cup breasts, and 3 black spots going up her slim waist. She was quite noticeably muscular as well. Alice’s long, mermaid-like tail had the normal gorgeous, glimmering red and blue hexagons. She had the same red appendages on her head as all other Milotics.

Alice approached one of the Spheals who had accepted her request for a battle. Having no room for courtesy as her friend was possibly in danger, Alice took the first move. It was “Waterfall”. She raised a wave out of the sea, splashing and curling. Alice levitated the water above the Spheal’s head. Alice cringed, as the water reminded her of her need to urinate. She deposited the water on the Spheal. The attack did 60 damage, lowering the Spheal’s HP (previously 70) to 10. He used “Ice Ball” against Alice. A block of ice was lifted from the ground, and was thrown at Alice’s head. Pain seared through Alice’s body as the hunk of frozen water bruised her skull, lowering her HP to 110. It was originally 130. Seething, Alice used “Waterfall” again. This Knocked Out the Spheal, and Alice waited impatiently in her red bikini for Isabelle to finish off the other Spheal as she shifted her legs rapidly.

Isabelle was wearing a yellow bikini. She’s a Samurott pokemorph. She had a figure much like Alice’s, but she had a yellow appendage on her head sort of like a bun, a short dolphin-like tail, white fluff on her neck, and spiky yellow armor on her arms and legs. She quickly finished off the other Spheal and she went with Alice into the ice cave.

Indigo whined as another bit of urine slid past her tightly shut lips, running down her legs and some saturating her panties, then dribbling to the ground. Alice and Isabelle approached her. Alice was desperate to pee and Isabelle was exhausted from the previous battle, so it was taking a really long time for the pair to release Indigo from her bindings. Another spurt escaped Indigo’s bladder, splashing onto the ground. Steam rose from the tiny puddle the piss created. She gasped and wailed as an accident began. Indigo had moved her feet away from her crotch and was kneeling now, having completely given up.

Pee found its way out of Indigo’s panties, which were clinging to her pussy and buttocks. Hot urine flowed in streams down Indigo’s legs, pooling at her knees. Urine poured out of Indigo, splashing onto the ground. The pools of urine under Indigo’s crotch and both legs joined together to make one enormous puddle. Indigo kept wetting for about three minutes. By that time, Alice and Isabelle had freed Indigo and were giving her strange looks. Alice crossed her legs and hobbled out of the cave, mumbling “Gottapeegottapeegottapee!”

Alice happened to feel naughty that particular evening. She rushed through the freshly fallen snow to the Spheal she had Knocked Out. She pulled his jaws apart so that his mouth gaped open. She squatted over his mouth and pulled her glittery tail aside. Alice sighed in relief as the floodgates opened, hot piss falling through her tightly clenched lips, saturating her panties, and directly into the Spheal’s mouth. The urine spattered as it first hit the Spheal’s tongue, than became a calm liquid-hitting-liquid sound as Alice continued to urinate. Pee began to overflow the Spheal’s mouth. Alice was finished in five minutes or so, and returned to her friends. They went back to the iceberg.

