The Object

Author: wether

*000*2025-04-21 05:23

Zofia stood in the center of the white room, surrounded by a sea of gazes that pierced her like pins. Her white dress, sewn from thin, almost translucent cotton, reached mid-thigh, loosely draping her slender frame. Sleeveless, with a boat neckline, it was minimalist, ascetic, as if Zofia wanted to become a sculpture. The slightly stiff fabric accentuated her vulnerability as the spotlight’s glare shone through the material. Beneath, she wore simple, white cotton panties—modest, almost childlike, chosen deliberately to not distract from the essence of the performance. Without a bra, her silhouette was raw, almost naked in its simplicity. Seven hours. Seven hours as an object, a blank canvas for others’ desires. “I’m ready,” she thought before the performance, dreaming of Marina Abramović’s greatness. But now, halfway through the fifth hour, her body had become an enemy, and her mind a labyrinth of doubts.

On the table beside her gleamed objects: a feather, lipstick, a rope, scissors, a kitchen knife, its blade glinting ominously under the halogens. The beginning was almost magical. Someone brushed her cheek with the feather, leaving a shiver on her skin. An older woman in a beret drew a heart on her palm with lipstick, whispering, “You’re brave.” Zofia felt like an idea, superhuman. But then the mood shifted. Three men in leather jackets, with cigarette breath and eyes gleaming from alcohol, began circling her. One, with a scar above his brow, grabbed the scissors, opening and closing the blades with a metallic click. “What’d you do if we cut you a bit, huh?” he taunted, his buddies cackling. Another, with a snake tattoo on his neck, stepped closer, too close. “Nice dress. Maybe I’ll slice it open?” he whispered, grazing the hem. Zofia didn’t flinch, but inside, she was screaming. “Don’t look at them. You’re an object.”

But the worst was something else. Her bladder. A burning need that started as a whisper after the third hour and now screamed. “Why did I drink two coffees? Why that water?” she berated herself silently. Before the performance, she’d worried about dehydration, about not fainting. She hadn’t anticipated this human error. She clenched her muscles, tightened her thighs, trying to trick her body. “Breathe slowly. In, out.” But the thought of relief—running to the bathroom, cold tiles underfoot—was torment. “Marina endured,” she repeated, though she wasn’t sure if it was true. The audience watched. Some with fascination, others with disgust. Someone whispered, “This is sick.” Zofia wanted to vanish, but she stood. “Show must go on.”

Then, halfway through the fifth hour, the worst happened. The man with the tattoo threw an apple at her. The fruit struck her shoulder with a dull thud and fell to the floor. The crowd froze, then sharp laughter rang out, cutting like glass. Zofia felt a heat in her lower abdomen—a brief, uncontrollable loss of control. She leaked. A thin trickle ran down her leg, warm and humiliating. Her face betrayed her—lips quivered, brows furrowed in a grimace of effort. “No, please, not now,” she begged silently, clenching her muscles harder. She held on, barely. The stain on her dress was visible, and her panties, now damp, clung to her skin, irritating intimate places.

The audience saw. The men in jackets snickered. “Look, she pissed herself!” whispered the one with the scar, pointing. His friend snorted, “What, little girl, couldn’t hold it?” The scissors in his hand glinted as he gestured. An older man with a graying beard and a patronizing smile stepped closer. “Hey, kid, you wet yourself? Want to change your panties?” he asked, his tone a slap. The crowd tittered, some covertly, covering their mouths, others openly, pointing. Zofia flushed, heat blazing across her face. “Don’t react. Don’t give them satisfaction,” she repeated, though shame burned like fire. Another trickle ran down her leg. And another. Her panties were no longer damp—they were wet, uncomfortably sticky, and the stain on her dress grew. “I won’t give up.”

Then something shifted. A middle-aged woman with gentle eyes and a woolen shawl stepped forward from the crowd. Her steps were slow, almost ceremonial. Without a word, she draped her shawl over Zofia, covering the wet stain. “You don’t have to endure this alone,” she whispered, her voice trembling with empathy. Zofia, though unable to respond, felt a spark in her heart. Moments later, a petite girl with a braid, in a loose sweater, knelt and loosened the rope binding Zofia’s ankles. “This isn’t fair, what they’re doing,” she muttered, looking up. Her eyes burned with anger but also compassion.

An older couple, standing aside, began to whisper. The woman in an elegant coat gripped her husband’s arm. “We should do something, Jan. That child is suffering,” she said softly. “You’re right, but what? Those young idiots…” he replied, glancing at the men with scissors. “Maybe it’s enough to show not everyone’s like that,” his wife answered. She approached the table, took the feather, and gently brushed Zofia’s hand. “You’re brave,” she said, her voice wavering. A young man in glasses, clutching a notebook as if he were an art critic, approached timidly. He pulled out a handkerchief and offered it to Zofia, though he knew she couldn’t take it. “This… it’s real. Don’t let them break you,” he said, retreating, embarrassed. These small, sincere gestures were like a shield.

But not everyone was kind. The man with the scar, toying with the scissors, growled, “What, now you’re all gonna babysit her?” His friends laughed. “Maybe we’ll cut that dress, show what’s underneath,” he added, his eyes glinting with malicious fascination. Zofia felt fear choke her throat, but her body was the worst enemy. Her bladder screamed. She clenched her muscles, tightened her abdomen, trying to defy physiology. “Breathe. Don’t think about the bathroom.” But the thought of relief was torture. Her wet panties chafed her skin; every drop she held back cost her more strength. “Marina did this. I can too,” she repeated, though doubts strangled her. “What if this is a farce? What if they remember me as the girl who pissed herself?” She thought of her mentor, Marta: “Art is sacrifice.” Of her mother, who wouldn’t understand. Of the knife, the scissors, the crowd.

The seventh hour arrived like mercy. Zofia, trembling, with a wet dress and soaked panties, left the room, looking at no one. She ran to the gallery’s bathroom, her steps unsteady, as if her body had forgotten how to move. She slammed the door, threw herself onto the toilet, tearing off the damp dress that clung to her thighs. But… nothing. Her body, clenched for hours in desperate struggle, refused to obey. Her bladder throbbed with pain, as if red-hot needles pierced her abdomen, but her muscles, taut as steel, wouldn’t yield. Zofia buried her face in her hands, fingers trembling, as hot, unstoppable tears streamed down her cheeks. “Why now? After all this?” she thought, as shame, physical pain, and emotional agony intertwined in torment. Every breath was a battle, every cramp in her abdomen a torture. She wanted to scream, but only a quiet, choked sob escaped her throat.

Finally, after an eternity, the first drop came. Then a second, a fifth—a halting, timid stream, each sound an echo of her humiliation. Zofia took a deep breath, a second, a third, begging her body for mercy. Slowly, as if hesitantly, the stream strengthened, then surged with full force. It lasted long—five, maybe ten minutes, like a punishment that also liberated. The relief was painful, each spasm a reminder of her body’s betrayal, the stain on her dress, the crowd’s laughter.

When it finally stopped, Zofia sat motionless, exhausted, her wet panties still clinging to her skin. But in that silence, in that small, sterile stall, she felt something unexpected—freedom. She wasn’t Marina Abramović. She was Zofia—an artist who gave everything, even her dignity, to prove that art is a struggle. With the body that betrayed her. With the crowd that wounded her. With herself, who wanted to give up. “Show must go on,” she whispered, and her voice, though broken, carried triumph. This was her victory, etched in pain and tears, but undeniable.

