A Fun Writing Exercise That You Should Definitely Do With Me

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2019-01-13 02:14

Often enough people want to write a story. But they can't think of a particularly good plot. Or a good way to execute a plot. Or don't have the motivation or time to commit to the hours it takes to write and edit a "proper" story. Particularly since stories can sometimes get swept off the front page here quickly enough that they get missed by a large chunk of their potential audience.

But! If you have half an hour to spare you can write a quick little story with a fun writing exercise that I sometimes use. I call it Writing-On-A-Roll but it has plenty of other names, whatever. The point is you roll a die a few times, compare the results to the handy table I'll make below, then spend exactly 30 minutes working on a story that you've been given the prompts for. There are online dice rolling simulators if you don't have a physical one handy. Just google "dice roller".

Then post whatever you get done in 30 minutes. You should definitely post it. The more people who do the more people will feel comfortable sharing. It doesn't have to have great structure, or be well edited, or be long. Just whatever you manage. Maybe it'll inspire you to spend a bit more time on it and make it into a standalone story, maybe it'll get your mind and motivation working on something else, maybe it'll just be a thing you did for 30 minutes one time.

It's worth reading over the table first and replacing anything you really wouldn't want to write about. The point is to write about something that isn't your usual focus/interest, but not something completely unappealing. Finally, this is the honour system. You get one set of rolls and 30 minutes, play fair.

Character

1. You, exactly you.

2. An exhausted waitress

3. An irritated scientist

4. A tipsy actress

5. A bubbly young parent

6. A bossy reporter

Setting

1. A small town during a thunderstorm

2. A space station during a rare astronomical event

3. A cruise ship in the middle of the ocean

4. A busy city street during a festival

5. A vehicle crossing the desert

6. A party with no one that you know

Climax

1. "Just made it"

2. "Private accidental wetting"

3. "Semi-public accidental wetting"

4. "Very public accidental wetting"

5. "Private deliberate wetting"

6. "Public deliberate wetting"

*001*2019-01-13 02:49

I Rolled 1,6,6. So I need to write a story about publicly wetting myself at a party with no one that I know. In 30 minutes. Go.

I lean back against the door jam and let the unfamiliar music wash over me. The clatter of unintelligible conversations and the clinking, thumping, jumble of party. The thrum of cicadas almost inaudible for the first time in weeks.

I don't know anyone here. Which is good! Because if I did know anyone there is absolutely no way I could possibly go through with this. I've always wanted to. But I've never had the guts. Even now I'm not sure I do.

I nervously swallow another gulp of cider. It's my fourth, i should be tipsy but I'm still so, so nervous. Not just because it's a party and I'm on my own. Not just because I'm not exactly invited to this party. But because my bladder is very, very full and I have absolutely no intention of finding the bathroom.

I have done this before. But only in places where there was almost no chance anyone could see me. Late at night on a quiet street, a park with no one within fifty meters of me. But today... is different. Today I am going to wait until my bladder bursts in front of people. A lot of people. I'm wearing a black skirt that doesn't really show wetness. But it is going to be right in front of people so... my heart is pounding.

I finish my cider and grab another on the way to the deck off the back of the house. I'm not going to deliberately pee on someones carpet. The music is a little quieter out here. The cicadas much louder; the ghost gums are close enough to reach out and touch.

I'm dying to pee. I try not to make that too obvious as I neck half my cider. I'm always nervous about finding bathrooms in unfamiliar places and habitually leave it to the last minute even though I almost always definitely want to go before I get uncomfortable and worried about having an accident.

Now I would be really worried about finding the bathroom in time. I would be able to, almost certainly, but if there was a queue I could be in trouble. But, of course, it doesn't matter. Because today I'm just going to wet myself.

I look around to see if anyone is paying attention and accidentally make eye contact with a woman, around my age and not talking to anyone. To my horror she walks over to me. I'm almost pissing myself. I want to wet myself in front of people but not while I'm literally talking to someone.

"Hey? The cicadas are crazy loud huh?" She starts a little small talk. I'm pretty distracted but she isn't giving up on me easily.

Because she is looking right at me I feel like I need to act like I don't need to pee. Otherwise why wouldn't I be looking for the bathroom? But that makes it so much worse. To know I can't pee dance.

The cicadas might be crazy loud but she looks down the instant my pee starts splattering on the decking. I just burst. I do that when I lose control. Flood. She looks back up at me all concern while I'm still going. Trying to work out if I'm drunk, or sick, or crazy.

I lie quickly though my eyes are filling with very real embarrassed tears, "Oh my God... I'm so, so sorry. I thought I could wait a bit longer and."

She touches my shoulder briefly and lightly while subtlety stepping to cover me from the rest of the deck. "Totally OK. Want me to call a car or something?"

*005*2019-01-30 14:16

{{On 1/13/2019 at 2:46 PM, DrBorderline said:

(1-6-2. I accept your challenge, d6.)

(Slight variation on the setting but I hope it still qualifies.)

}}

We nearly rolled the same! The settings are really just prompts, anything qualifies Loved the story!

{{On 1/13/2019 at 8:59 PM, Ranpalan said:

Sounds good. I'll replace "1. You, exactly you" with "1. Your last partner" for privacy's sake. Also, just a suggestion, maybe replace "waitress" with "waiter/waitress"? The rest are all non-gender-specific.

}}

You know I actually nearly put "your last partner" in there. But then I was like, "actually *I* don't want to write that one!" I totally encourage that substitution. Actress was gendered as well. Without getting into a OT discussion I personally find writing "male noun/female noun" unwieldy and resent male terms being the default otherwise. People should defo pick whatever gender that prefer to write, or maybe flip a coin if they don't mind overly!

It was really cool how you tied in both the space and cruise ship prompts.

{{On 1/26/2019 at 10:22 PM, remos6 said:

I had 2, 3, and 1, so that's an exhausted waitress, on a cruise ship in the middle of the ocean, just making it. Nor what I would typically go for, but not beyond the realms of possibility.

So there we go. I cheated a little on the time front and the structure/balance is pretty poor but I guess that is to be expected given the challenge. I have at least succeeded in writing on a topic that is not usual for me, but most importantly have actually managed to write and post some fiction on Omo.org. Thank you very much for the challenge Katy

}}

It's pretty hard to get structure right in half an hour! Or how ever long Glad inspired you to write a story. I liked it a lot!

Also! For anyone else reading this, the stories have been great so far from everyone but don't let the super high bar put you off from writing and posting your own story. This sort of thing is really good practice and it's lower pressure that writing a stand-alone story. If you've got half an hour and any interest in writing I'd love to read what you've got.

Now I'll roll up another one of my own...

###

"Are you ready?" I ask. My cameraman gives me the "I'm definitely not ready" signal with one hand.

"For fucks sake Carlene... We only have a few minutes!" I snap irritably.

I'm not really sure what's happening in a few minutes, only that it only happens every few hundred years. I can read my feed I don't need to know about space stuff. The words are all prepared for me by one of the writers back in Toronto. There wasn't even a good reason for the station to send me and Carlene up into orbit, we could have green-screened it. But it's not like it's a huge deal anymore. So here I am. In space. Doing a report on a... comet? Something is transiting something. Whatever. I'm well aware I got this assignment because I'm pretty, instead of something important. Also... I need to pee super badly. So I really want the meteor to do its thing so I can go to the restroom already.

The main viewing window is packed with people. But that doesn't matter, we actually want the crowd to be the backdrop for the shot. There'll be other feeds showing... the sun..? the moon? In glorious 16K. I'm commenting on the fact that hundreds of people actually went into space for a slightly better view of whatever is meant to be happening. And possibly pissing myself live on the air.

I drink too much coffee. I'm not going to lie, it's got me in trouble before. My bladder isn't the best. But I'm good at keeping it together so people don't notice.

Carlene throws me the "ten seconds" signal with visible relief on her face as she must have established the hookup. I immediately queue up my part on my feed. I can see the little "critically overfull bladder" icon flashing in the top right. I minimize it because I do not need the reminder.

The piece goes well. I pronounce everything perfectly and the people at the window get all excited at the right time. I guess the thing happened. Also I didn't pee my pants with three and a half million viewers watching live. I'm pretty sure no one would have even noticed I'm pretty much about to. Pee my pants that is.

"We done?" I ask. There better not be some sort of follow up I didn't remember. But to my relief Carlene is folding away her equipment.

"All done. Good copy. We are on the first shuttle back but want a coffee?"

"Yep. Restroom first though!" I reply and race off before Carlene has time to say anything else. And more importantly before anyone near the window has time to beat me to the ladies room. I'm not going to make it if I have to wait in a queue.

Thankfully the "Welcome to Bleeker" app has real time mapping software and I can just follow it to the nearest restrooms. I'm terrible at navigating on my own. Even more thankfully while I'm not the only person needing a post "rare astronomical event" pee I've got there quick enough there is a vacant stall. I move quickly and get my panties down just in time to use the toilet properly and not all over the tiled floor.

I tidy myself up, wash my hands and go to see if Carlene has my coffee yet.

Went to space. Filed a stupid story. Didn't pee my pants. 7/10 day I'd say.

$

*010*2019-05-29 12:04

{{14 hours ago, remos6 said:

It's been a fair while since we've been fortunate enough to enjoy your writing Katy. Hopefully just a lack of time, motivation, or a new plot idea to pique interest, rather than being symptomatic of something outside the little bubble of this community. I'm one to talk - if I recall, the gap between the story I wrote for this thread and my previous is in the region of 5 years... Here's hoping that the right circumstances and perhaps inspiration come again soon

}}

Mostly time Remos6 :) I’m actually doing really well! However, I’ve been pretty morning sick lately and I have a toddler and a job! *And* I’m getting my floors redone so I’m up every night trying to pack stuff after family has gone to sleep! Busy! I’ve only logged on here a couple of times in the last few months (shear chance it’s been 14hrs since your comment).

I have a list of ideas I want to write. Not sure when I’ll get the chance though. An uniterupted hour isn’t really a thing for me atm :p Which is a bit frustrating!

But thanks for checking up on me :)

