Star Wars Female Omorashi

Author: Who Cares?

*000*2017-02-07 23:12

This is the first time I've written something like this, so apologize if it doesn't live up to the usual standard. That said, if you want to give me any advice on how to improve I'd really appreciate it, in case I ever decide to do something like this in the future. Feel free to skip the first bit if you're already familiar with Star Wars.

Jakku was the junkyard of the galaxy. It was incredibly dry, deadly hot, and a popular dumping ground for broken down ships and other unwanted vehicles or technology. There was hardly any plant life, in fact one of the only things that grew on the planet was the population of the scavengers and bandits. It was surprising that a world with a surface made entirely of sand had as many visitors and natives as it did. Considering the facts that the sun was scorching hot and caused countless scavengers to die of heat stroke, water was so scarce that it had to be extracted from deep under the surface, and that there were large Sinking Fields in which the sand would swallow unwary travellers, it’s amazing that Jakku has not yet been entirely abandoned.

It seems as though there are some in the galaxy who have no idea where to go. A galaxy full of beautiful and lush worlds, worlds with amazing civilizations with unique and wonderful cultures, worlds with ancient artifacts and secrets from a time long ago. Yet there are some who waste their days on planets such as Jakku, no beautiful environments or cities, no kind and interesting people to meet, just sand and rusted metal.

Rey was a young and attractive human female. She was athletic, good with ships and technology, and incredibly charismatic for someone with hardly any human contact. She used these skills to become a scavenger, one of the few profitable occupations a someone on Jakku could have. She would use her speeder to find large crashed ships from the Battle of Jakku 29 years ago. After she had located a scavenging sight she would spend the long and hot days searching for old technology, which she would later sell to Unkar Plutt at Niima Outpost in exchange for food. Then she would ride her speeder back to a destroyed AT-AT walker that she lived in so she could enjoy her well earned dinner.

Every single day it was the same schedule; find a ship, get the technology, sell it to Unkar Plutt, eat dinner, sleep, then wake up and do it all over again. Rey hated doing it over and over again as she waited for her parents to return from wherever they went. She knew they would be back at some point and therefore could not leave the planet, if she was gone when they returned then she may never be able to see them again.

Her favorite part of the day used to be dinner, finally being able to relax and eat after hours of tedious work. However it was not long before the food began to taste bland, and after awhile it just became another part of the mind-numbing routine.

It was not too long, however, until she found a different favorite part of the day. Relieving herself.

Every morning at roughly 8:00 am Rey would awake with her right hand on her crotch and her legs tightly crossed, practically bursting for a pee. She actively choose not to urinate before going to sleep at about 10:00 pm, but instead drank a full canteen of water every night before lying in her bed. Each morning she would lie awake in bed for 15 to 30 minutes, frantically shaking her legs and tightly squeezing her crotch. Occasionally her need to urinate was so intense in the mornings that little spurts of pee would inadvertently leak out of her urethra and leave damp streaks on her bed (as it was too hot on Jakku to sleep with your clothes on).

When she decided she could not contain her urine anymore she would quickly spring out of her bed, hands still firmly pressing on her urethra, and run out the door as fast as her strained bladder would allow.

After exiting the AT-AT she would simply wait until her body overcame her. Her hands still fighting to contain the river of urine as she attempted to wrap her legs around each other and press them tightly together.

It usually did not take long for her body to win, a jet of urine would soak her hands before she could move them away. She would then squat over the sand as her pee shot out of her urethra, and she would silently moan in ecstasy as she felt the best feeling she had ever experienced.

Rey always found it surprising that, even though she woke up desperate for release every morning, she hadn’t wet the bed since she was 15. Perhaps her bladder had grown stronger over the years.

Rey would usually relieve herself about once or twice whilst scavenging for old technology (which lasted from about 9:00 am to 8:00 pm), though she always waited as long as she could bare before removing her clothes and soaking the sand.

For such a slim girl she could hold a surprising amount of pee for an impressive amount of time, though it did not take long for a noticeable bulge in her abdomen to be visible.

When she would arrive at Niima Outpost she would head straight for Unkar Plutt, ignoring the public restrooms designated to female scavengers. Rey NEVER used the public restrooms, or any sort of toilet for that matter. It felt wrong for her to use the designated urination area, she would pee wherever she wanted whenever she wished. She enjoyed the feeling of peeing in the “wrong” place, and if she ever felt a burning desire to relieve herself at Niima Outpost then she would simply urinate behind one of the many tents or designated living quarters. If one of Unkar Plutt’s boys ever caught her in the act then she would likely be permanently banned from the outpost, leaving her with no source of food. Perhaps the danger was what made it so intriguing.

Besides, the girl’s scavenger restroom always had a line. Whether it be a large line or a massive line (literally dozens of female humanoids), there was ALWAYS a line. And because there were no other outposts near Niima Outpost, many of the female scavengers who were not willing to simply squat down and pee had to wait all day until they returned to the outpost. At Niima Outpost, however, there was a single restroom with a single toilet for every female scavenger, meaning that the line was full of very desperate women.

The poor and incredibly shy girls would stand in the slowly moving line with red faces and wide eyes as their movements gave away their urgent needs. Some would have there hands tightly clamped against their urethras as they hunched slightly over and bent their wobbling knees, others bounced on the balls of their feet and shifted their weight to an invisible rhythm.

Rey’s eye was once caught by a young Twi’lek girl, probably around 18, who was violently shaking from head to two as she neared the front of the line. Rey stayed to watch the girl, noticing her heavy breathing and the occasional audible whimper. After about a minute the girl loudly exclaimed “Please hurry up! I’m dying for a pee!” in an incredibly shaky voice.

Another minute passed before the girl lost her long and difficult battle with nature, and Rey presumed everyone in the line could hear the hiss as the sand below her was drenched in urine.

Rey’s last pee of the day was always just before her dinner. Most days she shook like the Twi’lek girl when her speeder pulled up to the AT-AT, and some days she hardly got off her speeder before her bladder gave in. But the feeling of relief was always wonderful, and it made life on Jakku a bit more bearable.

*005*2017-05-17 22:43

{{On 5/11/2017 at 5:43 PM, randomrobot007 said:

Love this story... if only more people did omo stories with rey in them

}}

Check out the story done @phoenix80803 if you want more.

{{On 5/11/2017 at 8:31 PM, The Dark Wolf said:

You don't see a lot of Star Wars stories because characters don't pee in that universe. When I first saw the title I was hoping it would be Rey.

}}

Same goes for any movie or movie series really. But at least we have our imaginations.

{{On 5/11/2017 at 9:44 PM, DespMely said:

Really nice!

}}

Glad you enjoyed!

{{On 5/12/2017 at 2:17 PM, Phillipsrazor said:

Always nice to see Star Wars stuff!

}}

I'm surprised there isn't more on this website honestly, as popular as the franchise is.

{{On 5/12/2017 at 7:01 PM, phoenix80803 said:

I love this story! Would love to see more of Rey!

}}

I'm glad, but if I do another (sometime in the future) I'll probably go with one of the other lovely Star Wars ladies for now at least. When we get more movies with Rey, perhaps another story will be in order.

*009*2017-05-23 02:25

{{On 5/20/2017 at 5:49 PM, Phillipsrazor said:

Does that mean Leia?! Because I'd love to read about Leia having to desperately pop a squat in a bush on Endor, or hold it while in a Death Star holding cell, or just been too proud to ask to use facilities after finding herself as Jabba's new pet.

}}

I actually previously wrote a quick story pretty much identical to one of the scenarios you suggested, perhaps I'll make it a little longer and post it on here. But don't expect it to pop up tomorrow or anything.

