Holding Isn't My Forte -  Part 1

Author: Wettingfan

*000*2012-12-07 07:08

" Come on, we have to! " Argued Kelsy.

" Why? " Inquired Angel back.

" Because its so much fun! " She said back.

" I'll believe it when I see it, " Angel shot back, rolling her eyes.

" Then come on, lets go see it and experience it! " Kelsy demanded.

All week, Monday morning to Friday night, Kelsy had been trying to convince Angel too go to a new horro flic in town. It was unbelievable that it was rated 14A. Angel had saw the previews all week, and she knew she'd probably cry watching that movie. Soon, though, Kelsy managed to convince her. It was playing that very Friday night. Kelsy took a long look at Angel, who looked nervous. Angel was fairly short, about 5'4, but beautiful. She had amazing curves, and you could never see her without skinny jeans hugging her perfect legs and ass. Angel had brown hair, silky and soft, as well as beautiful hazel eyes to tie her all together. Kelsy was almost a clone to her though, but she was a little bit taller, 5'5. She wore dark blue skinny jeans, which also hugged her beautiful ass, and had amazing blue eyes as well as blonde hair. But a bad part to being a small ( yet beautiful ) girl, was a small bladder.

Angel had perfected holding her pee after her second public accident. Still, desperation was a daily occurence. It didn't matter if it was the bus ride home or a simple walk to Kelsy's house after school, she always ended up having to pee. Angel couldn't even begin to imagine how bad she'd need to pee at a horror movie.

Time moved by fast, and before Angel knew it, there she was, sittng by Kelsy with a large drink in her hands and som popcorn. The movie started off pretty simple, but grew more scary every twenty minutes or so. It jumped from horror stories to pop ups. Angel looked down at her bluish - green skinny jeans that curved around her ass so perfectly. She really needed to pee. Angel was squirming in her seat as the movie progressed. It went about its story with about two pop ups, both of which caused her to leak a little in her panties. She knew she was damp.

By the movies end, the crotch of her pants was a tad bit wet and she could practically taste the pee. She looked over at Kelsy, frozen in place.

" Kelsy? Its time to go, movies over! " Angel said, doing a bit of a potty dance.

" I.. I..had an accident, " Kelsy said, weakly, opening her legs to show the darker blue skinny jeans completely soaked and a puddle on the floor. Kelsy had tears in her eyes and she reeked of pee.

It sort of turned on Angel to see her very hot friend wet herself and lose control.

Kelsy looked at Angel who unknowingly had her hand in her crotch.

" You have to pee too? " She inquired.

" Really, really, really badly.. " Said Angel back, taking her hand off her weakening bladder for a split second to show her tiny wet spot. Kelsy took this second to hit her bladder, and Angel shuttered, almost exploding on impact. A giant shot of urine flowed from her, going down her left leg. It trickled into her white sock, then into her shoe.

" No, Kelsy please! " Shouted Angel as she grabbed her crotch and left the now empty theater room. Her hand was soaking wet from her jeans, but she didn't care. The minute she jumped outside to the bathroom, there was a five person line. She couldn't hold it. She saw Kelsy run out of the theater, her hands running a tickling motion. Angel ran.

Angel was about half way down the mainstreet of the small town when she stopped for a breather. Her pants were almost soaked and she hadn't let out half of her bladders contents. Pee was dribbling into her panties, drip by drip.

Drippppp...

The urine hits her cotton white panties with a little splash. It soaks out, creating a moistness, then dribbles down her leg, making a small trail on her sexy skinny jeans.

Drrrippppp...

The urine hits her panties again, but goes back and soaks her ass. Pee warms her freezing ass as she feels it run around her thighs.

Angel breathed heavily, she wasn't much of a runner. It was a nice summers night, yet she could feel the coldness overcome her body. She had to get back to Kelsy's house. It was three minute walk from her. Three minutes wasn't enough. Angel shoved one hand in her crotch and bolted down the mainstreet into the residential area. Immediately, she welcomed herself into the first house on the right (Kelsy's) and ran into the basement. But there, in front of the closed bathroom door, stood Kelsy with an evil grin. Her soaked pants turned on Angel so much as she walked seductively over.

Drrrippppp...

Kelsy finally made her way to her friends face, grabbed her by the sides, and tickled her violentely. Before Angel could count to three, pee splashed out of her. It was too much. Too much for the small girls bladder to take. It ran down both her legs, wetting her pants thoroughly. It overfilled her shoes and splashed onto the white carpet, making a yellow stain. Angel gasped as she looked at eye level to Kelsy, while still peeng herself. Kelsy smiled and simply said:

" You may want new jeans, babe, " seductively, winked, then walked away. Angel looked down. She was just finishing peeing.

Angel quickly walked into Kelsy's room, blushing. Kelsy laid on her bed, smiling. She was just in her wet panties now. They were black, but obviously pee - stained.

" That was .. hot, " Angel said, smiling.

Kelsy just smiled.

