An Unfortunate Favor

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2018-07-15 06:42

This story was inspired by a brief experience that Kelli shared with me long ago via messenger. Enjoy!

###

Lauren had been day dreaming when Mr. Riley's booming voice suddenly snapped her back to reality. It was a Monday morning and as usual she had found it difficult to stay engaged in her first period math class, but fortunately Mr. Riley did not seem to notice, he was merely reminding the class to complete their homework as the bell rang indicating that it was time to move on to next period. As she exited the classroom she approached one of her friends, Sarah, and the two girls began chatting about what they had done the previous weekend as they walked on to second period. Before she knew it, Lauren found herself walking into Ms. Andersons English class. Immediately she noticed that there was a bit of excitement in the room and as she looked around she noticed a table set up with several soft drinks and snacks out. Everyone in the class excitedly sat down and Ms. Anderson walked to the front of the room and addressed the class.

"Good morning everyone" she said "Because you all performed so well on last week's exam, I've decided that instead of our usual class today we are going to have a bit of a social, as you've noticed there are some snacks and drinks over on the table there, feel free to help yourself to as much as you like and use the period to talk about your weekends or whatever else you might want to do. Now, before we start, would anyone like to help me pass out plates and cups?"

Immediately in the very front of the room Brooke Hazelwood's hand shot up.

Ugh. Brooke Hazelwood, the teachers pet. Brooke always seemed to be sucking up to the teachers in any way that she could, much to the annoyance of Lauren and some of her other classmates. Ms. Anderson thanked Brooke and the pair immediately began passing out plates and cups to the rest of the class.

Lauren, along with most of her classmates, enjoyed having snacks as well as several cups of iced tea and soda. Lauren happily chatted along with her classmates and enjoyed the free period. During a bit of a lull in the conversation, Lauren felt a bit of a twinge in her tummy, she had to pee, somewhat badly actually, she'd been so wrapped up in the conversation she had hardly noticed how much liquid had built up inside her. On a typical day, Lauren would usually use the toilet in the locker room after she changed for her 4th period gym class, but it made sense that she had to go now considering how much she had drank.

She craned her neck to look back at the clock in the front of the classroom and noted that was about 20 minutes left in the period. Ms Anderson would certainly excuse her if she asked, but Lauren typically didn't like to ask for a bathroom break during classes, she was pretty good about going before gym, during lunch, or in between periods, and besides, she didn't want to miss any of this free social time.

As the period came to a close, Lauren found it increasingly difficult to focus on the conversation and had to make a mental effort to resist fanning her legs. Although she had greatly enjoyed the free time, she was kind of glad it was coming to an end, if the period were any longer she would definitely have had to ask to go. With just 2 minutes left before the bell, Ms. Anderson walked back to the front of the room and asked everyone to quiet down.

"I hope you all have enjoyed this free time, before you go, would anyone be able to do me a favor and stay to help me clean up?"

Almost on queue, Brooke's hand shot up again, and she began hurriedly collecting the cups and plates to throw them away.

Lauren meanwhile had fallen back into a bit of trance as she tried to ignore the now very persistent pressure in her bladder. She was snapped out of it by the bell and excitedly began packing her things into her bag before rushing down the hall to the girls room. As she approached the girls bathroom, she was already beginning to imagine the sweet relief she was about to get when she rounded the corner and was dismayed to see 3 girls from her class, one of them being Sarah, waiting outside of two occupied stalls. She got in line behind Sarah and immediately noticed that her friend seemed a bit flustered and was pacing back and fourth. Lauren made a conscious effort to stand still and act like a grown up, she wasn't going to pee dance like a kindergartner no matter how bad she had to go.

The other stall opened and one of the girls from the other line darted in, not wanting to listen to her sweet relief, Lauren tried to make small talk with her friend by asking about the lunch menu, but Sarah didn't seem too interested in talking. "Sorry I'm a little distracted" she said blushing "I had a bit too much iced tea during Ms. Anderson's class and I really need to go before Mrs. Atkins' class because you know she never lets anyone go"

That was true, Mrs. Atkins was Lauren's strictest teacher and did not like people leaving her class for any reason. Lauren felt a pang of anxiety when she realized how long this bathroom excursion was taking, if there was one thing Mrs. Atkins hated more than bathroom requests, it was tardiness, and the break would be over soon.

Thankfully however, the stall opened and Sarah headed in. Lauren closed her eyes and subtly crossed her legs as she was forced to listen to her friend's relief. After what seemed like an hour but was more like a minute, Sarah emerged from the stall and Lauren rushed in, quickly unbuttoning and pulling down her jeans, and finally sitting on the toilet. She signed quietly to herself as she finally had her much needed pee break.

When she was finished, she hurried out of the stall, quickly rinsing her hands and exiting the bathroom. As she strode just across the hall to Mrs. Atkinson's classroom, she noticed out of the corner of her eye a figure intently speedwalking down the hall. It was Brooke, she was walking quickly and had a determined look on her face. She stopped directly between the door to the classroom and the entrance to the bathroom with her legs tightly together and seemed to contemplating something. After a second she took a quick step toward the bathroom but then suddenly, the bell rang, and Brooked turned on her heel and quickly followed Lauren into the classroom.

Fortunately for both girls, Mrs. Atkinson did not seem to notice their slight tardiness, as they quickly took the last two open seats near the front of the classroom.

Lauren immediately noticed that something was definitely off with Brooke, she did not seem to be paying much attention to the lesson, and was repeatedly looking at the clock. Lauren was able to put 2 and 2 together fairly easily; Brooke needed to pee, she had probably drank a ton of tea and soda during 2nd period, and while Lauren had made it to the bathroom, Brooke was held up helping Ms. Anderson. She probably needed to go just as bad as Lauren had, or worse.

While Lauren could certainly sympathize with Brooke's predicament, she couldn't deny that there was something satisfying about seeing the perfect princess in an embarrassing and uncomfortable situation. Lauren tried to pay attention to the lesson as she noticed Brooke's fidgeting getting more and more pronounced next to her.

Suddenly, about 25 minutes into the 1 hour period, Brooke let out a gasp and froze, bending over slightly and looking straight down at her feet. Lauren looked over at the struggling girl and noticed that her face was red as a tomato and her eyes were closed tightly. She stayed like that for a few seconds then took a quick breath and looked up right at Mrs. Atkinson before her hand shot in the air.

"Yes Brooke?"

"MRS. ATKINSON" Brooke blurted abruptly before catching herself yelling "Mrs. Atkinson" she said again in a calm, but quivering voice "Um, may I please use the restroom, I - I was um helping Ms. Anderson clean up at the end of last period and missed the whole break."

All eyes had been on Brooke, but they now turned to Mrs. Atkinson, who seemed a bit surprised that Brooke, of all people, would ask for a bathroom break in her class. She actually seemed to contemplate letting her go.

"I'm sorry Brooke" she finally said, seemingly genuinely remorseful "but if I let you go, then I have to let everyone go... the period is nearly half over, its not to much longer."

Brooke nodded slowly and looked straight at the floor, her face now an even brighter red. She seemed to be on the verge of tears. Lauren noticed that Brooke was very still after that, although she was wearing a clearly pained expression. With about 15 minutes left in the period, her breathing became shallow and quick, and Lauren noticed that she had buried her left hand into her crotch. Since her desperate request, most of the class had been watching Brooke intently, enthralled that the perfect teacher's pet, who always acted so mature, was on the verge of wetting her pants in class.

With about 10 minutes left, Brooke suddenly gasped and covered her mouth with her hand, tears were streaming down her face. She began to stand up "Mrs... Atkinson" she said through a sob as she rose to her feet. Mrs. Atkinson looked over, and as Brooke had nearly completely stood up, a massive jet of liquid suddenly shot out from her dark gray leggings, splattering loudly on the floor. She let out a cry and turned towards the door, but then another massive jet shot out, and this one did not stop, Brooke collapsed back into her desk and buried her face into her arms as she completely flooded her chair. For over 40 seconds she peed, and not a single sound could be heard in the classroom other than the splattering of her pent up urine on the classroom floor.

As she finally finished, she let out another agonized sob into her desk before Mrs. Atkinson approached her and gently put a hand on her shoulder. "Brooke I'm terribly sorry" she whispered "please take your things and go to the nurses' office"

Brooke slowly got up and grabbed her bag, and with her head lowered quickly walked out of the classroom. Lauren turned around to Sarah, who was sitting behind her with a shocked look on her face. "And that" Lauren said "Is why I don't do teachers any favors".

