Bragging about holding gone wrong

Author: wee fairy

*000*2025-06-03 15:17

"You can't handle it," Marlin had slurred, his eyes glinting with a challenge that was all too clear. James had never been one to back down from a dare, especially not after downing four bottles of beer. His pride swelled, and he had confidently declared, "Watch me." Now, James was watching as his world shrank to the size of the crowded train car, the pressure in his bladder a constant, painful reminder of his folly. He'd heard about people who could hold it for hours, and he'd always assumed he was one of them.

But as the train chugged along, with no bathroom in sight, he was beginning to doubt that claim. The ache was growing, a crescendo of desperation that made him squirm in his seat. He could feel the cold sweat beading on his forehead, his eyes darting around the car in search of a solution that wasn't there. The fabric of his jeans was sticking to his skin, a constant reminder of the warm wetness spreading from his crotch. He tried to keep his legs crossed, but the cramped space made it impossible.

The sound of the train's wheels on the tracks was like a taunting metronome, counting down the seconds until he lost control. The other passengers were shifting, looking at their phones, avoiding eye contact. They could feel the tension radiating off him, a palpable force that was as unpleasant as the smell of his dampened underwear. James's face contorted in a silent scream of frustration. He could feel his bladder, a tight, pulsing balloon threatening to pop at any moment. He leaned forward slightly, trying to alleviate the pressure, his hand now a vice-like grip on his zipper. The train car was packed, the smell of various fast foods and body odors mingling in the stale air.

The last thing he needed was to add his own scent to the mix. As the train lurched to a stop at the next station, James felt the first hot droplet escape his control, soaking into the fabric of his boxers. Panic shot through him like a bolt of lightning, and he clenched his muscles with all the might he could muster, cutting the stream before it could turn into a full-blown disaster. His cheeks burned with embarrassment as he realized he wasn't going to make it.

The warm, damp spot grew larger, and he could feel the eyes of the passengers around him darting in his direction, sensing something was amiss. His eyes fell on the seat across the aisle, its fabric frayed and worn, revealing a small, inviting hole. The perfect size for a little relief. He shifted uncomfortably, feeling the pressing need to relieve himself. The thought grew more enticing by the second, a beacon of relief in a sea of discomfort.

With a quick glance around, he confirmed that the few remaining passengers were either deeply engrossed in their own worlds or fast asleep. His hand hovered over the zipper of his pants, a silent battle raging in his mind. The sleeping man in the seat opposite, head lolled to the side, gave him pause. But desperation won out, and he unzipped his fly with a soft metallic whisper. The sudden rustle of fabric jolted the man awake, his blind eyes searching for the source of the disturbance.

James froze, his cheeks flushing hot with embarrassment. The stranger's sightless gaze swept the space between them, his brow furrowing as if he could feel the tension. The young man's heart raced, his mind racing through excuses for his suspicious behavior. The air in the train car thickened as the seconds ticked by, the only sound the steady rhythm of the wheels against the track.

His legs felt like jelly as he stumbled down the aisle, searching for the seat. He pretended not to see the slumbering figure and instead claimed the spot with a forced casualness, his knees knocking against the chair in front of him. The sleeping man didn't stir, but the wet spot on James's crotch grew larger with each jostle of the train. He hoped the shadows cast by the setting sun would hide his predicament.

The pressure was becoming too much. The dam was about to break, and James knew he had to act fast.

With trembling hands, James slowly unzipped his fly and extracted his straining member, red and swollen amd twitching, pointing it at the hole trying to be as discreet as possible. He winced as his zipper snagged on the tender skin of his penis, but there was no turning back now. The metallic sound of his zipper echoed through the stillness, and the sleeping man across from him stirred, his face contorting in confusion.

He took a deep, shaky breath, his eyes never leaving the blind man's slack face. The cushion was cool against his feverish flesh, and he almost felt a bead of precum form at the tip. The train lurched again, sending a spike of pain through his abdomen, and he knew he had no choice. He pushed himself through the hole, the fabric stretching around him, the cold metal frame of the seat biting into his thighs.

James's hand was sticky with anticipation as he aimed his desperate erection into the void of the seat cushion. He felt the soft give of the foam as he squeezed through, and with a silent prayer. As the train jolted into motion again, James couldn't hold it any longer. He closed his eyes and allowed the floodgates to open, his hot urine spurting into the chair cushion with a muffled sound that seemed to fill the silent train car.

He took a deep breath and let his bladder relax. The first stream shot out with surprising force, a hot, relieving river that soaked into the foam. He winced at the sound, sure it was loud enough to wake the dead, but the snores and murmurs of the surrounding passengers remained unchanged. The pressure in his bladder began to ease, the pain receding like a tide as he allowed his stream to flow freely into the seat, the stream almost like that of a fire hydrant, and a low hiss could be heard through the echos of the silent train. He couldn't help the quiet moan that escaped his lips, a mix of relief and arousal that seemed to echo in the confined space. The warmth grew around him, the cushion absorbing his urine like a sponge.

The relief washed over him in waves, almost orgasmic in its intensity. He leaned back, closing his eyes, and let his body take over, the warmth spreading from his groin to the rest of his body as he finally allowed himself to relax. The train's rhythmic swaying rocked him gently as he emptied himself into the unsuspecting cushion.

The darkness of the tunnel was a perfect cover for his indiscretion. The man across from him remained blissfully unaware, his snores growing louder with each passing moment. James' cheeks flushed with both relief and embarrassment, his heart hammering against his ribcage as he continued to urinate, the stream now a gentle trickle. The pressure in his bladder lessened with each spurt, and James felt a strange mix of relief and dread. The sleeping man remained still, but James knew he couldn't stay like this for much longer.

The last drops fell, and James felt a sense of victory. He had done it. He had managed to find a way to relieve himself without causing a scene or making a mess. As he slid his dick back into his pants, wincing as the fabric brushed against his sensitive skin, he couldn't help but feel a twinge of satisfaction. But the ordeal wasn't over yet.

The stench of his urine began to fill the compartment, a pungent reminder of his desperate action. He knew he had to get out of there before anyone else woke up or noticed the warm, wet patch spreading across the seat. He zipped up his fly with a quiet sigh, his eyes darting around for an escape route. The train was still packed, but the end of the carriage beckoned with the promise of fresh air and a chance to breathe freely.

Gathering his things, James stood up, his legs wobbly with the sudden absence of pressure. He stepped over the sleeping man's legs, his face a mask of apology and regret, and made his way to the exit. Each step was a silent dance of precision, trying to avoid the damp spot that was surely growing by the second.

When he reached the end of the car, the cool breeze from the open door was a sweet relief. He stepped into the next compartment, the stench of his desperation following him like a dark cloud. The few passengers in this area glanced up, curiosity piqued by the sudden movement, but James avoided eye contact, his head bowed in defeat. He slid into an empty seat, his heart racing as he tried to compose himself.

*002*2025-06-08 07:51

Well now that you said, he would 😉

