Heather's not so Happy Hour

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2023-09-07 05:07

Heather gazed longingly at the clock at the bottom right corner of her computer screen. Having recently finished her Sophomore year of college, the 20 year old had gotten a nice summer internship at a prominent local company. She was just a few weeks in and she really, genuinely loved it. Her coworkers were mostly all just a few years older than her, and doing exactly what she hoped to be doing after graduation. Naturally, she was quite eager to please them, as they were all very successful young professionals in her field and she would love to parlay this internship in to a long term job opportunity.

At the current moment though, she just wanted to go home. There were just 45 minutes left until the weekend and it had been an exhausting week as she was really getting up to speed and digging in to the work. She had nothing left to do for today, and didn’t want to bother asking anyone for more. She just wanted to go home and relax and look forward to a fresh start on Monday when she could get back after it.

She absent mindedly clicked around her screen, re reading emails she had already seen, trying to pass the time and appear engaged in case anyone was watching her. A few minutes passed, and as she was idly scrolling through a spreadsheet for the third or fourth time, she noticed out of the corner of her eye that one of her coworkers, Monica, was approaching.

“Hey Heather” she said as she walked up to her cubicle “The rest of the team and I are going to grab a few drinks after work. The bar down the street just opened a new beer garden that we’ve been talking about checking out, would you like to join?”

Heather’s heart sank. She would like to join, no, she would love to join, to further bond with her coworkers who she looked up to so much, but, sadly for her, she was still a just a few months shy of her 21st birthday. Absolutely nonsensical law. She thought to herself, feeling the frustration and disappointment well up. Despite her friendly demeanor, Heather considered herself a bit awkward and could sometimes to be slow to come out of her shell around people, a few beers would certainly have helped with that.

“Sorry” she replied “I’m… actually not 21 yet, I only just finished my sophomore year”

“Oh” Monica seemed a bit surprised “Well… we go there all the time… and they usually don’t start checking IDs until a bit later in the night…”

The two women flashed each other a mischievous smile. Heather was generally a staunch rule follower, but as is essentially tradition in American university culture, she had obviously engaged in her fair share of underage drinking.

“You know… I’m always forgetting my ID.. maybe it’s worth a try” Heather said, smiling.

The remaining 30 minutes of the day went by a lot faster. To kill some time, Heather hit the bathroom and after emptying her bladder, spent some time dolling herself up in the mirror. She felt nervously excited, on one hand she was going to try to do something brazenly illegal, but on the other hand she was really excited at the prospect of drinking legally for the first time and of course she was equally excited about getting to go out with her coworkers. Part of her wished had she had dressed nicer, but she would certainly fit right in in her casual summer Friday outfit. A pair of tight fitting jeans and a cute white blouse that just barely covered her midriff.

Her heart was beating a little quicker as the day ended and she met up with her coworkers by the elevator. They all chatted casually about work and about their weekend plans as they made their way down to the ground level, out on to the street, and over to the beer garden. As Monica predicted, they walked right in with no issues, and set up at a table before heading over to the bar to grab a first round of drinks.

The excitement of her first happy hour gave Heather a lot of energy and time seemed to fly by as she got increasingly buzzed and was finally able to open up and really bond with her coworkers like she had been so desperately wanting to. Before she knew it, an hour and a half had passed and she was nearly done with her second beer and was thinking about what she was going to get next. There was a bit of a lull in the conversation, and she downed the remainder of her drink before announcing to the people she had been talking to that she was going to go grab another around from the bar. Monica quickly volunteered to go with her.

As she stood, she became aware of something else, those beers were starting to catch up to her, and she was feeling a quite noticeable need to pee. Now seemed like a good time to take care of it.

“Where are the bathrooms here?” Heather asked Monica as they took a few steps away from the table.

“Oh” Monica responded “You have to go across the street to the bar, I can show you before we grab our drinks, I have to go too actually.”

The women chatted as they exited the beer garden and made their way across the street to the bar, it was actually quite an upscale place, filled with other smartly dressed young professionals scattered across several tables. Heather followed Monica through the bar to a big neon “Ladies” sign that was posted near the back. The bathroom was fairly empty and an understood break was taken in the conversation as the women each took a stall. Heather was quite surprised at how much she actually did need to pee, and felt really refreshed as they resumed their conversation and headed back to the garden. She was also happy to have a nice one on one moment with Monica, someone who she’d been wanting to get to know a bit better. As they headed back out to the garden, she actually found out that Monica lived not far from her, and that they’d be taking the same train home, so they agreed to travel together at the end of the night.

After a quick stop at the bar, Heather was back at the table, feeling very happy and relaxed as she breezed through her third drink, and then her fourth. Another 90 minutes passed and Heather was starting to feel a bit drunk. A few of her coworkers said their goodbyes, and Monica and a couple of the guys announced they were popping inside for a quick bathroom break before finishing off the final round and heading out. Heather stood up, happily agreeing to join them, she’d been feeling the pressure in her bladder returning for some time now and had been waiting for a good opportunity to go.

Standing up made it feel a bit worse, this was definitely a good time for a break, she continued chatting with the group as they walked across the street and into the bar, only for Monica to quickly interrupt as soon as they entered. “Oh… it looks like they’re checking IDs now…”

Sure enough, just ahead of the entrance was a bouncer who was checking in a couple who had just arrived, shining a little flash light on their IDs one at a time and giving them paper wristbands.

Heather instantly blushed as everyone in the group looked at her awkwardly. “I ummm… it’s fine… I’ll just head back to the table.”

There was an awkward pause, and then the bouncer finished with the couple and looked up at their group expectantly, not wanting to cause any trouble, Heather quietly turned and retreated back outside toward the table, trying to quell her anxiety about the situation. She’d be fine, she needed to go but they’d be wrapping up soon, and then it was just a quick 25-30 minute journey home on the train, she’d be on her own toilet within the hour.

Those who had been allowed inside soon returned and the conversation resumed, but Monica quietly leaned in to Heather “Are you okay? I’m really sorry about that, I completely lost track of the time”

“I’m fine” she quickly replied, really not wanting to get in to much of a conversation about her full bladder with her cool older coworker. “I was just going to tag along, I can wait.”

About 20 minutes later, Heather was starting to feel a bit sobered up by the pounding pressure in her bladder. One of the other women, Lindy, was in the middle of some long winded story about her old job and Heather was struggling to pay attention as she stared at the entrance of the bar over her shoulder, fantasizing about the ladies room within. Hoping no one would take notice of her knees rapidly colliding under the table, she glanced around, all the remaining glasses were nearly empty, surely they would be wrapping up at any moment so she could finally rush straight home to pee. She forced down the last swig of her beer, hoping that it would cause Lindy to speed things up.

Lindy’s droning was feeling like an eternity to Heather, even though just a few more minutes had passed. She had to go so bad now that she was almost hovering over the seat. Lindy was still talking, but she wasn’t hearing any of it. She was going to have to go and see if the bouncer would let her in to the bar just to use the bathroom, rehearsing in her head how she planned to explain that she had lost her ID, and that she would be in and out quickly. She was just gathering the courage to cut Lindy off, when finally, during a quick break in the “conversation”, Monica interjected, “Hey Heather, I think it’s time for me to head out, do you still want to take the train together?”

“Oh, yes!” she exclaimed, immediately standing up. She bid Lindy a hasty goodbye as she quickly gathered her things and started following Monica toward the entrance of the garden, going over in her head how she was going to casually tell her that she was going to try her luck with the bouncer before the trip home.

“Oh, I almost forgot” Monica said “I need to close out my tab, one sec.”

As soon as Monica turned to walk toward the bar Heather forced herself to stop walking and threw one leg over the other tightly, leaning forward in absolute agony. She watched in envy as Monica walked up to the bar and patiently waited for bar tender to help her, completely relaxed and without a care in the world. This was becoming a real emergency now, if she couldn’t convince the bouncer to let her pee, she didn’t know what she was going to do, she shuddered at the thought of being trapped on the train with Monica, trying to conceal her bursting bladder.

Remembering that she was still in public and that some of her coworkers were still around, Heather uncrossed her legs and tried to stand normally, but immediately was assaulted by a ferocious surge of hot pee that rushed right to the edge of her peehole and forced her to bend over again to stave off wetting herself. Her bladder was literally hurting at this point and she felt like she was going to puke the pee up. She couldn’t stand here and wait, she had to take action now.

She walked as normally as she could over to Monica and casually explained that she was going to pop in and ask the bouncer if he’d just let her use the bathroom while she waited, and that they could meet outside of the door there, Monica agreed and Heather wasted no time.

She darted across the street and into the building, once again, the bouncer was checking the IDs of a small group of people who had just entered. Heather quickly moved to stand behind them, trying not to panic or dance around as the process took painfully long, swallowing anxiously and breathing through her nose as she couldn’t help but shift from one foot to the other. Her urethra twitching in anticipation of release. Finally, the bouncer handed an ID back to the person in front of her and she stepped forward, trying to compose herself as he looked up expectantly. “ID Please”

“Well… errr, actually, I lost my ID a few days ago and am waiting to get a new one in the mail, I was just outside in the garden, I was in here earlier…. I’m just coming in to use the restroom.”

“Sorry Miss, we’re checking all IDs for the rest of the night”

He looked past her as another group entered the bar and queued up behind her, but the pounding in her abdomen made her persist.

“I’m actually just going home, and would really like to use the bathroom before I go-”

“MISS! I’m sorry we are not-”

“PLEASE!” she almost shouted, her face turning beet red “Please don’t do this to me, I’m, um, I really can’t wait... I’ll be in and out, I swear, you can have someone escort me-”

“Miss, I am telling you, I can not let you in, if you want to stand to the side, I’ll call for a manager to come to talk to you, but it may take a while and they’re going to tell you the same thing that I just did”

Heather’s composure started to slip as her bladder roared at the idea of being turned away here, she could see the neon “LADIES” sign on the far end of the bar, taunting her, everything in her was telling her to just run past this man and make a dash for it. Knocking her knees together and wiping away the seat that had accumulated on her brow, she prepared herself to make one last plea…

“Please” she started again, but the bouncer stood up, towering over her. “Miss, are we going to have a problem?”

Without saying anything else, Heather gave up and turned to run out of the bar, looking down at the ground as to not make eye contact with the group of people she had just made a scene in front of.

As she emerged back out on the street, she took out her phone and opened the map, hoping to find something nearby, but it was now after 8PM, everything in this area would be closed except for a few bars. The words on her screen blurred as tears welled up in her eyes, she would never make it home in this state, she had to do something…

“Hey, ready to go?… are you okay?”

“Yeah” Heather gasped, as she looked up and saw Monica approaching her. Her legs were slammed together, sweat was starting to accumulate on her forehead, there really wasn’t much point in hiding it, so she tried to admit her dilemma to Monica as professionally as possible. “I just really need to use the restroom… all that beer… and they won’t let me in without an ID…” A look of surprise and concern spread across Monica’s face as she seemed to struggle to decide how to respond, so Heather quickly continued, trying her best to sound confident and relaxed. “It’s fine though, thankfully we don’t live far, I’ll just wait until I get home”.

“That’s such bullshit, I’m so sorry, let’s get going and we’ll be home before you know it”

The pair of women started walking down the street, one looking very relaxed and the other in some obvious discomfort, Heather tried to remain her usually bubbly self but Monica seemed to pick up on just how bad off she was so the conversation was kept to a minimum as they quickly walked over to the train station and descended the stairs.

Despite the feeling that her bladder was literally going to explode, Heather found walking quite helpful in reducing the urgency. She just needed to take things a minute at a time. Just a 10 minute train ride and a 10 minute walk and this would be all be over.

Arriving at the platform, she realized they would have to wait for the train to arrive first. It usually came every 10 minutes or so and there seemed to be a good amount of people waiting, so it shouldn’t be much longer. The lack of movement however caused Heather’s urgency to soar. Not wanting to make a scene, she sat down on a bench and tightly crossed her legs, jiggling them up and down rapidly as she leaned forward. Monica knew what was wrong, but Heather was beyond caring at this point. The only alternative was to wildly pee dance around in front of everyone.

As she continued to sit, the pain began spreading from her bladder throughout the rest of her body. She was starting to worry that she might be doing some serious damage to herself. She hadn’t even thought it was possible to want to pee so badly. Down below, everything was completely. Her poor neatly shaven pussy was pounding, begging for relief. She was sweating so badly down there it felt like she was wet. Had Monica not been sitting right next to her, she probably would have run back up the stairs and just found somewhere to squat. She wanted to do it more than anything in the world. She racked her brain with what she could say to escape this, but it felt like no matter what she did Monica would probably insist on coming along with her.

She was just starting to work up the courage to admit to Monica that she could not get on this train, that she needed to back outside and… deal with this situation… when she heard a loud blast in the distance signaling the approach of the train. She tried to calm herself down and refocus. Just 10 more minutes. 10 minutes and she could say goodbye on the Monica and sprint to the nearest dark alley to finally relieve herself of this torture before she did it in her pants.

Standing up, she was assaulted by a massive surge and was forced to bend double. Losing control of herself she gave in and gave her exhausted pussy a squeeze as best she could though her pants. Thankfully Monica was ahead of her and everyone else was too focused on getting on the train to notice. She desperately wanted to undo her jeans, but her abdomen was bulging out so much that there was no way her shirt could cover it.

On the train she hurriedly took an empty seat before anyone else could and Monica sat down next to her. As the doors closed she was really starting to panic and worry that she had a made a mistake trapping herself here. She was gasping now, breathing like she was in labor but trying to hold it together and not attract the attention of everyone on the train as a tear ran down her cheek. There’s no longer any facade of hiding things from Monica though, who is fully aware that her poor intern is fighting with everything that she has to not flood herself on a train full of Friday night party goers.

She places a reassuring hand on Heather’s back, a bit alarmed to find that she can feel her cold sweat through her shirt, and tries to comfort her.

“Just a little longer honey, you’re almost there. As soon as we get to our stop we can pop in to the gas station right next to the station. They have a public bathroom there you can use, it’s saved my friends and I a few times on nights out.”

Heather could only nod, no longer even having the energy to respond. She pictured the toilet in her apartment, just sitting there, waiting for her. God, she could give everything she owned to just be standing in front of it right now.

A few minutes pass, they feel like hours for poor Heather, but somehow she’s still holding on, beside herself, hardly aware of what is even happening on the rest of the train as it slows to a stop, the only one before hers. As the doors open she gazes out at the platform, she wants more than anything to just run out and piss right there, she doesn’t even care who sees or what anyone thinks. Can she really make it another 5 minutes to her station? She’s not sure. Her butt lifts off the hard plastic seat which is now damp with her sweat. Her face is beet red. She’s just on the verge of making a run for it when the train hisses and the doors close. She brings her foot up and collapses down on to her heel, grinding her pussy in to it as hard as she possibly can. She doesn’t even care at this point how obvious she’s being.

Finally, finally, the train slows down again, approaching their station, “Just a bit longer” Monica whispers. The doors open, she’s on her feet, the pain is searing but she she has tunnel vision, she runs for the stairs and takes them as quickly as she can, the impact of each step reverberating through her completely distended bladder. Running out of the station, the warm fresh air of a summer night hits her. Momentarily rooted to the spot, she sees that gas station, just next door.

Monica appears beside her, a bit out of breath from running to keep up. “Come on, right here” she says “I know exactly where the bathroom is”

They enter through the automatic doors, the ice cold air conditioning sends a jolt through Heather’s body as she follows Monica to a hallway at the back of the station… just in time to see two girls, also clearly having been out drinking, approach the single, unisex bathroom. “Oh no” Heather gasps, but it’s too late, the first girl, who had hurried a bit ahead, runs in and slams the door, leaving her friend waiting outside.

“Oh my God” Heather whispers to herself, realizing she may actually wet her pants in this gas station.

Monica takes the lead “Just two more minutes” she reassures her, pulling her toward the door.

“I’m really sorry” she says to the waiting girl “My friend is having an absolute emergency, they wouldn’t let her go at the bar we were at and she hasn’t been all night, could she please go first?”

The girl looked up at Monica, and then at Heather, making eye contact and seeing the tears in the eyes of clearly desperate girl who was bent double with a hand buried between her legs, she immediately agreed.

Breaking in to an all out pee pee dance, Heather stepped wildly from foot to foot, moving around in circles, she unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans, letting her usually flat tummy spill out so far that she couldn’t even see her panties. Holding herself directly over her underwear now, she stepped back and fourth toward the door, moaning out loud, willing it to open. She heard the toilet flush, and suddenly, she felt numb, the excruciating pain seemed to recede, and then she felt her hand getting wet. In shock, she pulled her hand away, then realizing what was happening, replaced it with double the pressure, digging her fingers through her wet panties in to her vulva to get herself back under control.

Somehow stemming the flow, she looked down and sure enough there was a noticeable dark streak down the right inner thigh of her faded tight jeans, she had actually wet herself. She looked up at Monica, whose mouth was agape with shock.

The bathroom door opened and Heather stumbled in, kicking it closed behind her and not even bothering with the lock. She backed herself up to the toilet and hooking her thumbs in yanked down her jeans and panties in one swoop and collapsed fully on a toilet she would have normally tried to squat over.

The relief was orgasmic, it was unlike anything she had ever experienced, and her pee thundered on and on in the water below. She gasped for air, feeling like she could finally breathe again. She peed for well over a minute before her stream started to wane and she looked down to survey the damage. Her light purple panties were completely soaked, and sure enough the inner leg of her jeans was as well, but it shouldn’t be too noticeable just for the walk home.

Finishing her massive pee and pulling her pants back up, she felt the clammy feeling of wet panties against her skin, and it was only as she started washing the pee off her hands that she realized that she was going to have to confront the 3 waiting women, one being her coworker, standing outside waiting for her.

Taking one last deep breath, she opened the door and stepped outside, the girl she had cut quickly entering the small bathroom past her. Without even saying anything, she exited the station back in to the night with Monica in tow, coming to a stop only once she had reached the corner where she could proceed home.

“Hey” Monica started “I’m really sorry about tonight, we should have thought of you with the bathroom situation… I’m really sorry you had to go through that, but this can just stay between us, I’ll never mention it to anyone at work.”

Still shaking from relief, Heather mustered an appreciative smile, and the two women shared a friendly hug before going their separate ways. Heather quickly walked home, placed her clothes in the wash, and enjoyed a long hot shower, thanking the stars that her roommate was away for the summer, and that only Monica had witnessed her going through possibly the most embarrassing situation she could have possibly imagined.

###

EPILOGUE:

Monica hurried home as well, her panties also soaking wet, although for a very different reason than Heather’s had been.

She and her boyfriend had years ago discovered a common fascination with bursting bladders, and while she would surely keep the promise she made to Heather to never tell anyone at work, she could hardly wait to get home and share every intimate detail of what she had witnessed that night with him. Teasing his cock and she recounted every excruciating detail of the young intern’s plight, until he could no longer resist giving her a different kind of relief that she was so desperately craving.

*002*2023-09-08 22:43

Thank you Flush, glad you enjoyed it - I usually don't have an ending in mind when I start writing these. I almost always think they're going to be a full "Just made it" or "Squat outside" endings, then end up getting the character so desperate that I end up questioning whether it's even practical that they would fully make it.

In this case, I personally imagined Heather's accident as being fairly minor, but noticeable if you were really looking. I certainly wanted to leave it a bit open to interpretation though. I had a few endings in mind but went this one for a little ambiguity.

