So I Need to Hide that I've Peed in My Boyfriend's Bed

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2016-05-19 02:42

I need help!

What's happened now?

Well... It's embarrassing...

I'm pretty sure you can't come up with anything more embarrassing then that time with all the bees.

I've peed the bed.

I stand corrected.

But still. That's not so bad. Go have a shower, flip your mattress, and put some new sheets on the bed. Easy peasy.

No it's worse than that. I've peed my boyfriend's bed. With him in it.

Are you sure you really wet the bed? Maybe it's just sweat?

Nope. It's pee. I'm sure. I woke up... during.

Eww. Alright. Lets fix this. First get out of bed and go to his kitchen.

Alright. Done.

What are you wearing?

Really?

So I know how much clean-up we have to do.

Oh. Right. Just panties. It's a warm night.

Great. Whip those off and throw them in the microwave. Run it for like 2 minutes.

Um... The microwave doesn't have numbers. Just like, pictograms of food. Are panties more like a square with wiggly lines? Or a circle with dots?

Fuck I don't know. This isn't "So I can't work out how to use my boyfriend's microwave". Just pick one and move on. You're racing against the clock a bit here.

Fine. OK, they're drying. What now?

Now you are going to need to make your boyfriend think that he was the one who wet the bed.

Ooh... That does sound like a good plan. How?

Is he particularly stupid?

No. Not really... A bit.

Stupid enough to think he wet the bed if you just tell him he did?

No. Is anyone that stupid?

Oh I know someone that stupid... Anyway. In that case you are going to have to make him actually wet the bed.

How am I supposed to pull that off?

You are going to need: A large bowl, water, ice. Combine those. Stick his hand in it. Never fails.

Really? I thought you were meant to use warm water. And also that that is an urban myth and doesn't work.

Who are you going to trust here? Just give it a go.

He doesn't have any ice.

Did you check the freezer?

Of course I checked the fucking freezer! Where else do people keep ice?

What kind of a savage doesn't have ice? What does he put in his merlot?

He has frozen vegetables; would those do?

Probably. Are they frozen peas? Open up the bag and just chuck them in your water bowl. It needs to be really cold.

OK. The frozen peas are in the water.

Super. Now sneak in and put his hand in the cold water.

Done. But... he isn't peeing. Also I think he's starting to wake up!

Damn. I really thought that might have worked. Put the bowl down; you don't want him waking up to find you standing over him in the dark, naked, holding a bowl of pea filled cold water.

Yeah that would be harder to explain then wetting the bed in the first place.

*Loud beeping noise*

Fuck!

What's happening?

The fire alarm has gone off!

Fuck!

*Loud crash as loud beeping noise continues*

Fuck!

What's happening?

He slipped on the bowl of pea water and fell hand first into the dresser. He's bleeding really bad. What do I do?

Congratulations! You no longer need to hide that you peed in your boyfriend's bed. Should you desire any further help please consult our guide; So you have possibly killed your boyfriend trying to keep him from finding out that you peed in his bed.

*003*2016-05-23 01:42

{{On 5/19/2016 at 0:49 PM, Minervafan110 said:

Lol O damn flee the scene and don't tell a soul

}}

Yeah that would be a good decision :p But it's going to look super weird whenever it gets investigated, right :p

*006*2016-06-02 01:42

{{On 5/27/2016 at 1:32 PM, guest said:

Holy twist ending, Batman!

}}

I know right? Maybe considering how long to put underwear in the microwave for would be a good plan? :p

