P-33 bot: the first experiment

Author: WetLittleBunny

*000*2024-06-27 10:05

(writing this while desperate let's see if I can hold till the end)

Inspired by : an ai bot I once made lol

###

The whole world got taken over by inteligent robots, humans were close to extinction. Whenever a robot managed to catch one, the human would fall victim to experimentation.

Mary was trying to have a normal day, she lived in a forest far away from the robots but somehow P-33 bot still managed to capture her.

Mary woke up in a weird white room, there was nothing but a bed and a sink in the room. She immediately recognized the weird white clothes she was wearing, tight white shorts and flowy white t-shirt, the uniform the prisoners of the robots wore.

P-33: "oh you're awake subject nr 1. Hello, I'm bot P-33."

The robotic man walked into the room with an empty glass.

P-33: "you should feel honored, you're the first human I'll experiment on and the first human to help us study the human bladder!"

The bot walked over to the sink and filled the glass to the top where it showed 500ml. Then he passed the glass to Mary.

Mary: "what's going on? I have to drink this? I don't want to be part of your stupid experiment!"

Mary stood up defiantly which angered her captor.

P-33: "you can drink it on your own accord or we'll find a different way to fill your bladder. We need to measure your full capacity so you need to hold it, if you leak you'll have to drink twice the amount of your leak, so you better hold because if you wet we'll force you to hold even more next time. This way we'll be sure to properly measure the capacity and durability of a human bladder!"

Mary heard stories of captured humans, usually they would be submitted to more gruesome tortures, Mary's couldn't be that bad? Right? She knew that she couldn't escape anyway, no human ever did. It was better to listen and get on the robots good side. Mary sighed deeply and started drinking from the glass.

The robot seemed very pleased he patted he head like a pet.

P-33: "good girl! Drink it all because I have to give you even more!"

After the second glass Mary felt how she was getting filled up, her kidneys finally started passing the urine into her bladder and the litre she just drank will surely catch up to her soon.

[Picture 1]

&&

P-33: "hmm the subject started squirming... I have to note that down... Subject seems to be quite weak"

Mary: "ey! Rude!"

Mary crossed her legs as the desperation grew.

P-33: "oh so you're not weak? Okay then, I'm sure you can handle another 1.5 litre."

Mary quickly regreted snapping back. Without hesitation the bot handed her the next glass. Mary hated herself for her comment, but she knew there was no fighting it. She obediently drank the glass fully. Her bladder was feeling very full now. She crossed her legs and squirmed around.

P-33: "now I'll give you the next glass, but first please stop crossing your legs."

Mary: "what? Why?!"

P-33: "I need to make sure you're not leaking"

Mary squirmed desperately. While drinking the next glass she uncrossed her legs. Without a way to properly hold herself she felt like she might leak.

[Picture 2]

&&

P-33: "hmmm okay okay... Now this will be your last glass today, that'll be about 2.5 litres for you."

P-33 handed Mary a glass, she tried to drink as fast as possible to get it over with.

[picture 3]

&&

Mary's face went pale when she felt the small leak in her underwear. The robot immediately noticed her small accident.

P-33:" oh. Your bladder seems leaky now. We have to fill up what you just let out. It seems like it was about 200ml so you'll have to drink 400ml."

Mary : "please no! I need to pee so badly!"

The bot was merciless, he handed her the glass."

P-33:" that's the point of the experiment human. Subjects as yourself don't have an opinion, I decide. You should have controlled that weak leaky bladder of yours instead of complaining."

Mary sniffled and slowly drank the glass. Her bladder was full to the max and it started to stretch and hurt.

Mary:" can i at least cross my legs now? Please please!"

Mary was shaking from desperation, P-33 shook his head. He had to see if his subject didn't leak, crossing legs was not permitted.

Mary's bladder was starting to bulge now and it interested the bot.

[Picture 4]

&&

He pressed on the girls bladder with his firm robotic hand. Mary cried out and a small dribble ran down her thighs. Her underwear was wet. P-33 was displeased with her weakness. He had to punish her with another drink. Mary's bladder was hit by waves of desperation. Mary tried to cross her legs but P-33 stopped her and spread her legs a bit.

[picture 5 and 6]

&&

&&

P-33: "humans are so weak, even their bladders which they're supposed to control. You fascinate me human"

Mary cried out. Her bladder spasmed.

[picture 7 and 8]

&&

&&

Mary couldn't hold it. Warm pee ran down her legs as she moaned in delight of relief. P-33 bot quickly noted down his observations and what he had yet to study.

Unfortunately for Mary she was just a subject 1, she had no time for relaxing or enjoying her emptiness. She got quickly reminded where she was.

P-33: "so as our rules suggest, now we have to fill you up with 5litres, let's see how your weak human body handles that"

###

So I hope you enjoyed my first fictional story here ☺️

I desperately wanted to share it

😆

So the next story, should it be about Mary's demise with the 5litres or should we capture a subject nr 2?

(for anyone interested in my hold, no I didn't make it to the end ✨)

*002*2024-07-08 23:56

{{On 7/7/2024 at 3:46 PM, mojoomojojo said:

Ooh what a cruel robot! i love this setup and the story. and the added pics were a nice touch!

}}

I'm really glad you liked it, I've had the idea for this set up for a while now, I'll probably post another story with P-33 bot soon 😆

