Puddling

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2015-06-15 00:45

Chapter 1 - Morning

Miriam

Dear Diary

I wet the bed once as a newlywed, long before Brian and I hated each other, before his mother died, even before Richard or Emma were born.

Brian and I were visiting his mother, here in this house, when it was hers and not mine. And since Brian was mine and not hers there was quite a bit of tension between the two of us and the three of us had spent a rather disagreeable evening together, glaring at each other across the polished oak table and the jugged hare.

Later Brian had been displeased with my behavior, though I honestly remember his mother being the cause of our dissention, and we had had a small fight about it back in the cosy spare bedroom upstairs. It was nothing of the fights we would be fated to have, but back in those days I cared about his feelings and feel asleep feeling guilty.

I woke up a few hours later needing the loo. I couldn’t see anything in the darkness of that room so I lay in the darkness and pondered my options. I could slip out of bed, try for the door, probably crash into an ottoman in the dark and break my neck, and get lost looking for the loo. I could wake up Brian, who would be annoyed with me for it, but who would presumably help me turn on a light and direct me the right way. Or I could just hang on till morning.

I was annoyed with Brian for having taken his Mother’s side and didn’t really want to ask him for anything. I also didn’t really fancy bumping around the house, so I figured I’d be fine and that if I woke up a little bit desperate later on I could make a different decision at that point.

I woke up a lot desperate later on. I woke up so desperate that I didn’t have time the slip out of bed and crash into an ottoman and break my neck. I woke up so desperate that I didn’t even have time to wake up Brian and ask him to help me with lights and directions. I woke up so desperate I had just about enough time to realise I was more desperate than I had ever been in my entire life. And then I wet the bed.

I didn’t even try to stop once I’d started, it just felt too good to not be desperate for the loo anymore.

Of course then panic set in. I could hear my pounding heart inside my head. Brian was not impressed. His mother was not impressed. I managed to avoid ever sleeping in her house again whilst she was alive. It was only decades later, with her dead of apoplexy and Brian living in Surrey with Danielle that her house became my bed and breakfast. A hobby of sorts, I don’t really need the money, but meeting new people keeps me busy now that Richard and Emma are at university. And Brian is in Surrey with fucking Danielle.

After that I didn’t wet the bed for twenty-five years. I’d learned my lesson about getting up if you wake up with a full bladder. I didn’t wet the bed in our house in Ashworth, or Eastshire, or Thurwood. Not even when I was pregnant and getting up four and five times a night and was so tired that just putting off an urge and getting up a little later was tempting. It was only after moving into Brian’s Mother’s old house in Puddling that I wet the bed again.

Doctor Doyle says that there isn’t anything wrong with me, that it just happens sometimes, to a lot of people, and that I should do my pelvic floor exercises and try to avoid drinking an hour before bed. But really, I’m only 47 and I’ve wet the bed half a dozen times in the last nine months.

The doctor is right though. People wet the bed a lot more than you would think. I’ve only realised this since I’ve opened the bed and breakfast. I’ve had to put waterproof sheets on the beds in both guest bedrooms as well as my own. Maybe it’s just something about Puddling, radiation or a gypsy curse or something like that.

Anyway, I’m writing this down today because it happened again. I had the dream where I relived wetting the bed as a newlywed and then woke up having actually wet the bed in the here and now. I’ll leave you now diary to pop the wet things in the washer, have a quick shower, and get breakfast started for the guests. Ben and Jenna. Different rooms, don’t know each other. But they are both of an age and single so maybe I could suggest they spend some time together today. You never know where love can strike.

*001*2015-06-20 02:17

Ben

The sky stretched and pulled at itself and then came apart and tore like spiderweb. I ran through the dark woods, dodging trees that reached out with sylvan fingers and leaping fallen logs, headless of unknown perils beyond. I dared not look back at the sky for through it, I knew, would descend pursuing demons, demons longing for my soul. Pure fear and deepest terror filled me. My heart raced. My legs ached. My bladder throbbed.

I could sense the demons gaining on me, effortlessly, their feet not touching the ground. My feet landed awkwardly and I fell onto the mossy earth face first. I pulled myself back to my feet and froze at the look of the demon waiting for me. I tried to scream but no sound came. I could feel myself wetting my pants as the demon stepped silently forward.

I woke up with a pounding heart in the most peaceful place I could have imagined. The quaint village of Puddling, in a little bed and breakfast on the edge of town. Nothing at all like the hell I dreamed up.

Light shone warmly through the generous windows bathing the room in dawn’s early brightness. The room certainly wasn’t decorated to my taste, all pink cushions and delicate woodwork and patterned china. I like more modern clean lines and simple utilitarian furniture, something Swedish.

I rolled onto my side and felt the sheets and my boxers stick wetly to me as I did. Did I really sweat that much from the nightmare? Oh God… I’m a lot wetter than just sweat I realised in a combination of horror and excitement. I’ve gone and wet someone else’s bed…

I’m instantly hard, the fear of the nightmare receding into memory. I’ve never had an actual accident while I’ve been asleep before. It’s thrilling. I’m going to have to tell Miriam about it. Confess to her that I’ve wet her bed. Miriam is a really rather good looking woman. In her late 40s probably, so a bit old for me, but she still has a lovely curvy figure and blond curls that she probably spends a fortune maintaining. Obviously I’ll pay for a new mattress. It would be a worthwhile trade for this experience. Maybe Jenna will find out?

Jenna is the other guest staying at the bed and breakfast this weekend, pretty in a sharp nosed sort of angular way. We stayed up quite late last night after Miriam went to bed talking and drinking brandy. I really like Jenna, she’s full of fascinating insights and we actually live only about fifteen minutes drive from each other, so I’m thinking I might try and ask her out on a date next weekend. I don’t really want Jenna to find out about this, it would put her off. Pants-wetting puts most women off in my experience. I’ll ask Miriam not to mention it to her.

As much as I’d like to stay in bed and enjoy my accident to the fullest I’d also like to get to the shared shower before Jenna wakes up, so I slip out of bed, grab a towel, and rush into the bathroom.

In the shower, underneath the warm water, I find myself hard again, thinking about how I’m going to have to tell Miriam that I wet myself. And thinking about Jenna wetting herself. Because the one thing I’ve most wanted to see in the world is a beautiful women like her have an accident. I orgasm quickly.

Jenna

I shifted my legs in discomfort beneath the polished oak conference table. It is one of those overly large things that companies that want to pretend that they are more profitable and important than they really are like to buy to impress clients. I really wanted to cross my legs but my skirt is just too tight for that to be physically possible. That doesn’t make any sense. Maybe the dry cleaners have managed to shrink it on me or something. I know I won’t say anything about it. And finding another dry cleaner would probably be too much effort since my current one is only two doors down from the office. I’ll just have to put up with them occasionally fucking up my clothes.

The invited speaker is pointing to some sort of graph up on the smart-board at the front of the room, I really should try and concentrate on what he is saying. Or at the very least look like I'm concentrating. I like to sit at the front of my chair and lean back because it’s better for your spine and my Mum’s back is all messed up from too much sitting at desks. My boss absolutely hates that. It sends a message that I’m lazy but the company HR manual literally tells us to sit that way. I’m sure no one else has ever read the manual but me. Actually I only read it because I actually am a little bit lazy and one day I didn’t feel like working but didn’t want to get busted on Facebook or something. So maybe I sit like that out of spite or something, on a subconscious level, but if anyone asks it’s because I don’t want to end up like Mum.

It would be easier to concentrate if I wasn’t so absolutely busting to go to the toilet, but then there wasn’t a whole lot I could do about that. My boss is one of those gruff middle-aged men with an overextended mortgage and a nagging wife and he wouldn’t take me just getting up and walking out of such an important meeting well. There would be consequences. Jefferson account consequences. So I just have to grit my teeth and hold it. I am pretty good at that. I hated using the toilets at school growing up because they were always filthy, kids are fucking gross.

So I got really good at hanging on. That’s probably why I’m kind of in to pee holding. Like on a sexual level. I think about what would happen if I just let go and pissed myself here at the table. People would totally lose their shit. But it would be way, way, too embarrassing. I would never actually do it. I’ve never wet my pants. I’ve thought about it sure, but I don’t really like embarrassment one bit so I’ve never done it and probably never will.

The graph that the guest speaker is wildly gesticulating at seemed to have something to do with losses in corn yield due to weasel infestation. That is fairly strange, presumably one of those unrelated example type situations that actually really does apply to your own situation and by looking at it you learn that there is more to things than just the hyper specific things you spend your life looking at. Or something. Guest speakers are time wasting bullshit really. I really need to be paying attention. Which I can’t. Because I’m seriously about to flood the conference room.

The man speaking seems to have started speaking in some sort of foreign language. German maybe? I don’t know any languages other than English. I sucked at language class at school. Really sucked, I just can’t think in other languages. I certainly didn’t know why a presentation at my company would be given in a language no one working there speaks. Unless they actually do all speak German because looking around the table everyone seems rapt with the speaker. What the total fuck? Is this some sort of candid camera type situation? At least they aren’t paying attention to me. Keeping the fact I’m busting over here secret is taking effort and I just can’t seem to keep my legs still any more. If I try I’m going to wet myself for sure.

I’m just going to have to just get up and leave. Consequences be damned. If I wait any longer I’m going to have an accident. Having made up my mind I managed to half stand up when it happens. I leak. Only a little, but it shocks me. Remember I haven’t wet my pants since I was tiny. So I sit back down, paralysed with indecision.

No one is paying any attention to me but I feel trapped. For some reason I feel sure that if I try to stand up again I will just start peeing myself right now. But I also know that I can’t possibly hang on until the end of the meeting. And even if I do, what would I do at that point?

Another leak trickles out of me. I can feel it on the backs of my thighs. Now I really can’t get up. Surely my skirt will show an obvious wet patch on the bum. Fuck. Well… You always wanted this right? Now you get it. Eyes suddenly full of tears I stare fixedly at the speaker and let the words I can’t understand wash over me. Bit by bit I wet myself. Soaking my undies. My skirt. I can hear it running off the chair and dripping onto the carpet. But still no one looks at me. I’m dying of embarrassment. How could this happen to me? How could I let this happen? What the fuck is wrong with me?

Then out of nowhere my boss calls out. In English. “Jenna? Can you go down the front and offer our reply to the proposal?” My heart literally fucking explodes.

I knew instantly that I’d wet the bed. I could just tell that that was what that dream was about. Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Of all the nights to wet the fucking bed for the first time in twenty fucking years it has to be the night I’m staying in a fucking B&B. Fuckety fuck.

There isn’t any way to cover this up, to fix it. I’m completely soaked. God… I’m going to have to tell Miriam… What if she yells at me?

I can hear water running behind the far wall. That hot guy from last night, Ben, must be taking a shower. I wouldn’t mind taking a shower with him… But I’m not insanely forward like that. I imagine how he would freak the fuck out when the plain, boring girl staying in the other room walks in on him having a shower and asks to share. The plain, boring girl in the pissy pajamas walks in on him having a shower. Yeah that's not going to go over well. But I fantasise that it would. That he would be totally into me wetting the bed. That he wets the bed himself…

I slip my hand down my bottoms and rub my fingers along my folds. I can’t get up yet anyway. And it would be a shame to waste an actual accident. Those are so very, very rare.

*004*2015-06-23 14:33

Thank you Porewit and Gobphus, feedback is encouraging! :) I've outlined the story in advance, which I don't usually do. There will be eighteen point of view sections over 6 chapters, the above three POVs comprising Chapter 1. I've set myself to goal of a POV per week, and I'm pretty disciplined at hitting goals. And now I've said that I really have to try. :p

*007*2015-06-26 15:31

Luke

I have a terrible habit of talking for too long. Once I really get started I just can’t seem to wrap things up. I could see Claire Hastings shifting around in discomfort in the second pew next to her husband Gary. Once people start to shift about you know they are losing focus and you are really only talking to yourself anyway. Additionally I was feeling a sudden and rather urgent need to use the bathroom.

The church bathrooms were unusable yet again, the water was out, our pipes are just barely holding together these days. Apparently they need to be entirely replaced as soon as we can come up with the funds.

This meant I’d have to wait until I’d locked the church up after the service and walked home. In my youth I wouldn’t have given that a second thought, but soon after I moved to Puddling two years ago I started having some troubles with my own plumbing. Prostate issues. Doctor Doyle has run all the tests and he says that it isn’t anything that serious but I’m only forty-four, which I always thought was a bit young to have started having embarrassing bladder mishaps.

Usually it is only a small leak or two, though I’m abashed to admit that on rather a few occasions I’ve needed to change my trousers. Just last month I was pottering around in my vegetable patch, I grow some absolutely excellent tomatoes, when I began to need to urinate. I thought I could put it off until I had finished trimming the entire row. But when I stood up straight to go inside I suddenly realised just how badly I needed the toilet. I hurried as much as I could, but unfortunately I ended up completely soaking myself on the dining room floor.

So I’m starting to take signals from my bladder very seriously now. I wrapped up my sermon, which had probably gone overlong anyway and went through the final messages as quickly as was fair and reasonable. After I had reminded people to pray for the swift recovery of Mrs Flintish and to remember to bring in tins for the donation drive I apologised for St John’s once again lacking usable facilities. I noticed Claire’s face brief look of dismay at that final notice. She must have needed the loo as well. Though I doubt she needed it as much as I did.

I began to pack up as the final stragglers made their way out of the church and into the courtyard. I knew some of them would be gossiping amongst themselves but was cautiously optimistic that no one would hold me up for too long. Normally I love to chat with my parishioners and talk about their concerns, most of them anyway, but today felt like it was going to be extremely touch and go. I had an emergency in mind in case I needed to beg off any conversations. The problem with the waterworks. It was ironic, I know.

The church crowd, such that one or two dozen people constitutes a crowd, actually broke up uncharacteristically quickly. By the time I had turned off the lights and made my way outside the only person in sight was Miriam. Perhaps they were all running home to their bathrooms as well. I certainly wouldn’t have blamed them.

“Vicar!” Miriam beamed. Her smile was the kind of smile that couldn’t help but to warm your heart.

“Good morning Miriam.” I struggled to both keep my voice level and my bladder under control. “I’m so sorry but I have to hurry home at the moment. The waterworks are are rather pressing issue.”

Her smile slipped for a beat. I realised that that sounded like a terribly insincere reason to rush off on her. Surely they could wait five minutes. Well the church waterworks could, but mine very possibly couldn’t.

“Would you be able to walk with me to my door?” I offered, “or we could make an appointment?”

“To your door would be just fine Vicar.” Her smile was back, I felt a small thrill at pleasing her. “I just wanted to ask you a few questions about the fete.”

The church fete was still a month away but I realised I’d intended to remind everyone about it after the service and had forgotten in my desperation. Hopefully we would raise enough money to finally fix the plumbing once and for all.

I love talking with Miriam, she can always brighten my day, but now I just wanted her to suddenly remember something urgent she had to do so I could hobble home in peace and relieve my bursting bladder before I relieved it in my trousers.

It would have all been alright if as soon as we arrived at my gate we had wrapped up our conversation and Miriam had continued on to her house. I may still have had an accident before reaching my bathroom, very probably would have in all fairness, but that would have been preferable by far to what actually happened.

Every time I tried to break off our conversation she just kept smiling and talking. “I’m terribly sorry Miriam, but I just have to…” was met with a discourse about cake. “Perhaps we could pick this up again in a…” was followed by a recollection of last year’s lucky dip.

And eventually the inevitable happened.

My awareness shifted. I could feel the spreading warmth of each individual stream as they raced their way down my legs to pool inside my polished leather shoes. I could hear an impossibly loud hiss as my urine streamed at full force into my trousers, all control lost in an instant. I could see the crotch of my black trousers shine with wetness as I looked down in horror.

My awareness shifted back. I don’t know how much time had passed. Seconds probably. I was still urinating, though I couldn’t hear it any longer, perhaps I never could. Miriam was still smiling her usual smile and talking, though I’d lost track of her current topic. Was it too much to hope that I’d wet myself right in front of her and she hadn’t noticed?

“Well I better leave you to it Vicar.” She radiated warmth, “We’ll talk again soon.”

I’m sure I mumbled some sort of goodbye before rushing inside to clean myself up.

*010*2015-07-05 05:40

Claire

Gary knows I’m dying for a wee.

I can tell from the stiffening of his posture. I’m moving around too much and embarrassing him.

Well I’d like to sit still, I really would. But I can’t. Because I would wet my knickers. And I’d tell him all this except we have to be quiet and listen to the vicar. I haven’t been concentrating on him for at least half an hour. Luke is a good man and a good vicar, but he does tend to drone on a bit at Sunday services. Discursive, my mother would have said. To be entirely honest I’ve usually tuned out by now even when I don’t need a wee.

Usually I’m one of those people who always has a wee before leaving the house, and if I had done so this morning I wouldn’t be busting right now. But my daughter Zoe was using the bathroom this morning to get ready for work, she’s doing a few shifts at the petrol station for Beth Sanders while she works out what to do with life after school. I didn’t feel like having another fight with her about sharing our limited facilities, and figured I could just pop into the church loo before the service. Except the water is off again. Because of course it is. So instead I’m stuck here breaking my neck.

Gary is going to be pissed off at me about this later. It won’t do me much good to explain why I couldn’t use a loo earlier. He expects me to be able to just hold on forever, like he can, even though he has certainly had abundant experience over the years that I really can’t hold on forever.

I try not to think about what would happen if I just lost control right here. The familiar warmth flooding my knickers, a steady drip onto the floor. Probably it would flow along the pew and get Gary’s pants wet as well. That would go over just fantastically well.

Luckily, before I really realised what happened, the Vicar is telling us all to have a good week. That seemed to wrap up uncommonly quickly. Now all I have to do is make it home without making a puddle on the footpath. It will be touch and go, but at least if the worst happens it won’t be in front of anyone except Gary. Which will be embarrassing, but it’s not like it will be anything new.

I almost started weeing when I stood up. Have you ever noticed standing up makes you need to wee more than when you were sitting? Maybe it’s just me. But I clench my muscles as tight as possible and stay dry.

Outside I tell Gary that I might take the river path back home but that he should walk along the road. The river path takes a bit longer but it’s more private. He opens his mouth to question me, but then Beth walks over to us and suggests we walk home together. Before I can think of a way to get out of this arrangement, because there probably wasn’t one, Gary tells her that I was going to walk along the river path but he’d love to walk her home.

This might look like Gary was trying to get some time with Beth without me. But it isn’t. He doesn’t particularly like her, he just knows from my body language that I might have an accident and doesn’t want me to embarrass him in front of Beth.

I’m still grateful. I don’t want to give her time to suggest we all take the river path so I smile, wish her a great day, and march off as quickly as I can.

I had a vague idea in mind that it might be possible to squat down somewhere along the river path and have a quiet wee behind a bush. Unfortunately at this time of the year Puddling tends to attract a few tourists and apparently they were all taking a stroll along the river path at this exact moment in time. I saw one charming young couple that rather reminded me of Gary and myself twenty years ago chatting amiably and carrying a wicker picnic basket. I’d have appreciated their happiness more with an empty bladder.

It was almost a surprise when I reached my front gate without having let myself down. But getting the damned front door key to turn in the lock proved a struggle. Gary has been saying for years that he is going to fix it. By the time I wrestled the door open I was dribbling into my knickers. Have you ever noticed how that happens? It’s like your bladder know it’s about to be relieved and just jumps in a little bit early. I was still hopeful that I could get away with something less than an actual complete pants wetting.

But it just wasn’t to be. I made it as far as the bathroom. The loo was literally just a few feet away. But my poor bladder let me down. There was no point trying to hoist up skirts or tear off tights, it was like a flash flood, pouring out of me scalding hot.

After I was finished, and my puddle was running itself away, partly, down the bathroom drain, I quickly stripped off my clothes and threw them in the washer. It would be impossible to keep this from Gary, he knew I was busting and would realise that the only reason I’d wash the clothes I was wearing was if I’d wet them.

I jumped in the shower and washed away my frustration. I wish, just once, that Gary would wet himself so that he would understand how it feels. But I doubt that is ever going to happen.

