Housemates: Dry Spell

Author: Weasel

*000*2019-02-01 04:59

Hello, gentle readers. The latest installment in the ongoing saga of Meagan, Parker -- and apparently Zephyr.

(Just now noticing this series? The latest "season" starts with "Road Trip", then proceeds through several more chapters. Earlier seasons available for trade via PM.)

So for everyone who thought the Christmas Eve story was cute and all was well with our favorite couple... *evil laughter*

Enjoy.

###

I need your arms around me, I need to feel your touch

I need your understanding, I need your love so much

You tell me that you love me so, you tell me that you care

But when I need you—baby, you’re never there

There is nothing more depressing than a bedraggled January, with dirty snow and crusty mud, with sneaky drips and invisible ice, with skies that were neither stormy nor sunny. Nothing more depressing—unless it was a love affair that felt like a bedraggled January.

Parker was in the middle of both.

In order to graduate, Meagan needed to take a heavy course load. In order to graduate with honors—which she’d pegged as a necessity for future scholarships—she needed to knock every one of those credits out of the park with straight A’s. She was living in the library now, at least when she wasn’t in class and she wasn’t at work. She was never home for dinner, rarely there for breakfast, since she worked late and then got up early to work out. She’d been forced to quit the Ultimate team, too—and Parker had been going less and less often himself. She made a point to see him every day at lunch—except from those days when she had to stay after a class and talk to a professor, which was often enough. She made time for him every Saturday—except when there was a paper due. Most every weekend they had a perfunctory fuck. Or a quick blow job. Or just a handie, for the days when she was really feeling rushed and “not in the mood” but “didn’t want to neglect him.”

Things had felt so right over Christmas. But over the break they hadn’t had homework, they hadn’t had classes, they hadn’t had jobs. All of that and more was waiting for them as they’d pulled into the driveway at Franklin House. All of that and more nibbled at the edges of the relationship, wearing them down. Meagan apologized at least three times a week, but couldn’t stop or take a breather.

Part of the trouble was that January has little to look forward to. The semester was already highly intense and seemed likely to stay that way. It would be a long, long time until Spring Break.

She made a point of kissing him every single day.

First you say you’re too busy

I wonder if you even miss me

There is nothing more depressing than a fading January love affair—unless it was a failing February love affair, complete with a Valentine’s Day entirely forgotten in the shuffle. That was the day Parker went home, lay down on the empty bed, and thought, I’m losing you.

That was also the day he fired up his laptop in the lonely room and went searching for what he wanted.

He found it at the website named “Female Desperation,” complete with a cartoon woman bent over and grabbing her crotch. He skimmed through the photos, stopping arrested at a few series of shots, such as a few “waiting in line” pictures, but before long he settled on the stories, and after that he was cleaning up the mess with some tissues, feeling weird in his belly.

The next day he woke up when Meagan kissed him goodbye. She didn’t notice that he’d woken up, and without a word she slipped out to go to the gym. He crawled out of bed so he’d be gone when she got back.

He went to class, and Zephyr was there.

He’d been annoyed, the first day of class, to find her beside him in the discussion. Now he was glad to see her. Zephyr-in-class was far less annoying than Zephyr-at-home; she was vastly more serious and thoughtful. There was also the advantage that she was routinely wearing all the clothes he would like, and almost never looked desperate. So in class she was just a friend, not a hassle.

Of course, now that she was much more of a friend, that was carrying over back at the house, and so they were hanging out back at Franklin rather more, too. Which Parker was less and less concerned by.

Today Zephyr looked up and smiled as he sat down. “G’morning,” she said.

“Morning.”

“What did you think of the reading for today? I kept meaning to ask you.”

“Didn’t finish.”

“Here, you can sneak a peek at my notes. But what’s on your mind?”

He shrugged.

“No, seriously. I’ve lived with you for four months now, I know when you’re off your game.”

“It’s Meagan,” he said.

“Have you two been fighting?”

“I almost wish we had been. Then we could make up. No, no fighting. No nothing, really.”

“She’s not around much, huh?”

“Yeah.”

“And that’s probably gonna keep happening, right? Especially when she’s in grad school?”

“Oh yeah.”

“That sucks, man. I’m sorry.”

Parker didn’t participate in class much that day. Instead he listened to Zephyr hold forth, trying to reconcile her savvy analysis she was dispensing with the girl too stubborn to take a piss break during Halo. This slid into a fantasy he’d been spinning lately, about driving back to Franklin House with Zephyr and Meagan desperate in the car—an attempt to ease his conscience, of course, which wasn’t working quite as well as he wanted it to. Somehow that fantasy always ended with both girls naked.

“Oof, next stop the restroom,” Zephyr said, cautiously getting up out of her seat.

That sent a little electricity running through Parker’s already half-aroused body.

“What’s that?” said the girl sitting on the other side of Zephyr.

“Long class, small bladder. Sorry, too much information…”

“Oh, I hear you. Just be glad this isn’t one of Dr. Davis’s classes. An hour and a half on Friday afternoons, and he talks so softly and so slowly. One time I had some extra coffee to try and stay awake. Bad decision. I missed half the lecture because I could barely pay attention, and finally I had to run from the room. So embarrassing!”

“Hey, girl, until you’ve wet your track shorts on the bus in front of the entire team, you’re doing just fine.”

“Ooh, that sounds terrible…”

Terrible is one word for it, Parker thought. This was a little too close to his fantasy for comfort.

“—But hey, you did track too? What was your event?”

Thank god for changes of subject.

“Pole vault,” Zephyr said.

Shit, spoke too soon. Pole vaulters are so hot…

“Oh, wow. I was a sprinter, I never had the guts to do something like that. I was scared of hurdles…”

The girls left the room, and Parker scraped himself together.

It wasn’t until he was walking back to Franklin for lunch that he realized Zephyr had, unknowingly, answered his conundrum. Why was she so smart in class and why did she get so desperate while gaming? Confidence, in both cases. Pole vaulters had to have supreme self-confidence.

And astonishing full-body fitness, too.

Fuck.

Never there

You’re never there

You’re never ever ever ever there

Meagan is driving, and Zephyr is in the passenger seat, and he’s in back watching both. Both are desperate. Zephyr is incredibly squirmy; Meagan is stone-still. Both are delightful.

“Meagan, please stop!” Zephyr wails. “I’m about to wet my panties!”

“I can’t stop, we’ve got just enough gas to get home,” Meagan says. “Just another few minutes and we’ll be at the gas station. I’ve gotta go bad too, y’know.”

But of course they hit every red light before they made it to the gas station. “Can you get the gas, hon?” Meagan says. “We’ve got to go.”

He appreciatively watches them run off, then starts pumping. But scarely has he begun when the girls come running back.

“Bathroom’s taken,” Meagan says. “We’ll have to wait and go at the house.”

Zephyr is practically writhing now, hand on her crotch, dancing in a circle. Meagan is on full lockdown but has her legs crossed. “Can we just go, hon?” Meagan asks. “We don’t need a full tank, just enough to get us back to the house.”

“Well, we’ve got a quarter-tank now.”

“Good enough. And can you drive?”

They jump in, both girls looking absolutely frantic. Parker guides the car over to the exit, and then has to wait for the light to turn (Zephyr whimpering in the back seat) and then finally makes the turn. Fortunately Franklin House is not far; once the light was green, they are there inside a minute. The girls leap out of the car, fumble with the door, and go dashing upstairs. Parker follows more slowly. To his amazement both are still outside the bathroom, both clearly still desperate.

“Someone’s taking a shower in both bathrooms…” Meagan says.

“I gotta pee so bad!” Zephyr whines.

“Come on, we can wait in our room,” Meagan says. All three of them step in.

Zephyr is doing an insanely frantic pee-dance—and pulls off her shirt. Naturally she isn’t wearing a bra. “I’m so hot,” she says.

“Me too, hon. I wish I could do what you do and just go topless,” Meagan says.

“Just go ahead and do it! We’ve all seen you…”

Needing no further prompting, Meagan strips off her own shirt. She, too, is not wearing a bra.

“Oh, wow,” Zephyr says. “I gotta pee so bad—but I just have to touch your boobs, Meagan. They’re so lovely. Is that okay?”

“You can touch mine if I can touch yours.”

So both girls are feeling each other up now.

“Aaaah, I’m about to piss myself—but I’m kinda getting turned on!”

“Me too. Mmmm. I like it when you touch me there…”

“I’m gonna take off my shorts.”

“Good idea, I don’t want to piss in mine.”

Both Meagan and Zephyr strip naked, hands clutching their pussies. “I’m about to explode!” Zephyr squeals.

“Here, let me help,” Meagan says, putting one hand on Zephyr’s crotch and one on her own. She starts to finger herself—and Zephyr too. Parker, watching, pulls out his hard-on and begins jacking off.

“Aww, fuck, I’m about to piss,” Meagan moans. “Parker, I need you in me!”

“Me too!” Zephyr says.

Parker steps over to slip into Meagan’s desperately-tight vagina.

“I want you next, Parker,” Zephyr says. “Oh no, I can’t hold it…!”

“Whew, what a gusher,” Meagan said as Parker came in her hand.

He lay back, panting. She was lying next to him, fully clothed, looking exhausted but triumphant at the success of her hand job.

“That worked,” she said. “I don’t know what I did differently that time, but it really worked.”

He said nothing. After all, what could he have said? In mute apology to her (without her knowing what he was doing), he reached for her.

“Not tonight, hon,” she said—mumbled, really. She was half-asleep already. “M’be tmmrrw…”

Take the time to get to know me

If you want me, why can’t you just show me?

We’re always on this roller coaster

If you want me, why can’t you get closer?

“I’m so hot,” Zephyr says, pulling off her shirt.

“Me too, hon. I wish I could do what you do and just go topless,” Meagan says.

“Just go ahead and do it! We’ve all seen you…”

Needing no further prompting, Meagan strips off her own shirt. She, too, is not wearing a bra.

Just then Dacy comes in. “Hey, what are you all doing?”

“We both really really need to pee!” Zephyr said, excitedly. “And it’s making me hot so I took my shirt off. Join us!”

“Well—honestly, I am a little jealous of you. But Parker’s right there.”

“I’ve seen it all before,” he says suavely, glossing over just when and where and how he’d done so. “Go right ahead.”

“Okay, then!” And she strips off her dress. Since she is wearing nothing but a thong underneath, her huge breasts spill out wild and free.

“Oh, wow,” Zephyr says. “I gotta pee so bad—but I just have to touch your boobs, Dacy. They’re so lovely. Is that okay?”

Wait. Why stop there?

[rewinding noise goes here]

Dacy is driving, and Zephyr is in the passenger seat, and he’s in back with Meagan watching all three. All three girls are desperate. Zephyr and Dacy are incredibly squirmy; Meagan is stone-still. All are delightful. He can’t wait to see Dacy naked, with her hands on her pussy… in fact…

[fast-forward]

“Fuck, fuck, I’m about to piss myself,” Dacy says. She’s got both hands on her pussy, pushing up her astonishing breasts with her arms.

“It’s okay for you, you’re just in a thong,” Meagan says. “If you peed right now, you might just plain miss your underwear.”

“Well, take yours off, then!”

“Dacy, I am about to explode all over the floor—but I just have to touch your boobs, Dacy, they’re so lovely…”

No, I want to play it out all the way.

[rewind (again)]

All three girls are running to the bathroom at the gas station. But he knows that they won’t be able to use it, that there’s someone in there. The gas starts pumping, but his eyes never leave the gas station door. All three come running back. Slow-motion, now:

Zephyr clutching herself with one hand as she runs, panic in her eyes.

Dacy looking just as panicked, but the real appeal here is her breasts bouncing all over the place (after all, later on she’ll be topless just by taking off her dress, so she must be braless now) and her short dress nearly flashing her tiny underwear at Parker with every stride.

Meagan looking determined, but with that Yeah, I know you think this is hot look in her eyes. In fact, she looks down at his hard-on and licks her lips, knowing what’s to come…

Parker came again, alone in the dark of their room. It was a pitiful climax for all that build-up. He stayed kneeling on the bed, his spunk soaking through the tissue and dripping onto the sheets. Then he deliberately banged his head against the wall—once, twice—and half-gasped, half-snarled.

What the fuck am I doing?

What the fuck are we doing? Doing to each other?

I’m losing you…

...and you’re losing me.

Never there

You’re never there

You’re never ever ever—

