" Holding Isn't My Forte " P2

Author: Wettingfan

*000*2013-01-17 01:15

( The long awaited! Continued from December 7th. A quick recap, two characters, high school, Angel & Kelsy, both have weak bladders. )

'Dear diary,

I don't know how she managed it, but Kelsy made me have an accident. Not a bike or car crash. She made me pee myself,' wrote Angel, biting her pencil a little bit as she thought, sitting on her pink bed. Ever since Angel's accident, only a mere eighteen hours ago, she had to hide her jeans. If her parents found out, Angel's hopes for an adult and mature life were over. Strict parents weren't even the half of it. Her brother, boyfriend, everyone else, if they found out, her social life would be over.

' Angel the jeans pisser! '

' Not even a real angel could've saved her jeans! '

She shuttered just thinking about, bit her pencil a little more, then decided diary writing time was over. She placed the diary on the bedside table, and looked over at her phone sitting next to it.

A text from Kelsy.

' Hows my little accidently on purpose? ;) ' read the embarassing text. It was just a joke, Kelsy had been teasing her about her accident since she left. Angel remembered back to the awkward walk home. She passed two people, and without a change of clothes. The awkwardness of having two strangers stare at your jeans which you had peed in was immense, at least for Angel.

Angel grabbed her phone, and texted back:

' Good.. Just a little embarrassed, I really didn't want to pee myself Kelsy. Its humiliating '

Kelsy read the text and snickered a little bit, then texted back.

' Lighten uppppp, it was just a joke. Not the end of the world if your bum got a little wet! '

Angel grew frustrated halfway through the text, then threw her phone on the ground.

Not the end of the world!? I PISSED MYSELF! And so did she..

Angel looked under her bed, and smelled urine immediately. She grabbed her skinny jeans, still damp and showing signs of being wet, one of those being the smell. Suddenly, an amazing idea popped into her head. She brushed brown hair out of her cute face, then open her door just a little to see if anyone was outside.

No one.

Pissy jeans in hand, she walked across the hallway, and to the bathroom. In front of her, was a locked door.

Damn it..

She ran back to her room, and hid her damp jeans under the bed again. She hoped it wouldn't hurt the carpet.

Suddenly, a filling feeling hit her bladder.

Damn it.. Again.. I have to pee.

Surprisingly, when she went back to the bathroom, the door was locked. Usually, the top floor bathroom was always open, as her and her brother were the only people with upstairs bedrooms. Her parents shared a room on the mid floor, then no one even touched the basement.

The two bathroom house was empty though. Her parents were gone a few nights, her brother over at his friends house.

Why was the bathroom locked?

Angel knocked against the door, angrily. Nothing. She looked inbetween the crack of the door and floor. Nobody was in there.

Angel ran downstairs.

This is why houses have two bathrooms.

She walked casually, showing little to no sign of desperation, towards her parents bathroom. Locked. No one in it.

No.. He didn't.

Angel walked furiously towards a note lying on the kitchen table, then read it.

Hey, sis, I thought both the bathrooms were a little broken, so I locked them. Hope you and your so called strong bladder have fun!

' NO! God dammit! '

Angel was so angry, blood boiled in her. But pee was also building up, and the short 5'2 girl was hopping from foot to foot in tight medium blue skinny jeans. Her beautiful thighs were wrapped around each other in a desperate battle to contain her newfound heavy amount of urine inside her bladder.

END OF P2

Gimme feedback!

CHOICES TO CONTINUE THE STORY:

She sadly, knowing she won't make it, pees her pants on the spot.

She continues holding.

She continues holding while texting Kelsy.

*004*2013-01-18 04:28

It's been too long since I did P1. I was considering not even doing this due to the lack of feedback. The only reason this is a "pick a scenario" is because I want to see if people enjoy my stories enough to notice things like that, as well as give me feedback. Thank you, and to answer any further questions, Kelsy and Angel will star in a continuous desperation saga. Sorry, but no messing. I am not a fan of that, sorry to anyone hoping for that in the future.

