The Best Day

Author: wetpirate

*000*2019-04-21 10:00

I might pick up on activity, get a bit more involved. I hope y'all enjoy this one.

Before we start, this is based in a California High School, some Characters will be underaged. None of the locations mentioned are meant to be real.

The Best Day

It was a Wednesday, the short day in the school week. As I woke in bed, nothing out of the usual. I was still a tall guy, wearing superhero pajamas to bed. So I got up, grabbed a tank top from the arm of my elliptical machine & admired my teeth in the mirror before I brushed. They were pretty red - a couple days ago my friend said I had bad breath - so I went a bit excessive on cleaning. I just licked away the blood to pretty fine teeth. From there I continued getting dressed over a hour, as well as doing some minor morning chores. Then I hopped in my friend's Jeep around 7 am & off we went to Loma Alta High.

He had to park my transport down the road from the school since parking was limited. Being a big school, we even have student parking but we require a lottery to determine who gets to park there. I make my way into school, to the morning hangout spot in the quad. Jeremy, Jose, and others. Just chewing off, looking around & commenting on shenanigans. My friend & I were talking about a teacher of ours having a kid that comes here. Of course he pointed her out "She's the short ginger" he says. Well, she was more than that. Milky white skin, petite physique, & a modest dresser. Just the type methinks.

After that the bell rang & we went along with our day. The work was of no importance today. I could only think of that girl. Mrs. Neil's daughter was a beauty. I'm not sure if it was the influence of Anime that morphed my preferences in Women. Maybe it's just deeply seated in me, perhaps in all men there lies a desire for the flat chest!? My answers remain out of mine own grasp. But what is certain is my attraction for this gift of the Heavens - it'd be nice if she had cats or fox ears though.

It was around lunch when I saw her again, I was spending time with some younger friends of mine. She was in the Technology building the same as me? But she was looking frantic. As a Gentleman I broke off & asked her what the matter was. "Um, do you know where a bathroom is?" I nodded & pointed to the east. She quickly ran off in that direction, hands shoved into crotch & all. But, she should know where the bathrooms are. I thought she was always here, we just never noticed. But then again, I also just directed the poor girl to a locked bathroom. I myself am terrible with the School too, thus I must correct & I made my way.

When I got near I heard sobbing, I looked around for her & sure enough she was on the floor. That unmistakable puddle about her, darkening her skirt & socks. Despite the circumstance I couldn't help but be aroused. I went down & put my hand on her shoulder. She paused & looked at me beyond red. "It's al-" I was cut short when she slapped me & ran off. I fell back on my butt, painfully hot cheek (being combined with my own blushing). Maybe I got a little too close or she noticed my arousal. Penises unprepared will likely be seen.

I was incredibly angry that I managed to get her angry with me. But also that the sight of the poor girl aroused me. So I went through the day barely paying attention, I could only think about her. But I was also in Mrs. Neil's at the time. Someone asked her about her daughter, they were then corrected. She had a son. Surprise, I'm infatuated with a mystery girl. So I looked over to my friend "I wonder who that girl earlier was then. Who even told you she was her daughter?" in response he went on about how someone else told him. That was interesting, mistook her as Neil's kiddo.

My friend left early for the dentist or something, so I'd be walking home. On my way though I saw her in P.E. clothes. Showing off her surprisingly thicc milky white legs. I caught up to her & said "Hey". She didn't expect me, so she yelped. She was blushing quite hard, I put my hand on her shoulder & confidently said "I kind of like you, even if you did wet yourself. You're really pretty." she then stopped & rose her head to look at me. She had tears in her eyes & I just went down to kiss her myself. She was reluctant at first but we got into it, eventually I was getting set into a sitting position. My crotch was starting to get wet, so I looked down & there she was wetting herself in my lap. She started crying a bit again & was lightly resisting. So I said that it was fine, I kind of liked it. But that wasn't all. I looked back down & there was a bulge...

I opened my eyes, a wet feeling in between my legs. Just a dream, and best of it all. A 18 year old wet himself while dreaming about a pseudo-loli trap.

Hopefully it will go unnoticed. At least today was a short day.

###

Yeah haha, sorry if my writing is bad. My style will likely remain the same, but suggestions are welcome!

(Even so, hope you enjoyed).

