Meagan & the Gentleman: Sexting

Author: Weasel

*000*2018-02-07 04:49

Hey, everyone, Like I told you all some months ago, the story of Meagan and Parker isn't over!

I've drafted several new stories and outlined a few more. Here's the first.

(Not sure what's going on? Check out my "Gentleman" stories from last year, or scroll down to my offer at the bottom.)

###

Parker’s phone buzzed, and he leaped across the room for it.

Hey hon! Out havin a drink with the other counselors

Before Parker could move his thumbs fast enough to answer, a whole series of texts came in.

We’re out on a boat drinking. It’s nice

Just one problem: we got lots of beer but no bathroom on this boat

I bet we could use that someday… ;)

Parker grinned and texted back:

Ooh, good thinking

Thinking about it is fun

Doing it would be even better

Mmmm yea. When?

Well actually

Since I already need to go

I was thinking… right now

Parker felt an electric shock run through him.

You got my attention…

###

After his highly eventful spring, and the up-and-down drama of the last week of school, finishing up with the absolutely fantastic making-up with Meagan, Parker was intensely happy in some ways, sad in others, and exhausted in all of them. School had let out the first week in May; the second week he basically slept. Occasionally he mustered up enough energy to goof around on his computer, playing games with his buddies.

He did text Meagan daily. She’d already warned him, however, that she’d be a little out of contact for a while—and then in June she’d start summer camp and be even busier. He was uneasy about this, and confessed as much to Meagan.

I know. It worries me too

We’ll do the best we can, that’s all we can do for now

But he didn’t start getting actively worried until the second week of vacation, when he noticed that her texts were getting a lot more curt.

You okay?

Fine

You don’t seem fine

I’m fine. Talk later

Then one afternoon the phone didn’t buzz for a text but rang for a call, and when he breathlessly answered it, it was her voice on the other end.

“Oh my dear sweet lord and all his fuzzy puppies, am I glad to hear your voice,” Meagan said.

“Good to hear yours,” he said. “What’s up?”

She groaned. “Oh, nothing except that I’m remembering all the reasons I went to college.”

“Hmm?”

“So I can get the fuck out of this town. This town is a fuckin’ minefield of bad decisions and bad memories. I’ve already seen two of my exes…”

Parker felt a slight twinge of worry, but she apparently could read his mind.

“…And don’t you worry about a thing, my dear sweet hedgehog, because I made damn sure they didn’t see me. Remember that all my exes are assholes?”

“Oh, right.”

“I cannot, cannot wait to get out of here.”

“And it’s only May.”

Her next words clearly came through clenched teeth. “Don’t remind me.”

“Sorry.”

“No, you’re fine. I’m just loving hearing your voice. You could be reading me a long string of Shakespearean insults and I’d love it.” She sighed. “I wish I could hug you. And I wish you could hug me.”

“Do you wanna talk about it?”

“I’m a pysch major, Parker, of course I wanna talk about it. But not actually right now… I don’t wanna burn through too many of my minutes, so we can stay in touch for sure when I’m at camp. I wanna hear you talk.”

“You know you can talk to me any time.”

“I do. But please. Tell me what you’ve been doing. Read me a poem. Read me the phone book. I just like hearing you talk because it reminds me the good parts of my life do still exist.”

So Parker talked about his games for a while, and at one point did start reciting a section of the phone book—“Aarens, Sam; Aaron, Maeve; Aaron, Saul; Abbot, Frankie.”

“Mmm. Say ‘Frankie’ again.”—and generally babbled until Meagan said, “Oh, you’re so good, Parker, you really are. I wish I could talk longer. I love you to pieces. Take care!”

This became a bit of a pattern, although the next time she called she seemed more sad than frustrated and asked, spontaneously, “So how well do you get along with your parents?”

“Pretty well.”

“Tell me about them. I barely met your dad when he picked you up.”

Parker’s parents: a tall, bustling, highly organized woman working in the non-profit sector and a quiet, short, balding accountant, so stereotypically boring he’d be invisible if he ever stood against a beige background. But while those dry descriptions summed up a lot of what they did, they didn’t catch his mother’s dry wit, her gentle insistence on fairness—summed up in her self-description as a “Bleeding Heart for Hire.” It didn’t catch his father’s sneaky sense of humor and his boundless imagination, generally buried under a heap of numbers and yet breaking loose in wild flights of fancy or, alternatively, seeing Star Wars in the theater fifteen times in a summer.

He tried to explain that to Meagan in a way that made sense.

“What I would give for a boring dad,” Meagan sighed.

“My dad’s not boring once you get to know him!”

“Oh, I heard you. I’d still settle for a boring dad.”

“Okay, what’s up? You said you didn’t want to talk about it, but you’re dropping hints like crazy.”

She growled.

“Sorry. Just asking.”

“No, I’m growling at myself ‘cause you’re totally right. The short version is… my dad’s been an asshole ever since he got laid off.”

“I’m sorry. How long has it been?”

“Eleven years.”

Parker winced, and then realized she couldn’t see him. “I’m wincing.”

“Thanks. I’ll tell you more someday, I promise. Talk to me about your boring parents. Please.”

The rest of May and the first half of June became strangely uneasy for Parker, as Meagan was clearly upset a lot, and would call him every few days, but wouldn’t talk much about what was bothering her. She’d just have him babble for a while, then thank him and tell him she loved him and hang up.

He burned off some of his anxiety in gaming, as he always had, and since he didn’t have to be anywhere in the mornings, he would often play late into the night. So he was awake around 2am one morning, wrestling with a particularly knotty opponent, when Meagan called him.

“Hey beautiful! You’re up late.”

“Look who’s talking! I was just gonna leave you a message.”

“At 3am?”

She chuckled, low in her throat. “Well, let’s just say I thought of you. For good reason.”

“Oh yeah?”

“So I’ve been out driving to blow off some steam. Ever since I got my car I’ve been doing that. I just go out and drive anywhere. I know this whole town like the back of my hand. And I brought some beer, though don’t worry, I only drank one before I started driving and I stopped before I opened the next one. And I’m only on number 3 anyway. I’ll save the rest for later. But anyway, I’m up at the top of the biggest hill around here, just feeling the wind in my hair, and guess what? The first two beers went straight through me. I gotta pee.”

“So naturally you thought of me.”

“Of course!”

“I’m pretty lucky that my turn-on is so common.”

“Mmhm. Anyway, I was gonna leave you a message of me peeing. But now that I’m actually talking to you I’ll wait a bit.”

“I’m liking this so far.”

“So why are you up so dang late?”

“Well hey, with the time zone difference it’s not so bad where I’m at. But I’m playing a game, and this guy is just tough to beat. Why are you drinking and driving at 3 in the morning?”

“Driving and then drinking, thankyouverymuch. Oh, just another rough day.”

“You’ve been having a lot of those.”

“Yeah, I guess I have. So the deal is, my dad… does not handle stress well. And since he’s unemployed he is stressed all the fuckin’ time. And so what he does to blow off steam is drink a six-pack and then scream at ‘his women.’ Which is what he calls me and my mom. Today I got told just how worthless I am at least five or six times. Classic displacement. When I told my psych prof about it, she didn’t quite believe me, because nobody’s that textbook.”

“Aw, sweetie. I am so sorry.”

“Yeah. Sucks to be me in the summers.”

“Back at school you didn’t seem that stressed about summer coming up.”

“Oh, I was. But I kept that under wraps. I figured you’d run the other direction if you found out, and then we nearly broke up because Dacy told a story about pissing her pants, and god was that ridiculous and yet I am so grateful to her. Made me sit up and realize what I was doing.”

“Heh. And the making up was pretty nice.”

“This is true. Speaking of, I just thought you’d like to know that I’m definitely feeling the need here. Pressure’s mounting. And I’ve still got half of this beer left to drink.”

“Mm. Thanks for that.”

“Anyway. Mom’s not helpful, the rest of my family is… only helpful in a couple ways, and everybody in this town has either fucked me over or been fucked over by me. Or, in at least four cases, both. So I’m just a little isolated. Thank god for summer camp.”

“Did you go to camp when you were a kid?”

“Yeah. It was a total godsend when I was a kid and wondering why my dad was suddenly being so mean. Gave me a little hope that maybe I wasn’t a total sack of crap, not that I would have said it that way at the time. I went every year we could afford it, and as soon as I was old enough I applied to be a counselor. Would you like to know what I’m wearing?”

“Um, sure.”

“The same cutoffs I was wearing those last few days before we left. And a t-shirt.”

“Are you cold?”

“A tiny bit, but it’s a warm night. Which is a good thing, I’d have to go twice as bad if it were cold.”

“Hmm, should I be glad or disappointed…”

“Up to you. Anyway. That’s my sob story.”

“Is it just your family that’s getting you down?”

“Well, like I said I cannot wait to get out of this town for good. I may know every pothole and every asshole, but I want something better. School is my ticket out, that’s why I’m always going hard on my classes. You know that time I held it while we were working on papers? I didn’t like that for a couple reasons, but one was I wanted to focus.”

“Oh, shit, I’m sorry.”

“Hey, it was my call and I made it and now we know better. As long as we stick to Captain Reynolds’ rule and work before we play, we can totally do both.”

“Like right now.”

“Mmhm! For instance, I’m sitting on my heel now. This beer got me bad.”

“Scale of 1 to 10?”

“Aw, fuck, lover, I never know. On a scale of 1 to pissing my pants, I’m at ‘squirming around a lot and almost wishing you’d let it go to voicemail so I’d have peed by now.’”

“You can go any time, love.”

“’Kay. I think I’ll go now.”

“Wait!”

“So much for ‘Any time,’ huh?”

“Just describe it for me, please?”

“Describe yourself. I’m the one painting a picture and you’re leaving me blind. How hard are you?”

“I’m getting there.”

“Huh, just ‘getting there’? I’m holding my pee for you and you’re only ‘getting there’? Unzip your pants and help yourself along, boy.”

“Tell me more.”

“Nope. You’ve got all I’m giving until I can hear your hard-on.”

“How on earth…?”

“Your voice changes a little when you’re seriously turned on.”

“Really?”

“Really.”

“All right, all right, I’m… uh, I guess I’m jacking off.”

“You guess?”

“Fine, my right hand is around my cock and I’m stroking it. I’m not as good as you at talking dirty, okay?”

“It’s the little details that help. Like how I’ve unbuttoned the top of my jeans. And now I’m pulling down the zipper, ‘cause I’m gonna pee.”

“You can’t hold it for me a little longer?”

“Oh, I guess I could, but I’m getting pretty tired and I wanna sleep.”

“You’re not gonna drive home yet, are you?”

“Nah, I’m just gonna pass out in the back seat of my car. I’ll drive home in the morning.”

“Is that safe?”

“This hill’s pretty far outside of town. I’ll be fine. I just took off my shorts, by the way. I’m just in panties now. Except my sandals, of course.”

“You took your shirt off?”

“No, sorry. So what I’m gonna do is squat down and lean back against my car, and pull my panties down, and then I’ll have to stop talking because I’m gonna try to put my phone down there so you can hear me peeing. Does that sound good to you?”

“Yeah, it really does.”

“Good, ‘cause I’m doing it. Here goes.”

There were a few faint noises he couldn’t quite interpret, but he guessed they involved positioning. And then he heard it: a faint hiss and splattering. He filled his mind with the vision of Meagan peeing beside her car and let the sound fill in a little detail.

“Mm. That felt nice,” Meagan said.

“Feels nice over here.”

“You gonna come soon?”

“Um, not right away.”

“All right, then, I’m not gonna wait. I’m pretty wiped, hedgehog.”

“Sleep well then, love. But text me in the morning that you’re safe, okay?”

“’Kay, I can do that.”

“Love you.”

“Love you right back. G’night.”

Parker was now left with an age-old dilemma of finishing up one thing or finishing up the other. He decided to save his game and finish that later. He had other business to attend to.

###

In the morning, there was indeed a text from Meagan:

Safe but had to pee like crazy again soon as I woke up. Barely got out of the car in time. Broad daylight, too! Enjoy ;)

______

[Okay, so this somehow got cut off, but I still wanted to post what I had. I'll finish this once I find the ending, but it'll take me a bit due to my crazy-elaborate way of posting. Hold on until then! (heh)]

*002*2018-02-07 05:35

Here we go. What part of "Ctrl-A" did my computer not understand...?

{{8 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

I'm holding onto the cliff until you find the ending lol but wow that was excellent

}}

Should have known I couldn't beat you, Mel!

_____

With June came the end of the public school year, and just days later Meagan’s summer camp opened up. Immediately the whole pattern of communication changed. Signal from Camp Graham was a little spotty so texts were usually easier than whole phone calls. Meagan generally only had time to text “<3” between lights out and falling asleep, she was so tired—but those longer texts she did have time for were much, much happier, and much more the Meagan Parker knew.

And there were the occasional perks:

Lying in bed and need to pee but that means getting up, getting dressed, and getting out of the cabin without waking the girls

I think i’ll just try to wait until morning

Or:

That moment when there are ten middle schoolers ahead of you in line for the toilet

But the biggest excitement without question came that Saturday evening when Meagan texted to tell him she and the other counselors were out on a boat with plenty of beer but a shortage of bathrooms, and that she intended to make use of it:

Since I already need to go

I was thinking… right now

You got my attention…

Good

I’ve had two beers, I’m working on three

Haven’t peed since before we left camp… 3hrs? Maybe 4

How long u gonna stay out

No idea

Fun, huh? I’ll keep you posted

Parker had a hard time concentrating on his game for the next half-hour. He kept having to resist the temptation to text demands for a status update. But he knew Meagan didn’t have unlimited texting and thought he’d better not put her balance at risk—the last thing he wanted was to have her cut off this adventure because of a phone bill. Finally she sent him an update.

Legs crossed now

What r u wearing

Normal summer stuff. Shorts sandals t-shirt. Oh and a lifejacket

Sexy

I insisted. If we’re all getting drunk on this boat I don’t want anyone to worry about falling off

Wasn’t being ironic. You’re sexy when you’re smart.

:) Pressure building. One of the other girls just asked about the bathroom

What did u say? Whos there with you?

5 of us counselors. 3 girls 2 guys. Boat belongs to the family of 1 of the girls.

She just said the options are to piss in the lake or hold it until we get back. You know which option Im taking

I love you

I know. How you feelin? Hard yet?

Yup

Good. Ill text you if anythin happen

At this point Parker just shut down his game and lay on his bed imagining, waiting for the next text to come in. There was zero chance of him concentrating properly on anything else at the moment.

Mmkay if i weren’t holding for you i’d go in the lake right now. Beer fills me up fast.

I got this tho. Legs still crossed.

Bladder of steel

Fuckin aye. The other girl is all antsy but i’m cool as ice

Wait, she’s gonna go in the lake. So are the guys

But im gonna talk bout me. 3 beers in me 5 hrs since last i peed def gonna be a challnge but ill make it back to land at least, maybe back to camp

How long to camp?

Dunno but we took a while coming out here

So evry1 excpt me just peed in th lake and they askd if i needed to go and i said nope im good

Talk to me tho. If im hangin on like this you better be so hard

I am. Jacking off a little. Naked now if that helps

Mmmmmmmmmm it does

Gettin hard to text hnstly

;) that helps too. Should i drink a 4th beer?

Id love it but can u make it?

Dont know. Well be out here a whije

*We’ll and *while hard to text here to

If u need to go in the lake im fin with that

[Editor’s note: from here on out, the texts became increasingly filled with typos and abbreviations. You get the idea. For the sake of clarity and our readers’ sanity, all the subsequent texts will be proofread for spelling and grammar.]

Parker was stroking himself gently now, not sure of how soon to really push, since he didn’t want to come too soon and miss the climax of Meagan’s adventure. Her next text helped, though:

I may have to. God do I need to pee now. The beer really went through me.

But I won’t let them see. I’m totally still.

I love how you can do that. Just go totally still and barely even show it. You’re so strong.

Not feeling super-strong right now, but thank you!

If it starts to hurt, seriously, you can go in the lake, I’ll still love it.

But if you think you can make it, I believe in you. I’m in awe right now.

I’ll make it back to land. Not sure about camp.

I’m not cheating and telling people we should get some sleep, either.

I did just tell them to fuck off since they were making fun of me for texting you so much.

Heh.

And I told them there’s no way I’ll be the Designated Driver. I’m not too drunk, but I wouldn’t trust myself to drive right now even if I weren’t.

One of the guys said he’ll do it. He’s only had two. But he does want to go in, so we’ll be headed back to land sooner than I thought.

Hooray!

Yep!

I’d love it if you had to hold even longer but I’m kind of hoping you get to pee soon so I get to come soon.

Mmmm. We’ll see, then!

Then there was a pause of some minutes before Meagan finally sent:

Okay, we’re heading in now. The vibration from the boat is NOT HELPING.

I definitely can’t make it back to camp. Can’t let them see, though.

Parker’s heart rate was sky-high by now.

Landed. Walking is hard.

There was a pause of a few minutes. Parker slowed his strokes, impatiently. Finally:

Okay. I told them I left something in the boat and went back down to the boathouse. Gonna pee right now.

Ahhhhhhhhhhh, feels so good.

Parker immediately sped up and came a few moments later. With his other hand he replied:

Yay! Thank you, lover. Just came, FYI.

;) Good. Next time you’ll be right here with me.

I know. But still, thank you. That was pretty spectacular. I loved when you just said you weren’t just thinking about it but were doing it. Instant hard-on.

And that’s what it’s all about. Fun for you and fun for me.

Going home to sleep off this beer. <3 <3 <3

Sleep well and dream of me

Always.

______

Okay, hope you liked it, even interrupted.

Two quick things:

One, what do people think of having just one thread? I kind of like having the chapters neatly divided up, but I know it's sometimes hard to track down the stories that way.

Which leads me to Two: I've put together all the first batch of stories in one file, formatted as elegantly as possible on a basic word processor, and it is now AVAILABLE to all who ask! I've even thrown in two bonus stories (short ones) and an "author's note" that explains a lot of my process and where these stories are coming from. If you would like a copy, please PM me with an email address (just be aware I'm not on omo.org every day, so it may take me a bit to get back to you).

I'm making this "edition" of the first part of Parker's saga available on a "pay what you are willing to pay" basis. If someone wants it for free, they shall have it, but if you're willing to throw a dollar or two my way, I'd welcome it. (I can also be paid in pics and vids.) I've put a lot of work into Parker's saga to make it a high-quality story for you all. So consider this a hat to pass around. Many thanks in advance.

The next story will get Meagan and Parker back in the same place again, this time with a bit of a twist for variety -- I'll be interested to see what y'all think. This month will be crazy but I hope I can still get the story posted in the coming weeks. And then the fun really begins once they're back at school...!

