Meagan & Parker: the Complete Stories

Author: Weasel

*000*2019-06-19 03:45

Hey, everybody! At long last, I'm posting the complete saga of Meagan & Parker: seasons 1, 2, and 3.

A little explanation: I have been meaning to add a few "bonus" stories, not posted here on omo.org. Well, I got two written, then bogged down on the third. So rather than waste any more time, I decided today was the day, and I'm publishing without the third tale. Sorry if there are any glitches as a result.

Season 1 is labeled "The Gentleman." NOTE: I reworked this a little in passing. No additional content, just some improvements.

Season 2 is "Meagan & the Gentleman."

Season 3 is "Housemates."

Enjoy!

%The Gentleman.pdf

%Meagan and the Gentleman.pdf

%Housemates.pdf

*003*2019-06-26 03:55

Thank you, everybody!

{{On 6/20/2019 at 3:37 PM, BB1BBB said:

Lovely work, sir. There is some real human feeling in these stories. And a relationship that we all wish we had had.

}}

The human feeling is what kept the stories going. No point, otherwise...

As for the relationship: I think it's possible for all of us, with a little understanding.

*005*2019-07-17 00:23

Thank you, @ola93

! That's extremely high praise. And I'll definitely be writing more... just not sure what or when.

*007*2019-07-26 04:14

{{On 7/17/2019 at 8:24 AM, insomea said:

Would you be willing to collab on this? (you know I'm gonna be willing to do just about anything to see you publish more)

}}

Funny you should mention that... I can't say anything just yet, nor make any promises, but a fun new idea for a series of stories just popped into my head over the weekend, and I considered opening it up to collaboration so people wouldn't have to wait as long to read them...

*010*2019-08-14 02:12

That's exactly what this is all about, @Ranpalan

. There's always more than omo going on when I write a story. But the omo's gotta be good too. Thank you. Makes me smile to know that I accomplished my mission.

*012*2019-09-01 03:53

Gut reaction: philosophy and omo don't mix so well. I don't quite have enough blood for both ends, you see...

On further reflection: I find that humanizing elements can be distracting, if all I really want is to get my rocks off. I abbreviate the women to means... and it's probably not the best thing. But there are enough women out there who like to show off. In that case, they're my means, but I'm theirs. And what does this mean for fictional characters? Well, I took Meagan and made her as fully-fleshed as I could. Then I took Zephyr, since she was becoming a dark horse favorite, and added a bit... What does all this mean for my latest series, though...? And what would Kant say, I wonder, to the fact that I frequently held up my partner's willingness to indulge my kink as a reason to continue the relationship? Gaaah...

On still further reflection: shoulda gone with my gut on this one.

*014*2019-09-07 04:10

I did dump that partner, for wildly different reasons. I don't see our experimentation with my kink as negative at all; my only regret on that front is that I wasn't able to reciprocate. My partner's desires were much, much more amorphous and changing than mine. I wanted to see them desperate. They wanted... lots of things. But I wasn't as good about trying them all out as I should have been.

One of their common remarks, however, as we explored my desperation kink, was how much they appreciated turning me on. It really was fun for them -- on a very different level than my extremely intense orgasms, but still fun. Make of that what you will.

