Pokemon: Yellow Spirits

Author: wheatley

*000*2016-10-24 03:16

Alright, time to try something fresh. And by fresh i mean recycling one of my characters from my previous stories. And doing a multi part thing.

Tepig: you know, the last time you tried that, you didn't get jack sh*t of a comment, right?

First of all, how did you know that!? Second of all, yes, but in all honesty, I was kind of slacky in that one. This will be a fresh one, and i'll actually try to do a good job!

Tepig: MysteriousMr is doing his own PKMN story though. won't people think you're just ripping him off?

He never came up with the idea of the Pokestone though!

Tepig: riiight. crappy device, crappy name, zoan ripoff.

Shut your trap or i'll be having porkchops for dinner! Alright, onto the story.

###

I bet you're expecting us to start the story in the happy hearty setting of the overworld. Pokémon enjoying life and people going on their enjoyable routines, all in a grassy green and crystal blue area where we will start a happy beginning.

Well we're not. Deal with it. *THUG LIFE*

We start off at Alcatraz prison, an island hidden in the Doom Pillars, in a storm full of thunder and whirlpools, in the Bermuda triangle. This is where they keep the world's most dangerous villain to ever exist. Him and his single pokemon have been kept here for the last... five minutes I guess. Because right now they're breaking through all the defenses. again. Like, they're just burning through all the defenses, leaving nothing but death and carnage.

"Attention! Code red! more units down! Send in everything we got! we can't let this guy esc-"

Blood splattering was what came next, and the caller fell to her knees, with a giant hole in her chest.

"Hello!? Amanda!? You still there!?"

A man picked up the phone with his left hand and uttered into the call: "mission failed".

"MetalFist!"

After completely destroying the prison, MetalFist and his pokemon flew away, into the storms.

"Heh. They can capture us, but they can't keep us locked. I don't even know why they try, right Claw?"

"Right."

Now then, concerning the two, MetalFist is known as the world's most deadly outlaw. He wears a black jacket, black pants and some carbonado colored boots. He also has black hair combed back in a douche look, and his right arm is a robot effigy, which gives him the nickname MetalFist. How he lost his arm, only he knows. MetalFist was responsible for causing chaos around the world, destroying towns and harming innocent civillians. His partner/pokemon Shadow Claw is a shiny charizard with a dark aura around him. These two joined together because of their hatred on the world and plans to create the next apocalypse. Anyways, these two flew off to a large airship home to a gang of evil members known as Team Nightmare. They plan on gaining the power they need to rule the world, by any means necessary. Now then, when MetalFist entered the room where the boss was, he sat down and they started a chat.

"What do you want, Metal? I already told you we're not making any deals anymore."

"Well, I heard you were planning on fining the power you need, and I was thinking could help you out with that."

"No deal bub. There's always a catch that you never pay off. It'll take a lot to make up for all the deals you made. Then i'll CONSIDER making your deal."

Just then, Claw entered the room, holding a slip of paper in his hand, and gave it to Metal. The paper had a photo of a Pikachu with a green hoodie, wearing a cheery smile on his face. The poster read:

WANTED: DEAD OR ALIVE

Zapp

Reward: $1 billion

"What if I were to go after this kid?" Metal asked as he set the paper on the boss's desk. One look and his face went from serious and pissed to slightly startled.

"Woah, that's a suicide mission right there. That kid's been the reason we've gotten nowhere near getting our missions completed."

"He's just a kid." Metal said assuringly. "How hard can he be?"

"He may be young, but he can hit hard. He's teamed up with the three mortal entities that we need power-drained." He pulled up three papers and set them down next to each other. One was a young squirrel with yellow cheeks, and making a winking face with sparks of lightning coming from her closed eye. She had flaps on her arms that represented a wingsuit and wore a scarf with a particular pattern.

The second one was a green snake with a yellow outline. He was in a serious pose, but was smiling. His eye was a snake eye, but black with a bright green pupil representing the snake's large pupil, and wore a scarf similar to the picture on the first paper.

The third picture had a large badger chewing on a chunk of meat. He had cyan fur and flames coming off the top of his head and his back. He was wearing a red bandanna around his neck, and you could see a puff of smoke coming from where his nostril would be.

"These are who we would call 'GPU', which stands for god's power users. They happen to have ingested liquids from the drink of the gods which gives mortals extreme power beyond that of their species. You'd have to have all the luck in the universe if you want to survive a fight with them."

"I'll make sure you get your share of their power. Come on Claw, we got a child to kill."

With that, they went outside and flew off.

*switching plots*

Alright, so now we're going to the actually peaceful environment setting. Here, we're starting at Mity town. More specifically, the town's famous area, heart lake. At this spot is where a certain group of pokemon are enjoying the morning in the best way possible: PARTY TIME!

*intermission*

Alright, just because I feel it'll make things seem more fitting, i'm putting some recommended voices for the characters. and for some reason all these characters in this particular entry I felt could have the voices of one piece English dubbed characters. so here:

Zapp: Luffy

Buizel: Sanji

Snivy: Sabo (adult)(sice I cant find sabo's English dubbed voice just go off the Japanese voice with English language)

Quilava: Franky

Zorua: Robin

Emolga: Nami

Yes, I know this is a story, not an actual film, but... well, it's mine so I can do what I want. And it just seems more fitting to me. and I'm not forcin

*end of intermission*

Okay, so it's not the classic 'sweet rave lights and badass music' party you'd expect, but it's good for them. There's a radio, and a large bucket full of milk. Where... where did they even get the milk?

Everyone was sort of doing their own thing. Chatting, drinking, or grooving out to the music.

"Woohoo! Having a good time!" A young Pikachu with a green hoodie was partying along. "You were right guys, I feel great!"

"Parties always make me feel happy, I was thinking you would like it buddy." Buizel said with a smile. He always did like helping his best buddy. He then continued to take a sip of the milk. They actually have 6 shot glasses, one for each of the pokemon (including Zapp's pikachu body) due to the fact that Quilava is the tallest of them, and he's only 2'11". Jeez, and I thought I was short.

"You kids enjoying the party?" Quilava asked his friends while brushing his head with his paw.

"Well, it's not much of a rave, but I like the milk." Emolga drank the entire glass with a single gulp.

"Easy there, gulper." Snivy said in his regular tone. "That's the fifth glass, and you know milk goes through you pretty quickly."

"It'll be fine buddy. Besides, you don't get milk like this everyday."

Everyone continued to enjoy the good break from dealing with the annoying trainers and people asking them for stuff. For literally just a few minutes. Then a man came over and knelt down to speak with them.

"You Zapp?" The man asked.

"What if I am?" Zapp replied, in a mildly suspicious yet annoyed tone.

"Oak needs you back at his lab. Says he needs you to do something for him."

After the man left, Zapp sighed and turned back into his human form. He was wearing blue jeans, red sneakers, his green hoodie, and rubber fingerless gloves. He had yellow eyes and black hair combed forward and up.

Zapp sighed. "Well, let's get going. Hey, where's Emolga?"

Emolga jumped out of a bush near where Quilava was, and brushed herself off. "Hey guys, i'm ready." She said nervously.

"You alright?"

"Yeah, yeah, just... just thought I saw a coin."

"Alright, well let's go. Oak probably wants me to grab his mail again."

*at the lab*

"Alright, Zapp, I need you to-"

"If it's about getting your package again, i'm not doing it." Zapp interrupted.

"Oh, no, i'm not asking for a package. I was just going to inform you about something I believe would fit your interests."

Oak gave Zapp a stone tablet with some pictures and random letters written on it. Zapp attempted to read it, but this is all he could see.

"Skiorbanelgawugen- what language is this?"

Zorua turned into her human form and grabbed the tablet from Zapp. Don't worry, she had clothes on.

"Wealth, fame, power." Zorua read. "These were all possessed by the great John Champ, the original pokemon champion. After dying of blood clots from standing in the room for life, his last note read 'I left all my treasure scattered around the world, with clues to find it. You want it, go find it!' however, for hundreds of years, nobody has found it and eventually it was forgotten. Until someone finds this, that is."

"Alright... so why are you showing us this?" Zapp asked, still confused about what Oak wanted.

"I was thinking I could get you on an adventure with a little motivation. If you get a good reward, that's a good enough reason to go on a journey, right?"

"Eh, I don't really know. You guys feeling up to it?"

"Whatever you feel like, buddy." Buizel said casually.

"I guess it would be a good idea." Snivy said, slightly excited about it.

"Always ready to bash someone's face in. Let's go!" Quilava is also into the idea.

Ah, let's just skip to the part where Zapp heads back to his house to pack up supplies.

*at Zapp's house*

Zapp decided it would be smart to load up his backpack with extra supplies. By extra supplies I mean he just put in a bottle of water because apparently it works better than the store potions. WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO LOGIC!?

Meanwhile upstairs Emolga was tapping her foot impatiently waiting for Zorua to get out of the bathroom. Like Snivy said, milk happens to go through her real quickly, and I guess he wasn't lying. She just waited for a little bit, continued to tap her foot, but after a few minutes when Zorua came out, Zapp and everyone else was ready to go. Emolga didn't want to keep everyone waiting so she put off going to the bathroom and went over to see everyone.

Zapp returned Quilava and Zorua back into their pokeballs (since they're the only ones that were actually CAPTURED with pokeballs) and the others went with him to the gate of town. This was the start of a big new adventure. or at least an average one if you look at Ash's adventures.

END OF ENTRY

###

Psst, hey guys, I got ahold of some information in a file called character logs. basically each entry i'll be showing information about one of the characters of importance. Mainly based on name, age, IQ based on 1 to 10, special features, and a description on them. I'm not going over MetalFist, Shadow Claw or team nightmare because they're assholes and I don't do assholes. so here's the first entry:

Zapp

Real name: Zachary P Thunderite

Age: 13

IQ level: 5

Special features: pokestone device

Description: Zapp is a 13 year old boy who enjoys hanging out with his friends and going on adventures. After his dad died when he was 6, he made a promise that he would one day become a trainer and fulfill his dad's dream of exploring the world. He wields a device which he named the pokestone that allows him to use certain colored stones in order to make different things happen. The main one he uses is the red stone, which allows him to turn into his spirit pokemon, a Pikachu. He cares very much about his friends, and will get violent if anybody hurts them critically.

Well, there's the first one. Hope it catches on this time.

*002*2016-10-30 22:58

Ah well. Take what you can get, right? at least I got something. Now for the moment you've all (not) been waiting for, the next entry!

###

Ah, the great moment when you step out of your hometown to pursue your destiny of becoming a pokemon trainer! Or at least just going to the next town to make a quick stop. Depends on your feeling of adventure. Zapp felt a sort of neutral feeling as he walked through the fields. Yes, the sky was clear and bright blue and the grass was lush with greenness, but they have their flaws.

For example, not even 5 seconds of walking outside town borders and they've already gotten caught by a trainer.

"Hey! I've been doing some training, and i'm gonna beat you real hard! Let's battle!"

Meet rookie trainer Kevin. He wears a blue t shirt, shorts, and a backwards cap (like a douchebag). He's also convinced his "pure bread"(I meant to spell it like that) rattata is going to be the best pokemon ever, despite the fact he could never get past the rookie trainer title since he has to defeat someone who at least is beginning with a level 5 starter from the lab. Yet, he completely ignores pokemon levels and battles anyone he sees.

Zapp sighed in annoyance. "God DAMMIT Kevin! We go through this every week!"

"This time will be different though! I've been doing serious training!" Kevin said confidently, like a douche. "You'll never defeat my mega awesome rattata this time!"

"You always say THAT too, and you never change at all."

"JUST SHUT UP AND BATTLE ME ALREADY!"

"Fine. Hey Buizel, you want to take this one?"

"With pleasure." Buizel moved himself up and started a battle.

*douchebag Kevin sent out useless rat!*

"ALRIGHT MAH AWESOME RATTATA! USE LEER!" Kevin screamed. Rattata then made the world's worst attempt at a luigi death stare. Like seriously, it's so bad that it makes Scraggy's leer from his first appearance in the pokemon anime look more menacing. That being said, Buizel just stood there, not giving a f*ck.

"Okay... just... B- Buizel just use icy wind..." Zapp was stuttering with his hand on his face trying to take in how incredibly STUPID that move was.

Buizel obeyed, inhaled deeply, and (after making a mr freeze reference about what killed the dinosaurs) blew a large gust... okay a small cloud of freezing cold wind at the rattata. It was KOd after the first touch. Yeah, rats aren't very strong at all.

"You may have won this round, but i'll be back! And I will beat you!" Kevin gave Zapp $200 and ran off.

"Jeez, you think that kid would learn to get better pokemon, but no." Zapp put the money in his pocket, and signaled for his friends to keep going. Emolga seemed blanked out for a second, until Snivy tapped her shoulder.

"Oh! Done already?" Emolga said, startled. She felt a drop may have leaked, but she could still hold out for a few hours. Maybe. You know how these kind of things are around here.

"You alright E?" Buizel said in a concerning tone. "You've been like this ever since we left the house."

"Yeah, I- i'm just kinda tired." Emolga shuffled her feet slightly closer together, feeling the rest of the morning party recreating the 'after 2PM' incident. Just incase you're wondering what that incident is, trust me, you really don't want to know.

"Well, it looks like another half hour walk, not including the random encounters and annoying trainers with rats and birds. Want me to carry you?" Zapp said, looking ahead at the road, full of tall grass with pidgeys and rattatas doing... stuff, and trainers who have pidgeys and rattatas doing... more stuff.

"S- sure." Emolga waited as Zapp picked her up, and set her up to his shoulder. Then she climbed up and turned herself around so she could see what was going on at Zapp's forward. Somewhat comfortable, but she felt it was pushing on her stomach an adding more pressure. Still, it was better than having to walk and hurt her legs.

I think.

Well, for the rest of the road it was random pokemon encounters and weak trainers who don't know when to give up. You think they would learn by now but no. Emolga was just waiting and watching, perched on Zapp's shoulder and rubbing her legs together. The moments of moving and Zapp's soft hoodie did help her forget about the pressure, and she wasn't lying about feeling tired, but it didn't help much that she wanted to sleep.

*one very boring hour later*

After a long hour of walking, getting mauled by armies of rats and birds, and dealing with annoying trainers, heck I don't even know if I can call them trainers, the gang finally arrives at Cerenus City, the first city trainers get to from that isolated town Zapp lives in. It's slightly more lively than Mity town, but not by much.

"Well, we finally made it into the city." Zapp wiped his forehead, dripping sweat off his arm. "Let's get to the pokecenter, and maybe we can catch our breath."

'And I can give my bladder a break.' Emolga thought to herself. After a long hour of being tired, having shoulder joints squishing your stomach, and needing to go pretty bad to start, Emolga could only think about letting loose. And then maybe take a nap in Zapp's arms. She likes doing that. But before they could enter, they heard in a menacing voice, this:

"Hey chump! I got some unfinished business with you!"

END OF VERY BORING TRIP TO CITY

###

Alright, new update to the character logs, powers, abilities, and weaknesses. basically special things the characters can do, what can make them vulnerable, all that stuff. Some stuff is important to the stories, some are just so you know, like the effects of a common cold. so here's entry 2:

Buizel

Real name: Barry S Weezl

Age: 22

IQ level: 4

Special features: species evolution (natural)

Description: Buizel is Zapp's first pokemon and best friend. His main goals are becoming a strong pokemon for Zapp along with protecting him from potential threat and being there for him in his times of need. When he and Zapp met 5 years ago, he broke his leg and was washed upon Heart Lake. Zapp took him in and nursed his injury, which made the moment they became friends and Buizel's dedication to achieving his goals for Zapp. He always loves battling, and trains hard to improve his skills.

Powers and abilities:

Moveset: hydro pump, aqua jet, brick break, icy wind

Buizel is a one in a million pokemon to have gone through species evolution, where a pokemon's DNA gets corrupted and gives them a special attribute. In Buizel's case, he has developed gills on the sides of his face, giving him the ability to breathe both air and water. Due to this, he has also found ways to use this in his battles, being able to compress water and air together to blast water at a much higher pressure than normal.

Buizel is also capable at physical combat, as he can be very agile, and uses the fins on his arms as blades as a last resort. He shows to have much combat experience and trains very often to see which ways he can use his attacks.

Buizel is capable of surviving in freezing cold areas and boiling hot zones due to being a water type.

Weaknesses:

Buizel often overestimates his strength and tries to bite off more than he can chew at times. This proves to be a problem when the enemy is stronger than he can handle, as he can end up badly injured if he gets too reckless.

If under the influence of a cold, Buizel's gills will be unable to function and his tail won't have the strength to spin like a propeller, rendering him unable to swim or fight underwater.

Due to being a water type, Buizel has to keep himself hydrated in order to stay active. This also proves to be a problem if he can't get a bathroom break for too long.

###

Zapp update:

Powers and abilities: (note that these are all for his Pikachu form)

Moveset: thunderbolt, electro ball, quick attack, iron tail

Zapp shows to have adapted to his Pikachu body, being able to blast electricity through his hands instead of surging through his whole body at once like most electric types do. He's also very agile as he can quickly dodge attacks and run very fast, as well as swing his tail around at high force.

Zapp's ears can work as antennae which he can use to sense electric surges or signals.

One of Zapp's stones, the blue stones, can be used to increase Zapp's electrical flow to become stronger and make him faster, at the cost of some of his body's energy. He names this ability "thunderstone: second gear"

In Pikachu's body, Zapp is able to understand pokemon.

Zapp is capable of cooperating with his friends in order to perform stronger attacks.

Weaknesses:

Like Buizel, Zapp tends to try and take more than he can handle. This proves to be a problem due to Zapp getting more injured than he says he is and can leave him getting too badly hurt for his health.

Due to being an electric type, Zapp will be unable to use electric moves if he gets insulated.

If under the influences of a cold, Zapp will become extremely energy depressive and leave him barely able to move his body at all. Reasons for this are unknown.

If the pokestone is somehow unable to use the red stone, Zapp will be unable to turn back into a human.

It is known by Buizel that Zapp has a fear of ghosts. We'll see how it works later.

###

Well, sorry for the wait, hope you enjoyed.

*004*2016-11-04 02:17

It's funny cause that's what you do when you're too dedicated to being pokemon champion. but now for part 3 of this... who knows how long this will go actually.

Tepig: probably about 3 or 4 entries.

SHUT UP! Just roll the damn story...

###

Zapp turned around to see who was talking. What he saw was a man so devilish... so DEADLY... SO EVIL that when someone says his name, all who hear it turn to stone. Okay, I made that last one up, but the rest are true!

What he saw was an orange haired boy, dressed like a douchebag. And holding a backpack. And having photos taken of him by cheerleaders who aren't even hot. Like, they're... oh you know what moment i'm referencing.

"I never expected you out here of all places. What brings you out to Cerenus city?" He gestured with his hands for the cheerleaders to take 5.

"Oh hey, it's my old buddy! Uh..."

"GARY! FOR THE LOVE OF F*CKING GOD MY NAME IS GARY!" 'Gary' screamed in anger. "WHY DOES NOBODY KNOW MY NAME!?"

To be honest, I was thinking of calling him something stupid, like making a dick joke or something. But eh. If you guys got a good insult name for Gary you can tell me and if I like it i'll put it in an entry somewhere.

"Well, uh, what was it you wanted?" Zapp asked, referring back to Gary's popup. "I'm actually kind of in a hurry, so-"

"Don't you remember what happened last week?"

*one week ago (in terms of this timeline, not real life)*

About a week ago, Gary and Zapp were having a one on one battle against each other, Gary's Raticate vs Emolga. It was a hard fought battle, but before it could end... well, just take a look.

Gary and Zapp were having a friendly one on one battle. Or, I guess more of a bet on battle. If Zapp won, Gary offered he would do whatever Zapp wanted for a day. If Gary won, he would get Zorua. He made this bet since they figured out how Zorua was special. We'll get on that later. As for the battle, it was Raticate vs Emolga. Things were going to end on just one more hit, but then this happened:

"Alright, that fox is as good as mine! Raticate, use-"

*Zapp's phone rings (just as a so you know, his ringtone is the ben 10 omniverse theme)*

"Oh dang, sorry Gary! Gotta head home for dinner! Come on Emolga."

Emolga hopped on Zapp's shoulder and they ran back to his house, leaving a very pissed off Gary.

"DAMMIT ZACHARY! I WANTED THAT ZORUA!"

*present time*

"Oh, that." Zapp said after recalling that moment. "That was a week ago. Are you really still on that?"

"Yes! Now let's finish this! Right here, right now!"

Emolga tugged on Zapp's collar after hearing about that, and knowing what's going to happen.

"Oh, uh, hold on a sec Gary. Emolga needs something from me."

Zapp walked inside the pokecenter while Buizel and Snivy stayed outside, playing cards for some reason. Gary decided to join them for the time being. It's a very awkward time when these private moments come up.

Meanwhile in the pokecenter, Zapp sent Emolga down and knelt down on his left foot to talk to her.

"Alright Emolga, what's up?"

"W- well, I uh..." Emolga's face blushed deep red and shoved her paws between her legs. I think we all know about this moment, since I talked all about these stages of desperation in another story (which nobody actually cared about).

"oh, I see. Honestly I went through this kind of stuff several times before. Even in different timelines." The two of them walked over to where the bathrooms were. Although, do you really think i'd just let her go that easily? Out of order sign. You know what that means.

"Aw come on! Can't one thing go right today!?" Emolga was starting to get really shaky now. Zapp pulled out two pokeballs and sent out Quilava and Zorua.

"Oof, jeez, it's getting kind of cramped in there." Quilava said stretching. "So what's up?"

"Hey, uh, listen, I don't actually have the time to explain so just go with this plan." Zapp told Quilava to go with Emolga and find somewhere private for her... ahem... 'business' while he and Zorua keep Gary occupied.

"Alright, let's get started." After a small smoke puff, Zorua used her illusion ability to become Emolga. Then Zapp and his disguised deity went out to battle Gary.

The battle itself is actually pretty boring, it's just Raticate trying to fury swipe ZEmolga (I suck at names) while she just dodges out of the way every time. She also occasionally electro balls Raticate to shorten him out a bit. We'll go over how she can do that later. Meanwhile, Quilava and the real Emolga are sneaking behind the pokecenter into some bushes. Well, it took about five minutes to get behind the pokecenter, since Emolga was stuck hobbling from her bladder trying to take control of her legs. But it's actually a pretty good record time for anyone stuck doing that.

"Alright E, go head and do what ya gotta do, i'll keep watch."

"T- Thanks Quilava!" Emolga stuttered as she hobbled behind the bush, her face still extremely red. After going to a spot she felt comfortable in, she spread her legs and removed her paws. After a few seconds her bladder was getting everything it wanted. The warm yellow stream was gushing out her crotch onto the green grass, and some running down her legs, but she didn't really care about that. All she could think about was enjoying the relief. We all know it's worth holding it in, even when it isn't forced. Don't lie to me, you know that too.

*2 and a half minutes later*

The stream finally started to die down, and stopped. Emolga let out a huge sigh, and went over to see Quilava.

"Oh hey, you good to go?"

"Yep!" Emolga gave her perky cheery face. They went over to the front of the pokecenter where the battle was going down, and Gary just GOT HIS ASS BEATEN!

"DAMMIT!" Gary said in a tone that screams 'I am f*cking pissed.' "You got lucky!"

"Maybe. Maybe not." Zapp said.

"Well you're lucky I don't have time for a rematch! Smell ya later!" Gary picked up his raticate and ran off. Zorua turned back to herself, and everyone got ready to head off.

"You did good there, Zorua. I knew you would make a good teammate." Zapp scratched Zorua's ear, and sent her back to her pokeball. Then Quilava went over and got back in his. "Hey Emolga, you want me to carry you again?"

Emolga, being extremely tired, just nodded her head. Zapp picked her up and carried her in his arms. She then shut her eyes and, out of her control, fell asleep.

"Heh. Always did conk her out." Zapp said calmly. "Guess we should get going now."

END OF STUPID BATTLE WITH RIVAL

###

Entry 3: Snivy

Real name: Greene S Skales

Age: 18

Special features: GPU: speed

IQ level: 7

Description: Given to Zapp as a gift from professor Oak, Snivy is Zapp's second member of the team. He is Emolga's best friend and effective battler. He does not focus on head-on combat and mainly uses his evasive skills and stamina to wear out the opponent. He also likes going on adventures, meeting new friends, and tends to get overexcited at times. Remind you of anyone?

Powers and abilities:

Moveset: vine whip, leaf tornado, leaf storm, attract

Snivy's main ability is his newfound stamina and speed from the drink of the gods. It managed to highly increase his speed and stamina, being able to dodge several attacks at once even if he doesn't see them coming.

Snivy is very fast with his attacks as well, making him able to land consecutive hits on his opponents.

Snivy is very cooperative with his friend Emolga, being able to work very well with her in battle. It's sensible since they ARE best friends.

Since he's a snake, Snivy has a very slim and slippery body, allowing him to easily escape grasps if loose enough.

Weaknesses:

Snivy's main weakness is that his ability to dodge consecutive attacks can drain his stamina, leaving him unable to dodge if pushed past his limits.

Snivy tends to irritate others with his overexcitement. Again, remind you of anyone?

If under the influences of a cold, Snivy will suffer a loss of stamina and have a slower reaction time when dodging attacks.

*006*2016-11-07 04:54

Meh. I guess that-a counts.

###

Alright, enough with the stupid rivalry battle stuff, let's get on to the good thing! What is the good thing? Oh yeah, going out really late at night to do stuff. In order to be a trainer, you got to be willing to go adventuring after hours. Or just going out solo to take out some mofo who stole your stuff. Zapp was going around late at night getting prepared to set off in the morning, first packing up on supplies, then he just decided to walk around to try and tire himself out.

It was about 2AM around the city, and almost everyone was asleep, with the exception being Zapp, the store clerk, and a few extras. All of Zapp's friends were asleep (and I refer to his pokemon as "friends" because that's the closest he got to having real friends back home. #roasted) so he was just walking around playing pokemon go on his phone. Is that app still cool actually? Ah whatever.

"Why hello there, sir!" A man said from behind him.

"Argh, stupid sandshrew!" Zapp turned around and saw the guy. "Oh hey, you need something?"

The man wore what looks like a poor excuse for a disguise. He was wearing a black tux and an obviously fake moustache. We all know what this is.

"I just happen to have lost my way and do not have any means of communication. May I see your phone?"

"Uh, sure." Zapp gave him the phone, then he did some stupid impression of an evil laugh and ran off. "I GOT THE DEVICE!" He screamed as he ran away. Zapp didn't know why, but he had the feeling the guy just stole his phone. So he went Pikachu and ran after the guy.

Zapp tracked his movements to a forest not far from town. He walked through the shrubbery and trees, often running into a random pokemon which he ended up ramming past. Yeah, that phone's kind of a big deal. But can we really blame him? It's an iPhone 6s plus. After a few minutes of that, Zapp finally found the guy who stole it. Unfortunately for him, this is also where his body was giving him problems. In a clearly obvious way if you consider what happened with Emolga.

'Maybe that soda can before bed was a bad idea.' He thought as his bladder once again poked him. 'Ah well, phone first, personal business later.' Zapp snuck out of the bush and turned human, then went behind the guy.

"Dammit, how does this thing work!? Where's the data we need!?" The guy said trying to find something. Two things are wrong with this problem: one is that Zapp's phone does not have what they need, and two is he has no idea how to work a 6s plus. Zapp touched his shoulder, and he jumped and turne around all defensively. "Woah! What do you want buddy! Are you after our secret plans to make a device that will help us rule the world!?"

"Device to- what? I just want my phone back!"

"Oops, maybe I said too much. No matter! I, Minion Brody shall defeat you for the name of team Nightmare! With my water type pokemon!" He then sent out 3 pokemon: a surskit, a goldeen, and a krabby.

"Oh, three against one, eh? I like those odds. Especially when that one is Pikachu!" Zapp transformed into his Pikachu form and the battle ensued. As it turned out, Brody was not very good at battling. Either that or Zapp is just really good at battling. He managed to endure and evade their attacks, yet the ones that hit him didn't help his bladder out too well. After a few minutes of Zapp completely destroying Brody's pokemon, they were all downed.

"Dangit! Now i'm defenseless! Fine, you can have your phone back."

Brody gave Zapp back his phone and then ran off. Zapp put the phone in his pocket, and proceeded to make his way back to town. As Pikachu. For I have no idea why.

*about half an hour later*

"Okay, it's been half an hour and I think i'm lost."

Zapp was also feeling his already urgent need getting more urgent. Also it didn't help the fact that there are nocturnal pokemon around. Well, at least he got his phone back. After a little more walking, he came across an odd figure. It had the pokemon look, but he's never seen that kind of pokemon before. He decided to ask it for directions

"Um, excuse me, can you tell me which way is back to Cerenus City?"

The figure turned around. It was a white faced, blue eyed female, with beautiful wavy hair that flowed through the winds as they passed. She had a jewel on her forehead and a dark green dress with a bright green stripe at the stomach area (you'll know the rest of her appearance in a few seconds). Then, in a serene and beautiful voice, she said this:

"Oh, hello there. I am Meloetta."

Zapp was speechless from seeing her front side. And again, can you really blame him? Meloetta is a very beautiful creature. After regaining his senses, he spoke to her. "Uh, hi. The name's Zapp. Also, um, do you know how to get to Cerenus City from here?"

"Cerenus City, um, follow me. I think I know where to go."

As the two walked through the forest, Zapp couldn't help but try to make small talk with Meloetta.

"So, um, What's someone like you doing in the forest?" He asked.

"Hm? Oh, I go to places like this all the time." She responded. "Everyone thinks since i'm a girl I wouldn't be into this sort of thing, but I like going out to places. It's nice to feel the thrill and excitement of seeing new places."

"I guess that makes sense. I don't really know anybody who doesn't like adventuring." Zapp said, still slightly amazed by her beauty.

After about ten minutes of walking through shrubs and trees, they finally arrived at town. Zapp stepped out of the bushes and onto the concrete, while Meloetta stayed in the bush.

"Well, it was nice meeting you Zapp." She said in a friendly tone. "I apologize that I can't go with you, but I assure one day we will meet again."

Meloetta disappeared within the bushes and back into the forest. Zapp felt she was going to be a real good friend. Then he noticed a shining blue stone on the ground and picked it up. It was the blue gem on Meloetta's forehead.

"She must have dropped it when she went back in the bushes." He set it inside his parka, to save it for when the two meet again. Then he went back to the pokemon center. However, upon getting to the door, his bladder jolted him and reminded him about what he was putting off. And it felt like that feeling when you're completely ignoring someone and they slap you in the face really hard to get your attention.

"Okay, almost forgot about that..."

Zapp went into the pokemon center and down the hall at extreme speed. Well not really, he was hobbling down the hall. Once he made it to the bathroom, he tried to open it, but it was occupied. So he had to sit there and squirm around a bit. For five minutes. Then he heard a flush, and the door opened. Out came Zorua, and Zapp really did dash in there at extreme speed, not even noticing he dropped the gem.

"What was that?" Zorua said, still half asleep. She looked down and saw the shiny blue gem on the ground. She picked it up, and sat next to the door to see who dropped it.

Meanwhile, Zapp was busy getting up on the toilet. Luckily for him, Zorua left the staircase meant for small pokemon who can't reach it on their own. He climbed up to the seat, and let his released tension do the rest. He let his bladder empty out one full can of soda (which he drank as Pikachu btw if that clears up why it filled him so easily) into the toilet bowl. After a firm two minutes of relaxing, the yellow stream finally died down and stopped.

"Oh man, I needed that." Zapp sighed, and proceeded to do the rest. Flush the toilet, wash his paws, yadda yadda yadda, all that stuff. Then he went out the door where he unknowingly ran into Zorua.

"Hi Zapp. You dropped this." Zorua gave Zapp the blue gem. "Where'd you get it?"

"Oh, Zorua! Uh, I found it outside, and I keptit because it looked pretty." Zapp looked a little nervous, but Zorua was too tired to care. The two went back to their room, and went back to sleep, to prepare for the next day.

END OF PRETTY MUCH INTRODUCING MELOETTA AND TEAM NIGHTMARE

###

Yes, I know Meloetta is genderless, but I just feel it's natural to say she's a girl. don't judge me.

Entry 3:

Quiilava

Real name: Quillson B. Volcanus

Age: 25

Special features: GPU: strength

IQ level: 2

Description: A lot of pokemon from the wild think Quilava is a deathly and ravenous fire type, who would annihilate all who oppress him, and see him as the most deadly fire type in the grass region. Is this true: OF course not! He's just a very misunderstood guy, who cares about his friends. He also has tons of strength, but not much knowledge of how to use it.

Powers and abilities:

Moveset: flame wheel, flamethrower, rock smash, Inferno

Quilava is a GPU like Snivy, but instead of being swift and evasive, he specializes in using his strength, allowing him to lift weights of boulders multiple times his size. This helps him when he needs to help the team by pushing enemies back.

Quilava also uses his skills of blowing intense fire and producing flames on his head and back to fight enemies. He can control these flames at will.

Quilava is extremely durable as he is able to take several consecutive hits and keep going. His fur is fireproof (as you all know) which makes him resistant to heat and can survive high temperatures.

Quilava is a very experienced battler, so he is adapted to the situations of environments and new attacks.

Weaknesses:

Quilava is pretty much an idiot as shown by his IQ, so he can end up making bad decisions without thinking twice. a lot.

As we all know, the biggest weakness to fire is water.

Sometimes Quilava doesn't realize his own strength and can end up hurting his friends unintentionally.

If under the influence of a cold, Quilava will be unable to use his super strength or his flame breath.

*007*2016-11-13 03:46

Alright, time for a different approach to the plot. Where else do we start, but at the beginning. More specifically about seven years ago, in a lab. This particular lab is a place made for innovation, technology, and pretty much pokemon science of all sorts. Only professionals are allowed to work with the environment and machinery the lab provides.

PK Corporations: 99% Legal (maybe)

During this particular time, PK Corp. was doing some... somewhat lethal experiments, I guess? It was the classic stuff, like using rotoms as power sources, DNA fusion, and building an artificial humanoid. Yeah, they actually created the first ever human- replica android, named "project X" (I am very creative) or X for short. And the DNA fusion thing we'll be going over in a sec.

As for this current moment however, there's a sort of argument going on about creating a... "special" pokemon with the DNA fusion research. A man wearing a tuxedo was standing at the containment zone of a highly unstable specimen.

"Ah, yes. This one will work perfectly..."

The door, which was the only entrance, slammed open through the kick of X. He was tall, averagely slim, and averagely light skinned. He had roughed up black-blue-ish hair, bright blue eyes, and was wearing a white T-shirt, black jeans, and black sneakers. Following him was Richard Thunderite, one of the main scientists. He had brown hair, glasses, the "i haven't shaved in a week" look, a lab coat, blue jeans, and brown shoes.

"Get away from the containment, Giovanni." Richard said.

"Ah, good old T. It's been a while." Giovanni said, pulling off the nefarious walk. "I was just borrowing him for some of my own work. I'll pay the debts."

"You know this thing is unstable! we can't let him out of that proton container! If we do, he could have a meltdown and blow this entire lab to pieces!"

Goivanni, despite the potential threat of getting killed along with everyone in the lab, went along and put his hand on the control panel, planning to open the container.

"X, stop him!"

X ran over towards Giovanni in an attempt to stop him from opening the tube containing the powerful pokemon, but it was too late and the opening sequence initiated. The being awoke, and looked around as he was released.

'F... Free...'

"Hello creature I am Giovanni, the one who released you from your prison! My only wish is that you follow my every command."

'I... am not... your slave...'

"You idiot! That thing won't take orders from anybody!" Richard said, blazing red in fury. The creature charged it's power, and started destroying parts of the room it was in. "It'll destroy us all! We need to evacuate the area!"

*meanwhile in another room of the lab*

Meanwhile some of the lower level scientists were recording notes on the pokemon-Ditto DNA fusion experiment which they used a Zorua for. She was sleeping soundly, not paying attention to what the scientists were doing. The results were "interesting" to say the least. But of course, I have to be an ass and crash their party being the narrator and all by pulling this:

WARNING: CODE MYU-2. NUCLEAR MELTDOWN IMMINENT.

"MYU-2!? Giovanni opened the capsule containing the unstable pokemon creation and now it's going to destroy us all like it did in the anime!?"

"Oh what I wouldn't give to change the story."

Alright, so explosions, death, carnage, bloody murder, spaghetti noodles, all that stuff. We all know about the bloody carnage of this stuff so you get the idea. Nobody survived. Except for the real Giovanni because clone logic, along with X who just so happened to have awoken hours later, and the Zorua, who transformed into a golett to survive the collapsing and then returned to normal and ran off.

As for X, he lost everything he knew to love, but his hard drive glitched out to give him personality of his own, so that's good. But then again, his face got all jacked up in the process, so he had to try and assume an identity of a normal being. So he set out to do just that.

END OF BACKSTORY AND POSSIBLE FORESHADOWING OF NEW CHARACTER

###

... So I made up something about Mewtwo's past, screw me! And now, the moment you've all been waiting for, Zorua's character entry! Oh, nobody was waiting for that? well you get it anyways. Entry 4:

Zorua

Real name: Unknown

Age: (estimated) around 19

Special features: species evolution (artificial)

IQ level: 12

Description: Raised in a lab for as long as she can remember, Zorua has grown to be very intelligent and knows about what science is leading us to. After the lab was destroyed, she went into hiding from humans until about 7 years later when she was in a cave and lost her motivation. She's normally quick tempered, relaxed, and keeps to herself most of the time. She is also secretly happy to have friends.

Powers and abilities:

Moveset: foul play, thief, scratch, scary face

Like Buizel, Zorua has gone through the genetic mutation of species evolution. The only difference is Zorua had it done by scientists. She went through an experiment where her DNA was infused with that of a Ditto's. As a result, when Zorua uses her illusion ability, she is capable of mutating her cells to match the pokemon she changes into, therefore getting their powers and abilities. To control the power and keep it stable, she wears a wristband on her... whatever it is you call that thing on her front left foot where the ankle would be.

Zorua is the smartest of her friends, as shown by her IQ. As we all know, brain beats brawn, so a well thought out plan can easily let Zorua win a battle. She is also capable of figuring out how to use random props and environments to her advantage.

Due to being a fox, Zorua is very agile and can reach high and far ledges easily, sometimes with little to no effort. She also has enhanced smell and hearing, being able to track scents and hear things from behind solid surfaces.

Zorua is also capable of adapting to other pokemon's powers, even if she doesn't get the one she wants.

Weaknesses:

Zorua's main weakness is sometimes the cell mutation sequence gets messed up and transforms her into a completely different pokemon than the one she wants. While she would normally blame the wristband, it's actually her fault due to her impatient behavior, leading her to not taking time to focus her mutation.

Zorua's enhanced senses can also be a weakness, due to being vulnerable to repulsive odors and harmful soundwaves, such as hyper voice and smog.

Under the influences of a cold, Zorua will lose her sense of smell and when transforming, have to deal with the influences on other pokemon.

