Useless Talent

Author: Wide

*000*2019-07-29 19:16

Chapter 1 - The Bracelets

It started with a weird exchange as I left the store.

"You seem like a kind fellow!" He said, stopping me as I was about to step into the parking lot.

"Thank you?" I reply, trying to step around him.

"Do you wear bracelets?" He asks

"No, I do-" I hear the grocery bag in my hand crinkle, and look down, then quickly to his hands. There's nothing that he's holding, and everything still appears to be in there.

"Well, have a nice day." He walks away, seeming to have accomplished something, though I wasn't sure what.

I didn't work it out until I had arrived home, and started putting my grocery bags away. I discovered 3 clear bags of bracelets that I hadn't bought. They were all labeled "Pee Bracelets - Set of 8." I flipped one bag around to look at the back, and their was a list of each color.

"Red - Long Distance. Put it on and see how far your stream will go! Orange - Height. When wearing this one, be careful not to get rained on! Yellow - Infinite. You'll never run out of pee while wearing this one, great for pairing with the others! Green - Absorbable. Pee on fabric, and not only soak it, but fill it like a water balloon! Blue - Fast. If you want to pee more than you already are, use this to get more out in less time! Purple - Silent. Cut out those loud hissing and splashing noises to be more discrete about what your doing. Pink - Resistant. Ever wanted to wet yourself without ruining the pants your wearing? Now the pee won't be absorbed by your pants (or anything else)! Black - Reversal. Pee on anything that has fallen victim to your powers and return it to normal. Just pee into the already soaked item or into the pool of pee, and all of it will be undone!"

Confused, but curious, I took a pack of them out into my backyard, put on the red one, and dropped my pants. I started to pee, and to my amazement, it flew across my yard, hitting the fence that was at least 25 feet away from me. I removed the bracelet, and the moment it wasn't around my arm any more, the pee quickly returned to normally hitting the ground in front of me.

I decided to go in color order, so I located the orange one and put it on. Immediately my pee started to almost defy gravity, going almost straight up in a huge arch that didn't land to far in front of me, but went higher than my house, or any building on the block for that matter.

Then, to my slight dismay, I had emptied my bladder. Luckily, the next in line way the yellow one that promised to make sure I never ran out. I put it on, and immediately my peeing returned. I waited for a couple minutes, and it never stopped, so I kept it on as I found the green one, and put it on.

Nothing seemed to happen, so I re-read the bag, and realized I needed to be wearing some type of fabric, or at least be peeing on it. So I pulled up my underwear, whilst still peeing, and watched. My underwear immediately started to act as a diaper, and swelled as it held all the pee. It dripped in some places, but held 99% of the pee I was releasing. I eventually had to remove the underwear completely as the massive amounts of liquid were weighing me down.

One I had them off, whilst still wearing the yellow and green bracelets, I continued peeing on the underwear now laying in the grass in front of me, and discovered that the pee was still going into the underwear, causing it to expand further. Eventually I remove the green one, leaving the overfilled underwear laying on the ground in front of me.

I put on the blue ones on, and the stream of pee suddenly increases in size quite a bit, clearly causing me to pee more than I normally would at once, and it quickly makes puddles in a few places that spread out quicker than the ground can absorb it. I remove the blue ones as the pee seeps into the ground.

I put on purple next, and suddenly everything that goes quiet. There's no "pee hiss," no splashing, no dripping. It just silently lands in the lawn. There's not much else to say about this one.

I switch to the pink one, and it starts to run across the ground, this time it doesn't seem to seep into the ground. As I read the explanation of the pink one again, I pull my pants back up. I feel the pee run down my legs, and out the bottom of the pants. But it's completely dry as the pee continues to pool on the ground around me,

I put on the final black one, and pee onto the ground. The pooling from the pink one immediately disappears. I pee on the balloon-like boxers, and the immediately dry off and return to their normal size.

I finally remove all the bracelets as I pull a folded paper from the bag. I unfold it and read:

"Bracelet Combos: The Parabola - Red and Orange: Pee over buildings with this one to make sure the evidence is as far from you as possible. The Basin - Blue, Yellow, and Pink: Instantly fill up anything with this combination, maybe if you want to go for a swim. The Marker - Red and Green: Pee far into the distance, and see if you can hit someone. You'll be able to tell when their torso or legs expand The Cancellation - Pink and Green: Wearing both at the same time will cause you to pee and soak things normally, and nothing will be different, even if you have other bracelets on.

Same goes for wearing the black one with any of the other ones. The Pitstop - Blue and Purple: You'll be in and out of the bathroom in an instant, and you'll be so silent nobody will even notice you were there. The Growth - Yellow, Green, and Blue: Blow up your crotch like a balloon in seconds with this combo. Try and get your dick more upwards for a more normal belly look if you can get it to hit your shirt instead.

And the most popular among testers: The Balloon - Orange, Yellow, Green, and Blue: This one is extremely complicated to do, but equally entertaining when pulled off. You'll want a pair of underwear (as it grows into a round shape), and somewhere outside to lie down. The challenge becomes trying to throw the underwear in the air, and then aiming at them with pee. This creates a situation where the underwear are slowly rising into the air (due to the force of the blue bracelet's power) while expanding, both like qualities of a balloon. Be careful that you have the black one nearby because when that underwear gets big, the force of the stream won't be able to keep in in the air, and the underwear will start falling fast."

Out of interest, I decide to try the last one. I lay down in the grass, and put on the orange, yellow, green, and blue bracelets, making sure the bag of them is within arms reach. I remove my pants again, and grab my underwear. I throw them into the air, and try to pee on them. I fail many times, and the stream lands on my shirt many times, causing it to fill my shirt.

Eventually, I hit the pair, and it starts to rise into the air, amazingly enough. It also starts to quickly grow. In fact, it grows so fast it's bigger than I am within the first ten seconds, most likely due to the blue/green combination. Soon it's getting pretty huge for the backyard, and starts to get to heavy for the stream.

It starts falling, and I quickly stand and run out of the way, still peeing straight up, and fishing through the bag for the black one. I quickly put it on, and as the underwear hits the ground, now a huge sphere, I pee on it, and it snaps back to a normal shape and size as it dries off. I put the bracelets away in the bag and seal it again.

I set it down on the table, and not a minute later is there a knock at the door. I quickly pull on my now-dry pants, and answer the door. It's Logan and Nathan, brothers who are good friends of mine.

Logan is a short, skinny, blond guy with pale skin and brown eyes. He tends to be very talkative and interested in everything. Nothing truly bothers him that much, and tends to enjoy himself no matter what he's doing.

Nathan is very tall and wide. He has tan skin and night-black hair. His eyes are also brown, and his clothes are very tight on his large frame. I'm pretty sure he and Logan share a wardrobe because Logan's clothes always looks to be 3 sizes to big and so long that the ends of his limbs are never visible. Nathan doesn't talk nearly as much, but often asks questions about everything until he gets an answer or gives up. He's willing to try anything, but will quickly drop anything he doesn't want to do.

"Hey Cam! You ready for our trip?" Logan asks.

"Oh shoot! That's today?" I answer.

"Yea... are you packed?" He presses.

"I mean, I am, but I'm just surprised." I say, and head to get my suitcase. As I grab it, I glance at the three bags of bracelets on the table next to me. I quickly grab them on a moment's instinct and decide to take them with me. I shove them in a pocket on the case, zip it up, and head for the door.

"Let's go!" Logan says, as they lead me to Logan's car. We climb in, and we head off.

The trip is to drive around the Canadian providence we live in, Alberta, and see the sights. We has many plans, but nothing was really set in stone. And I knew I was gonna end up derailing them with these bracelets, though not immediately. Our only basis is that we're doing it as a camping trip of some kind, so we all have foldable tents, and we're planning to spend a lot of time outside.

Pretty soon, we're already getting off at an exit to use the bathroom at an gas station. However, out of temptation, I try to make an excuse to get us to go outside in a field instead.

"Come on, why use a gas station bathroom? We're on a camping trip! We should go pee outside, eh?" I offer, and surprisingly Nathan agrees pretty quickly, to my surprise. Logan also agrees after a bit of consideration because he can never turn anything down from his constant curiosity. I've never felt more glad of how comfortable the three of us are around each other.

We drive onto a dirt road, and after a while we come to a clearing where we can pull the car onto the side of the road. Logan steers us from the road, and we all get out and walk away from the road. Before I get out, a quickly grab a random bracelet, finding that I grab the yellow one. I slide it on, and immediately need to pee even more. I quickly drop my pants and start to pee, and so do the other guys.

Soon, the other two have finished peeing, but due to the bracelet's magic, I haven't, and won't until the bracelet is off.

"Woah, you really needed the bathroom, didn't you?" Logan jokes while the two of them wait for me to finish.

"Yea, I did." I reply, smirking a bit knowing that it won't stop. We stand around for a couple minutes in silence before Nathan peeps up for the first time in the whole trip.

"How could someone possibly pee this long?" He says as he walks over to check if I'm still going. "What the heck?"

"I really needed to go, I hadn't gone all day." I try to excuse myself.

"You've made that obvious, eh?" He says.

"I guess so." I play it cool, but it only keeps the hewt off me for so much longer. At this point I'm just trying to see how long I can go before they try to stop me, or just take me back to the car whilst I pee.

"Hey, Cam? You still going over here?" Logan walks over.

"Yea. I hadn't peed for at least 24 hours, so I've really had to go."

"I don't feel like that excuses a 10 minute long pee, though." He says, and he grabs my arm, and starts pulling me to the car. "I care about getting to a campsite more than wether you pee in my car, honestly. So we're going back to the car wether you're still peeing or not." Logan's careless nature takes him over

"Uhhh... okay." I say, casually and secretly removing my bracelet from my wrist and putting it my pocket, stopping the stream. I pull up my pants, and we climb back in the car.

"Wait, you finished?" Logan inquires.

"I guess so, and just in time." I say as I climb back in the car. "Let's go, because I feel like I'll be needing to use the bathroom again later."

"I don't remember you needing the bathroom this much..." Logan says.

"Me neither." Nathan says.

"My bladder's gotten weaker then, eh?" I say.

We drive until we arrive at the campsite, and then find an area far from any other campers, per my request. As we park, I pull out the green bracelet, sliding it on with the yellow one, while taking the bag with me. I quickly get out, leaving my pants behind in the car, so I'm just in boxers.

We start to set up our tents, and while I'm behind mine and out of sight of the other guys, I start to pee again. My underwear immediately becomes soaked, and starts to expand.

"What's that hissing noise? Are you already peeing again, Cam?" He walks over as I continue peeing and setting up my tent. He walks around the side and jumps back at the sight of the growing underwear.

"What's wrong, dude?" I ask, casually.

"Are you, like, wearing a diaper?" He says, waving Nathan over.

"No, why?" I ask.

"Why are your boxers soaked and filling with pee?" He asks, as Nathan arrives, not reacting in the slightest.

"I don't understand why that's a problem." I lie.

"I mean, it's not a problem, it's just... unusual. Boxers don't normally stretch like that, and people don't normally pee as much as you are right now." He says.

"Well, maybe I'm not normal." I lean over, pretending to continue setting up, but I actually put on the blue bracelet from the bag on the ground next to me. The underwear immediately starts to grow a lot faster.

"How are you peeing so much? Did it just get faster?" Logan backs up. My crotch is now bigger than the tent I'm setting up, and is approaching double the tent's size.

"I'm just using the bathroom, Logan. Go finish securing the tents before the wind picks up or something." I say, getting up. "I've finished my tent already, so I'm gonna go over here to finish peeing since it bothers you so much."

I stroll a bit away from the tents, making sure I'm not to close to the sight of other campers. I have the bag in hand, though it's hidden from view by the bulging underwear. I continue to pee as the underwear weighs me down, forcing me to the ground.

Eventually, the underwear is now at least 10 times the size of me, my legs and most of my torso now hidden from view, as Nathan walks over.

"Hey, dude. Sorry about Logan, I've never seen him grumpy about anything like this before." He says, though I can barely hear him.

"It's okay, but you're kinda far away for me to hear you." I say, though I do nothing to allow him to approach.

Then, to my surprise, Nathan climbs onto the pee-filled fabric, and maneuvers closer to me so we can talk. His pants are immediately dampened as he sits down on the underwear.

"Okay, look, I get that you know it's not normal. I can tell you're doing this to mess with us, more specifically Logan. I'd be willing to join you in messing with him if you're willing to tell me how you pull this stuff off?" Nathan asks.

"I'll tell you. But wait until tonight. It's less risky if Logan is asleep so he won't overhear." I say.

"So I'll be able to do these things, eh?" Nathan checks.

"Yea, you'll have the tools." I guarantee. I suddenly remember that the underwear is still growing, but the bag is somewhere on it, out of my sight. "...but as a bit of an explanation, do you see a bag pf bracelets anywhere?"

"Yea, it's on the underwear over there." He points off into the distance

"Get it for me, will ya?" I beg.

"Will do." He gets up and walks across the expanding underwear. He returns with the bag in hand.

"Pass it here and then get of the underwear. Call out if you can once you get off." I explain, and he walks away after giving me the bag. I grab the black bracelet out, and wait for him to say something

"I'm off!" I hear him faintly say. I slide the black bracelet on and the underwear returns to being the right size, and I immediately stop peeing.

"Woah! How did you do that?" He asks.

"I'll explain later. Right now, go change your pants before Logan sees you soaked." I order.

"Well, before that, seeing as I'm already pretty wet." A hissing noise starts, and more of his pants become wet as pee runs down them. Once it stops, Nathan walks off like nothing happened.

*002*2019-08-03 14:54

{{5 hours ago, Keita123 said:

Well, this certainly is unique.

}}

Thanks?

*004*2019-08-05 05:14

{{8 hours ago, BeeCat said:

It is unique! I'd be happy to read more if you wrote it. Thanks for sharing.

}}

I'm working on the next chapter, will probably post it on here as well

