No matter what (a lesbian love story) - Page 2

Author: Wolf-93

*025*2012-04-05 14:35

Thank you for the fantastic compliment Rob, I feel honored by the things you say!

As you might have noticed though, I haven't been writing on this story for a while. First I wanted to finish it, but to be honest I have no clue where to go. I think I am just not that good at writing anything longer then 5 pages.

Even though I will probably not finish this story, I will write something again soon. And because it seems that there are more people into this whole lesbian-thing, I might write something about two girls again.

*028*2012-04-10 09:18

The things you mention had popped into my mind already. Of course something has to happen. The last chapter was one great cliff hanger indeed, and of course I have my ideas that should follow on that. The problem is that I don't know where to go from that point. The story has to lead somewhere and I haven't given that much thought. But I guess I just have to continue writing and see where it leads to.

*030*2012-04-13 18:29

Okay, so, I have tried to write something again. I have some ideas now - let me know what you think of it, thanks. :)

Part 6

So, quite too soon there came an end to our holiday together. Sam had to start working, while I went to college again. Even though I would miss Sam terribly during the day, I was excited to go back to school again. I couldn’t wait to finish it, so I could start earn a living for Sam and me as well. I wasn’t comfortable with the fact that Sam paid for everything. My parents sometimes gave me some money as well, mostly when they were in a good mood – which didn’t happen that often.

It was a Friday morning when I left the house early, so I would be in time to catch my train. Sometimes Sam would drive me to school, but she didn’t have to work today, so I said she could stay in bed. I didn’t want her to get up so she could drive me to school while it wasn’t no problem to go by train either. She insisted she would pick me up when I was done, though. Of course I agreed with that.

The problems with my bladder didn’t occur that often anymore. The things that had happened in France had left quite an impression on me. For some reason I didn’t wait that long anymore before I went to pee. Sam and I didn’t talk about it anymore either, though Sam mentioned once that she found it interesting that I didn’t hold my pee that long anymore. She didn’t say anything about being disappointed about that, so I decided not to bring it up again. Still there was this feeling deep inside of me, which longed for Sam to pee in the shower again. She never did this again after that one time in France.

~*~*~*~*~

When I arrived at school, I hurried to the right classroom. Today there would be some special guest and I had no idea who it would be. The special guest would provide us some extra colleges, which we needed for our exams. I didn’t mind going there, but I would’ve liked it better to stay with Sam.

Entering the classroom I looked for a seat and soon I found one, placing myself next to one of my friends. She wasn’t really a close friend; I just liked to talk to her. Not too long after that college started and we both had to shut up again so we wouldn’t interrupt anyone.

It didn’t take long before I felt a familiar twinge in my lower abdomen. I didn’t think too much of it, because I knew I could hold it until break. To not make matters worse, I decided to cross my legs. This always made me feel a little bit more at ease. Glancing at my watch the clock told me there were about 30 minutes left. Relaxing my body, I concentrated on the teacher and managed to hold on.

~*~*~*~*~

When my first college was over I grabbed my things together and rushed towards the front of the building, where some bathrooms were located. Quickly I went in there and locked myself in a cubicle. Grabbing my crotch to ease the pressure, I dropped my bag and pulled my pants down. Soon my boxers followed and relieved I sat down. Soon the floodgates opened and I couldn’t help but sigh, glad that I finally could relieve myself. Also I was glad that I didn’t hold on until next college. Finishing up I grabbed some toilet paper and cleaned myself. Quickly I pulled my pants back up, flushed and left the cubicle again. While washing my hands I noticed I had some time left, so I went to the cafeteria of the school to get something to drink.

After getting myself a coffee I sat down at a table and read a book for a while. Suddenly someone appeared next to me and sat down as well. Looking up, I noticed it was this friend of mine.

‘Hi,’ she said, smiling at me.

‘Hi,’ I murmured back at her while I closed my book again.

‘Abigail, I was wondering,’ she paused for a moment, ‘if you still have that girlfriend.’ I nodded, slightly smiling. ‘Yes, we are still together.’

‘Still happy with her?’

‘Yes, more than happy to be honest.’ I wondered why she was asking all these questions. She didn’t look too nice while asking them.

‘Alright then. Just wondering.’ She looked at her watch. ‘My next college will start soon, so I am off again.’ Without greeting me, she left again. I wondered what was going on. Maybe she was jealous – yea, I guess she is.

~*~*~*~*~

After my second college I went outside and looked around, hoping to spot Sam soon. Luckily I didn’t have to search for her long, because she got out of the car to greet me. Quickly I went over to her and hugged her tight. We then both got into the car and she drove us home. I couldn’t wait to cuddle on the couch with her.

‘How was your day at school today?’

‘Really interesting. There was this girl I talk to quite often who was acting a bit weird though,’ I answered Sam.

‘What did she say then?’

‘Not too much really, but it was just weird. She asked me about our relationship and all. Really, I am not too happy I told some people at school about the two of us.’ Sighing I looked out of the window, already regretting what I said.

‘How do you mean?’

‘People think it’s weird. Me being so young and you being so old. And us being both female.’

‘You shouldn’t worry about it too much, dear.’ She took one of her hands of the wheel to touch my knee, carefully looking over at me.

‘You are right, I shouldn’t.’

It then was silent for a while and soon after that we arrived home. Sam parked the car in front of the door and while holding hands we walked inside. After locking the door she sneaked over to me and grabbed me. I stumbled and soon we lay on the couch together. It was time to have some fun.

*033*2012-04-15 13:44

Part 7

‘Babe,’ Sam said while hovering over me, ‘I feel like going out tonight.’ We then melted into a kiss, carefully touching each other’s body. When I got some room to breath again, I moved a bit so I could look over at Sam. I did feel like going out as well. We hadn’t done that for a while and I was definitely missing it. ‘Where shall we go tonight?’

~*~*~*~*~

After we cooked and had dinner together, we both got ready to go to a gay club. There weren’t that many in town, but luckily there was a good one close to our home. It took me some time to decide what to wear, so Sam picked me some jeans and a nice shirt. She was wearing a pair of jeans as well. Also she had this shirt on where you could see her boobs very well. I couldn’t help but touch them when Sam was standing near me.

‘Wow, someone’s aroused tonight!’ Sam teased.

‘Very, very aroused,’ I murmured. We then kissed again, making sure not to fall over this time. I didn’t feel like landing on the floor. Sam pulled out of the kiss way too soon.

‘We will continue this in half an hour!’

‘Promise?’

‘I promise.’

Together we walked to the club, holding hands in the streets. Some people looked over at us, pulling idiot faces. Some lads found it amusing to yell at us, but we couldn’t care less. Sometimes I had a hard time not to care, but luckily I had Sam. Sam didn’t give a damn what other people said about us. This helped me a lot not to care either.

When we arrived at the club, people weren’t staring at us of course. Thank God for gay clubs. We ordered some drinks and after drowning these, we went over to the dance floor to have a great night. I got my kiss as promised.

~*~*~*~*~

It was getting really late when I felt a familiar twinge in my lower abdomen. Knowing we would go home soon, I ignored it. I knew the bathrooms in most clubs weren’t too clean and I just didn’t feel like using a dirty toilet right now. Hopefully Sam wouldn’t want to stay too long though. I wasn’t planning on wetting myself.

‘Sam, I am getting tired,’ I murmured, deciding this was the smartest way to play it.

‘Really? I feel like I could keep going all night!’

‘Yes, really. And I want to cuddle,’ I said, maybe a bit too whiny.

‘Alright babe, let’s go home then.’ She took my hand after this and together we walked over to the exit. On our way there I felt how bad I actually had to pee and decided that I couldn’t wait.

‘Sam, I think I have to pee.’ Sam turned her head and looked at me with a rather aroused look. I wondered what this meant.

‘Can you hold it?’

‘I don’t know…’ A slight blush covered my cheeks. Even though I just said I wasn’t sure if I could hold it, Sam dragged me to the exit and before I could register it we were standing outside. I decided not to say anything of it and walked along with her.

~*~*~*~*~

We were almost home when I had to stand still for a moment. Crossing my legs I bent a little at the knees, moaning slightly because I had to go so bad. I shouldn’t have drunk all these beers. Sam simply stood there, smiling a bit. She also had her knees bent at some point and I wondered where this was going. These beers didn’t help with thinking, so I just let it happen.

‘Sam, I really have to go you know.’

‘I know babe, I know. Just hold it for a bit,’ she said. She then took my hand again and dragged me along. By now I had to hold my crotch to make sure I wouldn’t leak into my jeans. It didn’t take long before we got home and Sam opened the door. I wanted to make a mad dash for the bathroom, but Sam abruptly stopped me.

‘What are you doing?’

‘I want you to hold it just a bit longer,’ she said, now holding her own crotch as well.

‘Do you need to pee as well?’ For a moment I forgot about my own need. It was such a turn on to see Sam holding herself like that.

‘Yes, I do. You like that?’

‘Uh-huh…’

‘Ha, you’re so cute!’ Walking over to me she grabbed me at the waist and then kissed me deeply. I wanted to hold her as well, but I knew I was finished if I took my hands away from my crotch.

We kissed for a while. Suddenly I had to back off though – a spurt had just leaked out without me noticing it properly. Bending over I crossed my legs in an awkward way, looking pleadingly at Sam. ‘Please, let me use the bathroom,’ I whined. Normally I would have started to cry by now, because I had to go so bad. This time it was turning me on and I could only stare at Sam doing a pee-dance as well.

‘Fuck, I have to pee,’ Sam suddenly screamed out. She was making her way towards the bathroom with both of her hands in her crotch, but this time I was the one to stop her.

‘Hold it.’

‘I can’t! Fuck!’ I could tell by the look of her face that she had just leaked a bit.

‘Does it feel nice?’ I took one of my hands away from my own crotch and grabbed hers. She indeed had leaked, and not just a bit either! Suddenly I felt another spurt pushing it’s way out and at that same moment Sam leaked a bit as well. I had to grab myself with both hands again.

After a third spurt, urine started to travel down my legs and I knew I was done. A fourth spurt followed and soon I couldn’t stop it anymore. pee started to travel down my legs. I could hear the loud hissing sound that came from myself and ashamed I looked over at Sam. She had her eyes closed. Suddenly I heard the same hissing sound coming from her. Looking at her jeans I knew she was wetting full force as well now. I wanted to grab her and that’s exactly what I did. Soon we were standing against each other, both soaking our jeans completely. When I was done, Sam still kept going. Soon she was done as well and we both sighed relieved.

‘That was hot,’ Sam said, smiling.

‘Incredibly hot.’

‘So we both like pee then?’

‘I guess so.’

‘I knew you did, so I thought I should let it rest for a while and then take some action. I believe it worked out,’ Sam said with a sense of triumph. I smiled and grabbed her ass, which was drenched in urine. I then pulled her closer so I could kiss her properly. How I loved this girl.

~*~*~*~*~

After cleaning the floor with our wet jeans on, we went over to the bathroom. There we undressed each other and got into the shower together. In there, Sam announced she had to take a leak again and right after that she started to pee on my feet. ‘Actually I do this all the time you know,’ she said. ‘I had a hard time holding myself all these times we showered together,’ she then added, laughing out loud. I had to laugh as well and pressed her body against mine. What else could I wish for?

*037*2012-04-28 11:53

Sorry guys it took so long to update! I am so busy all the time; mostly thanks to school.

Thanks a lot for the reply's, I really appreciate it! And Marin, you are right about the change of course. I had to try something different.

This story will soon come to an end by the way, because I feel like writing some male omorashi. Also I have an idea on how to end this, so consider the upcoming chapters as the last ones.

Part 8

Next morning I woke up early; Sam was still fast asleep. Glaring at her I over thought last night, wondering how things had changed so fast. Not that I didn’t like it, but it surprised me a bit. I could’ve never guessed that Sam and I were into the same things. I wondered what would happen next. Mostly when partners found out each other’s interest, a lot of sexual stuff was about to follow. I still didn’t like to have sex that much, but all these things involving pee were things I did like.

~*~*~*~*~

Several weeks went by. During these weeks, we had a lot of fun together. Even though I had to go to school and Sam had to go to work, there still was plenty of time left to try some things involving our new interests. Nothing ever happened by accident, sadly enough. Not until then.

~*~*~*~*~

We were on our way back from a nice day at the beach. Sam and I were together for a while now, so sometimes we got into this routine. To break out of that, we decided to go on daytrips more often. Today we had loads of fun with swimming, secretly peeing in the sea and all such things. Now I was in the car, next to Sam. Being really tired we decided to switch seats every now and then, but Sam seemed to be more awake than I was, so she had been driving for an hour now. Being an hour on the road meant we still had one hour to go.

Sam had been a bit restless for the past fifteen minutes and I couldn’t help but wonder if she needed the loo. Of course, we had a great sex life involving both of us needing the loo quite frequently, but unplanned desperation was still the best thing in the world. Every time I secretly hoped she got into a situation in which she needed the loo desperately with no relieve in sight.

For now I decided not to mention anything. She would speak up if she really needed to use the bathroom anyway. Although, I thought she would speak up. We never got into a situation in which one of us needed the loo while knowing each other’s dirty pleasures. Maybe she didn’t like to speak up now because she knew I would get turned on by it. Not that it’s a bad thing to turn me on, but still. If I were dying for the loo without having it planned, I wouldn’t be too happy either.

~*~*~*~*~

Another ten minutes went by and Sam hadn’t decided to speak up yet. We had been talking about how great our day had been, but soon she had fallen silent. In my imagination she was too busy holding the contents of her bladder. If I were a boy, I would be having an enormous hard one by now, like seriously.

By now I was glancing in an odd way at her. Surely she knew I was checking her out. Suddenly she slowed speed a bit – after making sure nobody was driving behind us – and then carefully turned to me. ‘I really have to pee Abby,’ she said, smiling a bit. I almost screamed out of pure happiness, but made sure to shut my mouth just in time.

‘How bad is it?’

‘Really, really bad,’ she said, while she added to that by holding her crotch with one hand.

‘Can you hold it?’

‘Not sure, I think so…’

Sam started to gain speed again and I made sure to keep my eyes on her every second. She seemed to manage well, but she could be hiding it as well of course. I wondered what she was going to do. It would take a while before we would be able to stop at a petrol station. Going straight home would probably only take fifteen minutes longer.

‘How are you holding up?’ Sam jumped a bit in her seat after my sudden break of silence. Grinning I checked her crotch to see if she had leaked a bit, but couldn’t spot anything.

‘Well, I am fine. I think I can make it home, since we only have to drive for 30 minutes or so.’

‘You sure?’

‘Yea, why? Want to hear something else?’

Grinning again I looked at my feet, a bit shy again for getting this turned on. Sam seemed to notice and grinned a bit as wel.

‘Hey Abby, can you imagine how I always felt when you needed to pee really bad?’

‘Yea, I guess I can now…’

~*~*~*~*~

Only twenty minutes to go and Sam just decided to drive past the petrol station and go straight home to have some fun. She assured me she could manage until then. I strongly doubted it, for Sam was wriggling around like crazy and hardly could keep the car straight on the road.

‘This is not going as I had planned it,’ she said suddenly.

‘How do you mean?’

‘Well, it’s worse than planned.’

‘You planned this? That’s interesting.’

‘Well, I made sure to drink a bit more then usual, but it seems I drank a bit too much.’ She then grabbed herself again. Suddenly she moaned. We still had to drive for ten minutes.

By exiting the high way she had to keep both her hands on the stirring wheel. By releasing her crotch, I could spot a small wet patch the size of a golf ball.

‘Are you alright?’

Sam gritted her teeth and gained some more speed, even though she wasn’t allowed to drive any faster. I prayed we wouldn’t come across any police officers, because they would made us stop and then Sam would be finished. It would be great to see her wet her pants by accident of course, but I knew she didn’t want anything of that matter herself.

‘Sam, I think you should drive a bit slower.’

‘I can’t, I fucking can’t wait Abby!’

~*~*~*~*~

When we got home at last, she quickly parked in front of our house and hurried herself out of the car. I got out as well and went searching for the keys. Sam was standing at the front door by now, frantically grasping herself. And as typical for the moment, I couldn’t find my keys of course.

‘Abby, hurry up,’ Sam hissed.

‘I am trying babe, hold on!’

When I found the keys I quickly opened the door and waited for Sam to get in, but she kept standing where she stood.

‘Come on Sam, get in!’

‘I-I think I can’t.’

A loud hissing noise soon followed and her pants began to grow dark with wetness. Slowly she released her crotch and let it all out. When she was done, she stepped inside. Quickly I followed her and closed the door behind us, after making sure nobody saw her. Luckily it was already quite late, so nobody had seen us.

‘Are you alright?’

‘Yea, quite alright.’

Sam smiled at me and nodded when I longingly watched at her. I wanted to feel her. While pressing my hips against hers, I started to kiss her deeply. Soon the wetness of her crotch spread against mine.

‘Hey Sam, maybe I need to pee as well.’

‘Then go,’ was the short but obvious answer.

I relaxed my muscles and soon I started to drip a bit in my underwear. Mostly I couldn’t fully relax straight away, so this wasn’t very surprising. As soon as the stream started, I couldn’t stop it anymore though.

As soon as my bladder started to release its contents, Sam lifted me so I could pee all over her shirt. Soon we both were covered in wetness. When I was done, Sam let me down again and started to kiss my neck and tried to undo my trousers.

‘Let’s finish this in the shower, shall we?’

‘After you, Abby.’

*039*2012-04-30 09:10

Thank you Sencha!

This is the last chapter, but there will be an epilogue which I will post as soon as possible. The epilogue is going to be great, I promise. Thank you those who read this! I am sorry this didn't get any longer, but I just felt like this story had to finish. Well anyway,I hope you guys enjoyed it, even though it is shorter then you maybe hoped for.

Part 9

Next morning I woke up after Sam. She had left me alone in the bedroom, which surprised me a bit. Normally we waited for each other until we both were awake. Wondering what was going on I got out of bed and went to the bathroom. After refreshing myself a bit, I walked towards the kitchen, where Sam was standing behind the stove.

‘Good morning.’

‘Oh hi Abby, slept well?’ Sam dropped whatever she was doing and then walked over to me and kissed me on the forehead. Smiling I sat down at the kitchen table.

‘Is something going on since you didn’t wait for me to wake up?’ I immediately blurted out as soon as I sat down. Sam grinned and of course I noticed it. She quickly finished preparing dinner and placed some trays on the table.

‘Well, yes, something is going on…’ After saying this she immediately left the kitchen, so I got up as well and followed her.

Sam stood in the middle of the living room, smiling brightly. Questionably I looked over at her and slowly came closer.

‘Hey Abby, stay there and close your eyes.’ I did as I was told, wondering what the hell she was doing. There were several noises to be heard, but I overcame my curiosity and kept my eyes closed.

‘Okay, you can open them again.’

When I opened my eyes, Sam was on her knees in front of me, holding a box in front of me. Tears immediately sprung into my eyes. Sam took my hand, still keeping that same bright smile on her face. ‘Abby, we have been together for a while now,’ she paused for a moment, ‘and I would like to ask you something.’ She released my hand, opened the box and then took my hand again. A ring was staring at me from the box.

‘Dear Abby, would you like to marry me?’ For a moment I couldn’t believe it, but I wanted nothing more in this world then to be with Sam forever. And she obviously thought the same about me.

‘Oh my God, yes!’ Sam jumped up and hugged me tightly. Tears of happiness were streaming down my face by now. This was the best thing ever.

~*~*~*~*~

Sam and I had a great weekend together, but soon it was Monday again. I had to go to school and Sam had to go to work. As usual, when Sam had to work, she dropped me off at school first. With a bright smile on my face and a beautiful ring on my finger I entered the school. Nothing could ruin the feeling I had.

Soon that one girl, who supposed to be my friend, came up to me. She immediately noticed the ring around my finger and the huge smile on my face.

‘Well well, bought a ring a see? That’s very unlike you.’

‘Actually I am getting married,’ I said smiling. Her face immediately fell and I had to suppress laughter. She wasn’t jealous, was she?

‘Oh, alright, good for you.’ Oh wow, she really was jealous! I wondered why she liked me, but decided not to talk about it. Jeez, awkward situation!

‘Um, let’s go to class, shall we?’

‘Sure.’

When the day was finally over, I was glad. The girl had been staring at me all day and it made me feel slightly uncomfortable. Sam decided to take part of the day off, so she could pick me up.

~*~*~*~*~

Back home we talked through all the wedding stuff and soon it was evening again. During the talk about the wedding we both hadn’t used the bathroom all day and my bladder was starting to feel uncomfortably full.

‘I think I am going to dash off to the loo for a moment,’ I said, immediately getting up after saying that. Sam quickly grabbed me at the waist and put me down again though, as expected.

‘Just wait one second, I wanted to talk about what to wear!’ I got comfortable again, shoving the thought of needing to pee to the back of my mind. It wasn’t that urgent.

Soon we agreed that we would both wear a suit. Who cared if we looked the same? It would simply show how much we loved each other. We also decided on the fact that we would marry in private, with only some friend. We would inform our parents as well and they were welcome if they wished to be there.

When we were done, I got aware of my need to pee again. This time I couldn’t ignore it anymore. Slowly I got up and hobbled towards the toilet. Sam followed me and I wondered what she was up to. When I was near the loo, she picked me up and took me to the bathroom.

‘I have to pee as well and we both have to shower as well, so…’ Knowing where she was going I took my clothes of, but kept my underpants on. She did the same. Together we got in the shower. She didn’t turn the shower on, but waited for me to get started. I, on the other hand, was waiting for her to get started.

‘Uh, who’s starting first?’

‘Well, uh, you?’

‘Nope, you!’ I grinned.

‘Alright, together?’

‘Together.’ Soon a loud splashing sound was to be heard. Sam’s crotch grew dark with wetness and so did mine. Our pee splattered on both our feet and ran down our legs. Suddenly Sam grabbed me and started to kiss me intensely. pee sprayed everywhere by now and my bladder wasn’t empty yet.

When we were both done, Sam turned on the shower and we enjoyed the warmth and each other. Later that night we cuddled up in bed and I felt like the happiest girl alive.

~*~*~*~*~

The next morning I felt just the same. All happy with my girl; soon to be my wife. At the kitchen table I enjoyed the meal she prepared for me and later that afternoon we went into town to have some fun. I skipped school today, because well, why not?

In town we came across a wall where several advertisements hung. One of them was about moving and I immediately got a special feeling.

‘Would you like to move?’ Sam stood still and looked at me.

‘Do you want that?’

‘Only if you want it as well.’ Sam seemed to think about it for a bit, but I knew I got her interest.

‘It would be a great way to start our married live, hmm…’ I nodded happily, already imagining what our new house would look like.

~*~*~*~*~

Soon the decision was made that we would move to a new house after getting married. Sam agreed on one condition: she wanted a stone floor through the whole house, because that would be the easiest to clean. She had some things planned for our future and I loved it. I loved her, no matter what.

THE END

*041*2012-05-01 06:40

I am glad you liked my story and that you liked the ending! :)

The epilogue will be up here soon!

*042*2012-05-04 08:46

Epilogue

Soon the big day was there. We were going to get married and all the necessary things had been arranged. We would marry in church – luckily this was possible, even though we are gay. There would be a ceremony and all. Our parents had promised to show up as well, so it probably would be a fantastic day. We both had a suit we loved, so at least we would look great.

I had woken up early that particularly morning and prepared breakfast. After that I made sure Sam wouldn’t oversleep. Together we ate breakfast and after that we took a shower together. We helped each other putting our suits on and soon it was time for us to go. Sam’s dad picked us up and together we drove to the church. On our way there I could feel a twinge in my tummy, but I assured myself that was because of the nerves.

~*~*~*~*~

When we arrived we were led to a room where we had to wait until the ceremony was about to start. Sam’s father and everybody else had to take a seat in church and we just had to wait, wait and wait. The feeling in my stomach and lower abdomen hadn’t left and I started to worry a bit, which caused that I stopped speaking. Sam seemed to notice, but she probably thought it would be the nerves as well.

‘I wonder if this church has a bathroom,’ she suddenly said. Of course she got my attention immediately. Maybe I just had to pee.

‘I don’t think they have one – do you need to go?’ Sam shuffled her feet around a bit and blushed a bit. ‘Maybe it’s just the nerves,’ she said.

‘Yes, maybe it is.’ I said this not only to her, but to myself as well. I really didn’t want to need a pee right now.

~*~*~*~*~

Soon we were called because the ceremony was about to start. When I got up I felt a nudge in my bladder and I knew that I had to use the bathroom. Sam looked a bit worried as well. ‘Do you need to pee?’ I whispered, hoping she had heard me. ‘Yes,’ she whispered back at me, slightly giggling. ‘My God, I have to go too!’ I whispered back at her. We almost started laughing out loud, but luckily were able to contain ourselves. With slightly bend legs we both got through the ceremony.

I noticed Sam was pacing on the spot a bit, but if you didn’t know any better you would just think she was excited or nervous. The audience probably thought we were nervous. I was pacing around a bit as well after all. Luckily it wasn’t too bad and I was able to shove it off my mind until we said ‘yes’ to each other.

~*~*~*~*~

After the ceremony we immediately had to get into the car so we could go to the city hall. We could register that we were married now. As soon as I got into the car, I sat down on the back seat and crossed my legs. Sam kept her legs spread, but I knew she was having a hard time doing so. The nerves had made us both need to pee quite urgently.

When we arrived we got out of the car and Sam’s dad decided to stay behind and wait for us. Holding hands we walked inside and I had to resist the urge to grab myself. ‘Do you think they have a bathroom available here?’ I murmured, while keeping close to Sam. She slightly shrugged and fidgeted a bit. ‘I don’t know. Do you need it badly?’

‘Well, I am okay but I could do with using the loo now.’

‘Me too, but I can hold it.’

‘Me too,’ I said, even though I wasn’t so sure. Sam seemed rather confident about being able to contain herself though, so I decided not to say anything about it anymore.

While we waited in line I looked around to see if I could spot a bathroom somewhere. Sadly enough there weren’t any available. Soon it was our turn, so I shoved it off my mind again and started filling in all the required papers. When we were done I kissed Sam and after that we walked back to the car. Soon we would be home and then I could use the toilet.

~*~*~*~*~

I thought we were driving home until Sam’s dad announced our parents had arranged something for us and that we were going there now. Pressing my tights together I looked over at Sam with a worried look. Sam wasn’t looking too happy either. Her legs were crossed as well by now.

Suddenly she took my hand, trying to comfort me. At the same point I had to grab my crotch to prevent myself from leaking. Blushing I looked at Sam’s dad to make sure he couldn’t see anything. He was all focussed on the road, which made me grab myself even harder. I really had to relieve myself and I had no idea where we were going. Hopefully they at least had a bathroom available there.

~*~*~*~*~

‘Alright girls, here it is.’ I wanted to groan when I saw that we had a photo shoot coming up. It was in the middle of a huge park and I doubted that there would be a bathroom here. Looking over at Sam I noticed that she had to pee quite badly as well. I noticed it by the signs she was giving me. The moving around, the pleading look in her eyes and the occasional crotch grab told me she was having a hard time as well. I wondered how we would get through this photo shoot without soiling our suits.

Lucky as we were the photo shoot only took half an hour. Even though our bladders were about to burst we were still able to contain ourselves. All these times we played around a bit made our bladder fairly strong, which came to good use now. I had a hard time keeping my hands away from my pants though. Several times I had to try really hard not to grab myself. My groin was burning with need and I couldn’t wait until we got home.

~*~*~*~*~

In the car back home I came to the conclusion that when being busy with things, your need to pee passed unnoticed. But as soon as you were back to doing nothing, your need would hit you. By now I thought I would never make it home. During the photo shoot everything seemed just fine, but that was probably because we were taking poses all the time. Sitting still and doing nothing made me want to pee my trousers, but I couldn’t. I was in the car of Sam’s dad.

Sam grabbed my hand, just like she did on the way there. She had her legs pressed tightly together and she was chewing her lip constantly. I couldn’t help but get turned on a bit. She looked so incredibly handsome with that suit on. Her need to pee only made her look more handsome.

~*~*~*~*~

We were nearly home when I felt my muscles weaken. Suddenly a small spurt of urine seeped into my underwear and I grabbed my crotch immediately after that, to prevent any further leakage. Panicked I looked over at Sam. By just glancing at her, I knew she could tell what had happened. She stroked my knee as to say that it was okay and that I didn’t have to worry. I leaned my head against Sam shoulder and crossed my legs tightly, praying that I would make it.

Suddenly the car stopped and I knew we were home. Slowly I crawled out of the car, trying to prevent that I would pee again, but I couldn’t stop a second spurt on its way out. Quickly I thanked Sam’s dad and then hurried towards the door. Sam soon was behind me and pushed the door open as soon as I had it unlocked. Quickly we went inside, with me losing another spurt on the way. Horrified I grabbed my crotch and felt an extreme wet spot down there. ‘Sam, I am doing it in my pants,’ I whined, feeling another spurt fight its way out.

‘Hold it just a bit longer,’ Sam said, while dancing around like crazy. She took my free hand and dragged me towards the bathroom. When we were halfway there, I felt I lost it.

Urine started to stream heavily into my underwear and soon it started running down my legs. A huge puddle of urine formed underneath me. Looking over at Sam I knew she was finished as well. She was completely bend over at the waist and had both her hands in her crotch. Suddenly a second loud hissing sound was to be heard. ‘Fuck, Abby, I can’t hold it.’

~*~*~*~*~

After a few minutes we both were done peeing. Silence fell over us for a while, both not knowing what to say. Suddenly Sam started to laugh. Looking up at her I grinned as well. What had gotten into her? ‘Oh my, Abby, look at us!’ I stared at the puddle underneath us and then grinned. ‘Pretty wet huh!’

‘Never thought our wedding day would end like this, but…’ Sam then fell silent.

‘But what?’

‘It couldn’t have ended any better,’ she said, smiling brightly. I nodded and hugged her tight then, enjoying the feeling of our wet pants against each other.

‘I love you, Sam.’

‘I love you too, Abby, no matter what.’

*045*2012-05-05 08:17

Thanks a lot for the comments! I am really glad that you two liked it.

I am glad you think my writing has improved, Marin. Hopefully it will only improve more! I will definitely keep writing, but for now I am first going to think of a great plot for a new story before I am starting to write it out. :)

Anyway, thanks again!

*047*2012-05-11 10:00

Thank you KayLeigh! :)

*049*2012-05-13 07:58

I suppose you only read the title and felt the need to leave a comment about how you don't like gay people?

