Ano & Nena - The Shy Subtiles

Author: wraithingsoul

*000*2016-09-04 23:18

This will mostly likely be a 1 shot --

Both students third years

After graduating from their second year together at the all-girl's academy, ano and nena decided that they had feelings for each other. However, they decided not to act on them in this moment. Ano is a blond-haired forgetful "nerd" who is now in the third year with Nena, the sleepy and shy one of the two. Ano was the more shy one, around the two, though. She just didn't know how to express her needs.

When the mid-terms of their 3rd year came around, Ano was feeling very nervous as she had forgotten her study materials, like usual. Nena, being the more responsible one of the two, promised to lend Ano materials in a study session in one of the rentable-rooms in the other building. Their academy was built like a castle, and had 3 different buildings. In one of them, there was rooms in which you could rent out for summer camp and stay overnight and such. Nena lived in a small apartment alone which at the moment has been undergoing some maintenance. In the meantime, she rented out one of the school's summer camp rooms.

Ano was on her way to the building when she noticed a slight twinge in her bladder. Ano was used to this feeling by now, since she had a small bladder and always had to borrow things, but she tried not to mind it and sneak out to go. Ano was now over the wide gym track which consisted of melancholic green grass that sent you into the air when you jumped on it. It was so tempting for her to go here, but it was after school now, and the track team was just on the other side of the school.

So instead of going, she went up to the large black building and met Nena inside. "Hey. My room's on floor 2, I'll show you there." Nena joyfully and peacefully says as she grabs her friend's small and soft hand. "O-okay.." Ano shyly says as she is dragged along by the usually drowsy girl.

As Nena led Ano up to their room, Ano felt another twinge on her bladder and let out a little moan. "A-ah!!" Ano quietly says as she holds her crotch. "Hm?" Nena notices Ano and Ano quickly takes her hand off her crotch and blushes. Nena smirks as they walk into the room.

They studied for about 2 hours before Ano came out and said "Uh, Nena, Where's the bathroom around here?" Nena then responded with "You should know that, it's your 3rd year here! If you have to go so bad then just go." Nena says laying her pencil down to take a sip of tea. "W-what do you mean?" Ano says with her fingers now inside of her undies. "I mean, it's right around the corner. Just walk there. You'll be fine." Nena says with a micheavious look. "A-ahh! I can't!" Ano shrimped to the ground as she lost the ability to move without wetting herself. "Aye, aye, what am I gonna do with you?" Nena says letting out a yawn. She then picks up the skinny blond and starts walking down the hallway.

This was until, she felt a warmth trickling down her. "Hey, are you peeing on me?" Nena quickly says, but then realizes that Ano is completely asleep. "Aah.." With the feeling of Ano just letting it out all over her, she realized her own need, and decided to have some fun with it.

After Ano finished going, there was a large light yellow urine puddle on the floor. Nena wakes her up, and she nibbles on Nena's cute school outfit as she opens her eyes. "Mmhm. W-whhaaahhh?" Ano realizes as she feels the wet spot on her crotch and skirt. "Don't worry about that now, but I have to go and I'm about to just burst right here!" Nena says as she crosses her legs together in distress. "Aah!!" Ano didn't wanna make the puddle larger, Ano stripped down Nena's panties and let the warm, strong, pee stream sink onto her tongue. "Mwwaaah-g-good girl.." Nena says in pleasure as she pets the girl's long, straight hair.

"Aaghh.. What are we gonna do about this mess?" Ano sighs as she pulls up Nena's panties, for which most of the pee had been collected in her mouth, but there was still a big mess on the floor. "Well, my uniform's already dirty-so.." Nena strips so that she's just wearing her cute black and pink bra and undies, and then mopped the floor with her uniform. Ano was wet too, so she decided to do the same. She had on a light blue-striped bra and panties.

They then walked back into their room and put their clothes in a pile. Ano wanted to show Nena a movie for the broadcasting club, so she inserted a disc into her computer. They laid back on Nena's futon and cuddled as they did have feelings for each other. Afterwards, Ano asked if she could stay over, and Nena agreed. They talked about school and their relationship, and decided to be girlfriends. Besides, can't have something happening to the two of them like this when they're going in different directions.

###

Hope you guys enjoyed! I had some issues with describing some things since it's been a while since I've played this, and I haven't exactly studied up on all the environments. There isn't a route for Ano x nena in game, but I totally ship them! And this is omo, so a little pee play won't hurt anyone

