Shizzzik

Author: Wlast

*000*2024-04-02 07:56

Preface

This is a story about a romantic boy who is forced to live and go to school every day, hiding his fetish. He is convinced that no one around him will ever understand or accept him if he reveals his secret, so he has no choice but to keep his distance from everyone. And everything would have been fine if it wasn't for this insane infatuation with a classmate. The girl, of course, has become not only the object of his adoration but also of unrealized fantasies. Or are they not so unrealized after all?..

He was shaking. He squeezed his eyes shut so tightly that in the darkness of his closed eyelids, sunbeams and colorful garlands danced around. A groan was burning in his throat, trying to push through the clenched muscles of his neck and break through to the light through his slightly open mouth. His face contorted in a grimace of painful satisfaction, a mixture of suffering joy and exultant pain. In his fist, the still firm nerve of this insane and invincible temptation pulsed. Between his fingers, a slippery and viscous liquid could be felt, most of which had spread over the surface of the tile and slowly oozed downward, like a crushed but still living slug. Images of crazy fantasies still raced through his head, and in his heart, relief battled with disgust, unto death. And disgust clearly prevailed.

The boy felt sick, hurt, and offended. This always happened to him at the end of this ritual. But this time – for some reason, stronger than usual. Tears burned his still closed eyelids and streamed down his cheeks. He shook again, but this time from sobbing. He continued to grip his organ, which was already losing its hardness and sagging.

"Oh Lord! Why? Why did you make me like this?" - echoed in his head. It was strange to address the Creator immediately after what seemed like a sinful act.

"I don't want to think about this! I don't want to! I will never be able to tell anyone about this ever again! And I am unlikely to ever be lucky enough to see it... Who will comfort me, who will save me? After all, I can't think about anything else!"

Just recently, it seemed that he had a friend. He listened to his fantasies with arrogant calm and casually agreed not to tell anyone. But literally the next day, an entirely different guy approached him during break and casually asked:

- Do you really like it when girls pee?

And everything inside him collapsed. Betrayal. There it is. Since then, he has been alone, alone with his pain, and no one can share it with him. And she, sitting at the other end of the class, with her beautiful golden hair, elegantly tied up in a high ponytail, fragile and graceful figure, and a tender voice – makes him float in the clouds secretly giving her the most romantic and pure feelings, and burn in hell, giving up this purity to the lustful demons who know in which position and for which process this girl will look best. And even better – in what desperate situation her face will express that sweet and so desired despair that he longed to see at least once.

"How can I love her and at the same time wish her harm? I'm horrible, simply disgusting..."

Once he accidentally overheard her conversation with other girls. He was sitting on a bench in the corridor, literally around the corner from them. Thinking that no one was around, they were discussing guys.

- Masha, do you think Max is interested in you?

- Yeah, I see that too! - she chuckled in response. - But he's not my type, honestly.

- What about Gleb?

"They asked about me? Do I even count as a person in this strange place? I only had one friend, and he ran away from me..."

- Gleb? Oh... he's cute, actually, seriously! If he wasn't such a weirdo...

"Cute? She said I'm cute? Well, I'm a weirdo, so what's the difference..."

Since then, he even used the nickname shizzzik on some online resources. And every time he entered it in the login field, her beautiful celestial voice hummed that word in his head.

"Shizzzik... Shizzzik... Shizzzik..."

- Alright kids! - the voice of Svetlana Alexandrovna woke him up. It was stuffy in the bus, the toxic smell of burning diesel was seeping in, the engine's roar and rattling mixed with soft voices and music coming from other people's headphones created some kind of audio psychedelic. Amidst this madness, the homeroom teacher's voice sounded like Levitan's speech, a dirigible gliding over the groaning crowd.

- Kids! Can you all hear me? Although we've already made one stop, due to the urgent requests of the suffering ones (there was a slight playful laughter in her voice), we are making another, unplanned stop! So, classic genre, kiddos! Boys – to the left, girls – to the right! Just don't mix up, slackers!

Someone chuckled. Gleb decided it wouldn't be a bad idea to get off, even though he clearly didn't belong to the category of "suffering ones" and had peacefully slept through the entire return journey. Of course, he was sitting alone, and he didn't dare to subject his phone battery to the test of music. It was time to sleep.

As he stretched, Masha slipped past his row. She didn't bother putting on her jacket, and her light sweater, which she had put on on this not particularly warm, yet sunny, March day, so beautifully accentuated her perfectly proportioned chest. And her curls seemed to shine even in the shade. Gleb jumped up from his seat and positioned himself behind her. Something pulled and twitched just below his waist, and his heart, as if after a jolt, jumped into his throat and began to pound under his tongue along with the engine, continuing to emit diesel fumes. Masha jumped off the bus and quickly ran into the trees. Gleb walked to the left, as Svetlana Alexandrovna had instructed.

His erection had yet to overcome him, so he relieved himself without any problems. But as soon as he was about to put away his organ in his warm underwear and trousers, there was a crunch of twigs and the sound of rapidly approaching steps.

- Idiots! - Masha's voice rang out, and there was a hint of a tear in her final note.

She unexpectedly grew up in front of him. Her blue eyes shone like two topazes on her surprised and frightened face. One hand held up her jeans belt, while the other fingers held onto the snake tongue on the zipper. The pants were unbuttoned, their front part unfolded like a flower, revealing green panties to the eye.

For a fraction of a second, she looked into his eyes, and then immediately lowered her gaze to his still unput-away penis. Gleb frantically tried to hide it, but it was too late – she saw everything.

- And... I'm sorry, - she mumbled, turning her head to the side.

- It's nothing. It's not that bad, - he said nearly whispering, still in shock.

- Could you... could you... - her voice faltered, and her body trembled. - Oh God... idiots! What idiots they are!

She clenched her hips and squatted slightly, letting out a faint moan. Gleb still didn't move, still not buttoning his own zipper.

- Ivanov, leave, please! - she squeaked. Gleb took a step back and froze again. He was also shaking now. He couldn't believe what was about to happen next.

Without turning her face towards him, Masha pulled off her jeans along with her panties and quickly squatted. A stream between her feet, clad in cute pink sneakers, hit the ground and instantly splashed into a foamy puddle under her feet. The arc of removed panties, which covered the girl's private parts, peeked out from under the jeans, and Gleb saw the damp dark fabric with small shiny droplets that were falling off.

"Masha wet herself... It can't be! Masha... wet herself!"

A siren began to blare in Gleb's head. He was ready to faint or die right here, in front of the peeing and crying Masha. But he just stood there and in a frenzy stared at the unfortunate girl. A moment later, Gleb saw that the jeans near the backside had also darkened a bit from the unfortunate accident.

"This is bad! Now everyone will see!"

- Look away, please... - Masha pleaded. Gleb pulled himself together and obeyed. His heart was pounding as if he had stepped out naked in the cold.

- So, are you satisfied? - she said grimly behind him. - Everyone saw? Pervert.

- I didn't mean to, sorry... - he started, but she cut him off.

- If you didn't mean to, you would have left immediately and let me finish in peace. First those morons decided to peep, scared me when I had already started, and then you. Finished me off completely. You're all the same. Damn, what am I going to do now?

Gleb turned to her. She was examining her jeans, realizing that hiding the stain was impossible. With a determined gesture, he unzipped his windbreaker, took it off his shoulders and handed it to her. Masha looked up in surprise.

- Is this for me?

- For you. Take it.

- I called you names...

- It's okay. I would have called myself names in your place too.

She smiled faintly, but tears still filled her eyes. Their hands touched as she took the windbreaker from him, and inexplicably this suddenly calmed them both.

- Thank you. I'll give it back when we arrive.

- No problem.

- It'll be weird if I ride separately from you with your jacket.

Gleb raised an eyebrow. Masha shyly pressed her lips together, wiped away the remaining tears, tied the windbreaker around her waist, and timidly asked:

- Shall we sit together?

- Yes, of course.

They took two steps towards the bus, but suddenly Masha stopped and, as it seemed to him, looked at him with excitement in her eyes.

- You won't tell anyone, will you?

- Me? What do you think, no, of course not!

- Good. Let this be our secret. I won't tell anyone either, that I saw your... well... you know.

They both chuckled. And with that, this awkward story ended, but the long story of Gleb and Masha was just beginning.

