The Holding Challenge

Author: WhyAmIOnHere

*000*2024-02-28 01:23

Katie presses her face against the couch and sighs. It’s the holidays! The university’s on break! She should be doing things! But no, the sky had decided to dump a foot of snow on them, and the roads are closed. Unfair. She’s BORED. YARGH. “Katie?” a brown haired head poppes through the doorway. “you ok?” Katie sighs. “Yeah, Trevor, I’m ok. Just bored.” Trevor plops down on the couch next to her. “Well, My girlfriend can’t be BORED! We have to DO something. THIS IS TERRIB-'' Katie waps him with a pillow.

“Oh, shut up, you.” he grins. “What, I'm serious, I’m bored to- oh no, I know that look. You have an idea, don’t you?” Katie sits up. “Yes. so, since we’re both into omo, how about a-” Trevor cuts in. “a pee holding competition?” He sits up excitedly. Katie laughs. “Great minds think alike! You in?” Trevor makes a ‘duh’ face. “Heck yeah! Let’s use the wheel from last time.” Katie pulls her phone out of her pocket and opens the spinner app. “I’ll set this down, you go use the bathroom. We both have to so it’ll be even.” Trevor walks toward the bathroom. Katie watches him go, admiring the way his back curves, his shoulders, his perfect hair. All of which becomes even hotter when he’s desperate. She can’t wait to start.

“Ok, here’s your water,” Katie says, handing him a bottle and taking one for herself. “Let's get started- actually, take another one. Let’s make this really difficult.” Trevor grabs another and chugs them both down. Katie finishes hers more slowly, then they head into the living room. “Ok, now we wait 30 minutes, then we can watch a horror movie.” They head to the living room.

30 Minutes later

Katie is starting to feel the effects of the water, but not that strongly. She can make it a few more hours. Trevor is in the same boat. “Ok, time to start the horror movie! A long one… oh! The Exorcist!” Trevor grimaces. “What?” Katie teases “too scary?” She presses play on the remote. Trevor replies, “no… ok, yes. But it’ll make the challenge more interesting, so I’ll be ok.”

A good way into the movie, Trevor and Katie are both a little more desperate. Katie is curled up next to her boyfriend, one leg under her crotch to relieve some pressure. Trevor would like to be doing that too, but he wants to prove that he’s tough after admitting to being scared of the movie. Suddenly, there is a jumpscare. Katie yelps and huddles closer to her boyfriend. The scare makes Trevor leak into his underwear, but he tenses his muscles and quickly gets it under control.

“Let’s drink some more,” Katie says with a grin. Trevor makes a face. “What, losing control already?” She hands him a bottle. “No…” Trevor replies, and chugs the water to prove his point.

Later

The credits are rolling, and the couple are both squirming. Katie gets up to grab her phone, but she trips and lands hard on the arm of the couch, right on her bladder. She squeaks and a spurt leaks into her underwear. Trevor, sitting with his legs crossed on the couch, laughs a little, knowing she leaked. “Oh yeah?” Katie crosses over to the couch with her phone in her hand. “Well, then it’s only fair that I do-- this!” She pushes down hard on his bladder. Trevor makes an “aah” noise and feels several small spurts escape. His underwear is soaked. Katie giggles as he regains control. 

“Ok, now we’re even,” he says. “You can go first, though.” Katie grabs the wheel and hits the spin button. Both are watching it eagerly, Katie hoping it won’t be too bad, Trevor wishing that it would because he’s not sure how much longer he can hold on. It lands on ‘have someone push your bladder 10 times.’ Katie groans and turns to face Trevor. He gets up carefully, making sure not to leak, and pushes hard on her bladder.

“One.” Katie clenches her bladder muscles. He pushes again. “Two.” She clenches even harder as a wave of desperation hits her and a few spurts escape, there is now a small wet spot on her denim shorts. Eight pushes later, she doubles over and holds her crotch tightly, crossing her legs. “You ok?” Trevor asks. “Yeah, yeah, I’m fine,” Katie replies through clenched teeth. “Your turn.” Trevor spins the wheel. After an agonizing 10 seconds, it lands on ‘drink another water.’ “aaaargh,” Trevor groans as he gets another bottle from the kitchen. He drinks this one much slower than the first, but manages to finish it.

A few seconds later he also doubles over, grabbing his crotch tightly as the water kicks in. “y-your turn.” Katie spins the wheel as Trevor straightens up, although still holding his crotch tightly. It lands on ‘do 5 push-ups.’ Katie reluctantly gets down on the ground, and does her first push up. She almost lets a spurt out but manages to keep under control. On the second one, a small leak dampens her underwear, but the spot on her shorts doesn’t get any bigger. Katie tightens her muscles and prepares for the third one. However, she involuntarily lets out a second long spurt, and has to stop to hold her crotch. Trevor makes an attempt at sabotage.

“How about you give up, Katie, just let it all out… imagine how good that would feel..” Katie blushes. “T-that’s cheating! I can do 10 push-ups! Just watch.” And sure enough, she does. On the last one, though, she gasps as she leaks, a long spurt soaking her underwear and a little on her shorts. She manages to get up, but holds tightly to her crotch and crosses her legs. “Ok, I’m under control. You go.” Trevor spins. It lands on ‘have someone push your bladder 10 times.’ “Urrg. Ok, let’s go. I’m ready,” He says, straightening up, clenching his legs together, and holding his crotch. Katie giggles and starts pushing.

On the fourth or fifth push, Trevor lets out two long squirts. He clenches his muscles and grits his teeth, but they escape anyway. Katie can now see a little wet spot on his jeans and feels a little turned on. “Too much for you?” She asks. “N-no! Keep going. I’m under control.” She pushes again and sees him grab his crotch tighter, but no leaks this time. None that she can see, anyway. On the tenth push Trevor bends over and crosses his legs, another long spurt squeezing through the barrier of his hands. The wet spot has gotten bigger. He clenches harder and gets himself under control. Katie looks at him, holding herself as well. “I don’t think either of us can do another round. Time for the final challenge!”

Trevor and Katie are facing each other on the rug, bladders bulging, legs spread apart, arms by their sides. They both have towels underneath them. Trevor is trembling, trying to hold it all in. Katie looks a little better but ready to let go herself. Suddenly, Katie sees Trevor yelp and squeeze his legs together a little. A big spurt escapes him and the wet patch on his pants gets bigger. Seeing him makes Katie lose control herself. A huge wet spot appears on her shorts, and some pee runs down her legs. She doesn’t think she’ll make it.

But suddenly she sees Trevor gasp. He crosses his legs and holds his crotch, but to no avail. Pee starts squeezing out, then it turns into a heavy stream. He tries everything to stop it, but his bladder muscles can’t take it anymore. It runs down his jeans, spurts out between his fingers, and forms a puddle on the floor. He can’t help but sigh with relief. Katie is mesmerized, watching him, but suddenly is aware of the warm wetness pooling at her feet. She lets it go, loving the sound it makes as it streams out. When they are both finished peeing, Katie goes over to Trevor. “Impressive effort, but I think I won.” She notices him staring at her. “What?” Trevor blushes “Nothing, You just look really hot.” She blushes too and grins, running her hand over his wet pants. “Let’s finish this in the bedroom……”

The End! Hope you like it, it’s my first omo fic. I take requests, and I might do a choose your own some day. Thanks for reading!

(also, tell me if there's anything weird that I should fix or something)

*001*2024-02-28 22:49

I take requests guys! If you have a story that you want me to do, comment below and I'll get back to you when it's done!

