June's wet adventures

Author: wendywetpants

*000*2022-12-21 14:27

Disclaimer/intro:

This will likely be a multi-part story, because I wrote several chapters about June.

It will mostly be deliberate wetting and very little desperation and accidental wetting (though there is some).*

There is also very little humiliation/shame and absolutely no public shame/humiliation/discovery, so if that's your thing, you won't find it here.

I have based June's experiences loosely on myself; I have certainly done most of the things June does in this story, albeit perhaps not in the same settings. (And I never had a Johnny, so... perhaps myself in an alternate universe where I am bolder and braver and more extroverted?)

Anyway... Onto the story!

###

Chapter 1:

A peculiar interest

June had a secret. It embarrassed her, and she had told NO ONE. She wasn’t one to share much about herself anyway, and this was something she had no intention of ever telling anyone about, ever. EVER! If anyone found out — she was sure she would die of embarrassment. Not literally, of course, but June would rather not ever have to discover how embarrassed she would be if anyone found out her secret.

She had carried this secret with her since she was little. How little, she could not remember, so probably forever. When she was little, it was just something that interested her. If she saw it or read about it, her heart raced so fast. It made her all tingly. It was all she could think about, how it would feel. She imagined herself in the situation. She once stumbled on to a book where it was described in detail, and she borrowed that book from the library probably twenty times. She read the part that made her heart race over and over again.

It never happened to her, but sometimes she pretended. Sometimes she did it on purpose, when she was alone. Just a little bit. She felt so ashamed afterwards! But it felt sooo good! She told no one.

When June became a teenager, she became even more ashamed of what she sometimes did when she was all alone in the house. She was getting entirely too old for this childish nonsense! If anyone knew, they would never talk to her ever again! She vowed to never do it again. Until the next time. There was always a next time. Except now, when she indulged in her shameful secret, it made her body tingle in entirely new ways. It felt so good!

One afternoon, when she had once again been unable to resist, knowing she had the house to herself for several hours, she touched herself in that special spot that tingled so much. She rubbed her finger in little circles, and it was the best feeling June had ever felt in her life. Everything was all wet and slippery, and June rubbed faster and faster, hoping to make the feeling last. All of a sudden, she felt this wave of pleasure wash over her, and her entire body spasmed. Her entire private area just sort of pulsed, and she was breathing heavily, while her whole body felt electric.

June had had sex ed at school, and they had learned about orgasms. She was pretty sure that’s what it was. But nobody had said anything about getting orgasms from … that. That… was not normally on the list of things people found sexy. Was she weird? Was she a freak? June was pretty sure she was some sort of freak and that no one would ever want to have anything to do with her. She resolved never to do …that… again.

Her resolve never lasted long. Pretty soon, it was all she could think about again. She never did anything, though. Not really. Not actually. Well, sometimes. Not as often as she would have liked. But fantasies can be pretty powerful, too, and June had a pretty active imagination.

The year was 1998. June turned 22. She was in university and had moved out to live on her own. Most of her friends had roommates, so she was pretty happy about having found a place where she could afford to live all by herself. She also got internet at home. It was almost the new millennium, after all, a personal internet connection was becoming increasingly common, and her parents paid for it for her, because they felt she needed it for school.

One evening, June furtively typed a shameful phrase into Alta Vista on her computer. She had heard from some of her guy friends that you could find anything on the internet. There was even free porn! Sure nothing would come of it, and blushing crimson even though she was all by herself, June typed “pee pants on purpose” into the search bar, almost afraid to look. To her utter astonishment, she got results! There were lots of results! Clicking around at random, she explored some of them. She tried some alternative search words, in case it was all some coincidence. Almost by accident, she stumbled onto a site called Patches’ Place. There was another one called Wet Set. There were photos. Videos! And stories! And a message board! Eyes wide, June clicked. And watched. And read. And watched some more.

Much, much later, June closed her browser window. She could not believe what she had just seen. There were others like her? It had a name? People DID that?

Still reeling from her discovery, June realized that she had been sitting at her desk for a very long time. She really needed to pee. Her need had been subconsciously niggling at her for a long time, but the discovery she had made on the internet had demanded all her focus. June realized she had been squirming in her seat for a while, and with everything she had found, she was also incredibly turned on. She was so wet that her underwear felt sodden, and her sex almost throbbed. June really needed to go find a toilet, but somehow, she was unable to make herself stand up and walk to the bathroom.

Could she? June’s heart was racing. She hadn’t actually… it had been years… she didn’t do that anymore… she had stopped… she never… she was really too old, this was childish… she really shouldn’t… this was so disgusting… or was it? How could something disgusting feel soooo good…?

She really had to pee! She could feel the pee almost about to come out — her strained muscles were all that was keeping it inside. Breathless, June relaxed her muscles juuuust a little, and she could feel the pee creeping closer to the opening. Oh, no, this was dangerous territory! She had to pee so bad! Why did she play such dangerous games? What if…? Fuck! It was so tempting!

“Just go to the bathroom!” she told herself. “Just get up and go pee like a normal person! You’re an adult now. Act like one!”

June did not get up. Instead, she remained in her seat at her desk, fidgeting from her need to pee. The screen on her new purple iMac, which had rocked her entire world just moments prior, was now blank. She hardly breathed. It felt like her heart was about to beat out of her chest, it was racing so fast. She grabbed the armrests on her chair so hard that her knuckles whitened. By allowing the pee to get so close to the opening that only her very outer muscles kept it at bay, the need to pee was now so urgent that June felt like she was going to explode.

Suddenly, a wave of intense urgency washed over her. June drew a sharp breath and whimpered softly, clamping down every muscle she had to stem the deluge her bladder threatened to unleash. It worked, but not until after a powerful gush of hot, wet pee had shot out of her and into her pants. Fuck! June gasped. It almost burned, it felt so hot, and June could feel the wetness seeping into her underwear and the seat of her pants. She had instinctively put her hand down to add pressure to help her hold when the wave had hit, and she could feel the wetness on her fingers through her pants.

Oh, no! What had she done?! She had peed in her underwear! Oh, God! Her cheeks burned as she felt the wetness at her crotch and on her seat. She wanted to touch it. Explore. Without allowing herself to think too much about it, June moved her hand inside her wet underwear. She hissed. Her clit was so swollen and sensitive! And she was so wet! Her entire sex was slick with her own juices, so different from the wetness added by the pee. She gently stroked herself and could not help a low moan. It felt so good! The unrelenting pressure from her bladder made her even more sensitive, and June had never been more turned on in her life.

What if…? No! But it would probably… No! Or…? Could she?

Ooh, she had to pee so badly!

Fuck! Everything felt so damn good!

As she continued to stroke her clit in slow, lazy circles, while keeping the pee just inside the opening, June hissed as she felt a spasm go through her entire midsection and a strong gush of pee suddenly flowed out under her fingers. She was peeing! Oh, God, she was really doing this again! It was happening! She was wetting herself! Fuck, it was so good!

The wetness trickling out across her fingers immediately soaked into her underwear and started to pool on the seat under her butt. That was all June had time to observe before she was hit with a strong wave of pleasure, and her orgasm swept her away.

It felt as if her entire being was being sucked in on itself and into a single point of pleasure under her fingers. Her eyes rolled back into her head, her entire body tensed, and all she could feel was the intense pleasure as her muscles contracted and released in a steady rhythm, and the warm flood against her fingers, pulsing in time with it. It was pure ecstasy.

Only when it was over did June fully realize what she had done. As her orgasm faded, she gradually became consciously aware of the warm trickle against her fingers, which slowed and then stopped completely.

Fuck! She had completely wet herself as she came! It had felt so good to release her pee into her orgasm that she had just kept going, not thinking about the mess. Blushing, despite being all alone, she pulled her hand out of her pants. It was soaking wet, and her fingertip was all pruny. The seat of her pants was soaked, and there was a giant puddle on the floor. Thank God her chair was not padded! There was a puddle on the seat, too, she noticed, when she stood up.

The wet pants, cold against her skin now, clung to her legs as she waddled into the bathroom. She was almost too ashamed of herself to look in the mirror. Still blushing, she took her wet clothes off and threw them in the washing machine. Naked from the waist down, she got a towel and mopped up all the pee on and around her chair. Then she got an actual mop and cleaned everything thoroughly with soap and water before hopping in the shower to clean herself off.

***

Chapter 2:

A miscalculation

Weeks later, June was still feeling conflicted about what she had done. She had not done that in years! She didn’t DO that anymore. She was an adult now! She felt like a freak, and wondered why she was not utterly disgusted with herself. She had peed all over herself and her chair like some degenerate … and had the best orgasm of her life to date. Why was she like this? She was never doing that again. She was never going to get a boyfriend if she acted like a perverted freak. What if someone found out and told everyone?

In the evenings, alone in her flat, however, June could not keep herself away from the internet sites she had found. She read every message board. Every story. And slowly but surely, something happened. Inside, June became less ashamed. She became more accepting of herself. So she liked what she liked. She had *always* liked what she liked. There was no denying it. Why? That wasn’t important. It was what it was. She was an adult who sometimes … OK, quite often, actually … got turned on by the idea of peeing in her pants.

As for telling someone? No. Nope! Nu-uh! NEVER! That part had not changed. June would still die of embarrassment if anyone found out. She was still a virgin, for fuck’s sake! At twenty-two, that was already a little weird, and if people found out that she… had… that she… liked… that she WET… Hell no! She was still sure OTHER people would find her disgusting if they knew. Nobody could know!

Instead, June had taken to putting off going to the bathroom when she had to pee. Not if she thought there was a chance she wouldn’t be able to make it to a toilet in time, or if she wasn’t sure if she would be able to hide the signs that she needed to pee, but every now and then, she let herself get uncomfortably desperate to pee. A few months had passed since … what happened, and June had not let herself do … that … since. She had wanted to. God, she had wanted to! Every time she touched herself, that was what she thought of. All she wanted was to feel that mind-numbing, all-encompassing ecstasy again, but she had held back. What if she became dependent on it? What if she wouldn’t be able to get aroused without it? She did not want to be the *that* person. A freak. She already felt different enough.

So she just put off going to the bathroom. She held her pee, feeling the urgent pressure build in her bladder until it was aching and begging for relief. It also made her tingly, albeit in a slightly different way. The anticipation of relief, thinking about the potential of wetting herself when her bladder was full meant her underwear was often wet. Never from pee, but wet all the same. And this was all in her head. (Well, and in her underwear.) Nobody could see that. Nobody would be able to find out her secret if it was all in her head, and there was no evidence.

And people had to pee! Everybody. It was normal! And sometimes people were delayed from going to the bathroom for whatever reason, causing them to become rather desperate. That wasn’t freaky, it happened.

June knew she was rationalizing, but she didn’t want to admit it to herself. She had been sitting in the library all afternoon after class, supposedly working on a paper, but for the past hour, she hadn’t been able to focus on anything but her need to pee. When she caught herself squirming in her seat, she decided it was time to go. Someone might see her squirm, realize why she was squirming, and then wonder why she didn’t just get up to go to the bathroom.

She got up carefully. Fuck, the pressure was intense as she moved to stand up! She had to pee more than she thought! A wave of urgency washed over her, and June hissed under her breath. She actually had to do a little curtsy to stop herself leaking! Oh, no! This was bad. This was really, really bad! Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck!

She picked up her bag and quickly scurried out of the library. Walking helped a little, but she had to take itty bitty steps with her thighs pressed together, and, still, it felt like pee was about to come out. Panicking slightly, she looked around and found she was alone in the corridor outside the library. Quickly, she jammed a hand between her legs to put pressure on her opening and crossed her legs, bending almost double in a deep curtsy. Finally, the wave subsided. She was back in control, for now. June sighed. Fuck, that was close! How had she not realized how badly she needed to pee? She never waited THIS long!

She made a beeline for the bathrooms, but to her absolute horror, they were closed for cleaning. Fuck! Almost dancing on the spot, but trying to be as discrete as possible, June considered her options. There were bathrooms in the history department two floors above her, but she did not think stairs were an option for her in this state, and the elevator was too far away in the other direction. There were some other bathrooms on this floor, but they were in the complete opposite direction from where she was going, and given how close to campus she lived, she could be halfway home by the time she got there. June was sure there were other bathrooms, too, some potentially quite close to her, but she wasn’t very familiar with this side of the campus, and she did not want to risk a fruitless, panicked search when she was this desperate. She had to find a bathroom NOW!

Deciding (hoping!) that going home would be her best option, June prayed she could hold it and started walking as quickly as she dared, while still maintaining in control of her achingly full bladder. Oh, God, she had to pee! Why had she waited this long? She normally never let her holding get this out of hand, and she was feeling a rising panic that she might not be able to hold it. What if she couldn’t? Fuck! She could NOT let that happen! She had to hold it! She was in public! Someone could see her! She could absolutely not wet her pants in public! June breathed heavily. Oh, God! Her traitorous brain started conjuring up images of what would happen if she couldn’t hold it anymore, reminding her of how good it would feel to relax and how deliciously naughty it had felt to feel the warm wetness from her pee soak into the material of her pants…

No!

Fuck!

June’s hand flew to her crotch, and she crossed her legs, stopping dead in the middle of the sidewalk. It had almost come out! She had almost leaked! June could feel her entire face turn a bright crimson, and she furtively looked around once she had regained control and was able to remove her hand from between her legs. There were no people close to her, and she didn’t think anyone had taken any notice of her. Thank God! June hurried along, quietly grateful that she had opted to live further from downtown but much closer to campus than her friends. It was more inconvenient on evenings and weekends, but rent was less expensive this far out, and she could afford her tiny studio flat without a roommate. And today it meant that her toilet was closer. If she could only reach it!

As she almost sprinted into the driveway, she saw that her landlady’s car was gone. She was out. “Thank fuck!” June thought to herself. June’s studio flat in the back half of the basement had its own entrance, but she was completely unable to hide the fact that she was very close to wetting herself now, and she would have been mortified if her landlady had seen her hold herself between the legs from her upstairs windows. Dancing in place, with one hand firmly between her legs, June dug around in her bag for her key. Where was it?!

“Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck,” June whispered under her breath. With her bathroom and relief so close, her already dire need to pee seemed to be increasing exponentially. There! Her key! As she fumbled to get her key in the lock, she felt her control slipping.

“No, no, no, no, no,” June whispered to herself. A tiny trickle found its way out into her panties. The wetness felt blazing hot against her skin.

No! She was peeing! It was coming out!

June gasped. With her hand still firmly pressed between her legs, she finally managed to get the door open and stumbled in. The trickle turned into a steady stream as she ran inside and threw her bag on the floor. Fuck! It was like a seal had ruptured and the dam had broken. She was powerless to stop the flood. She had the sense to quickly kick off her shoes, but then, like a deer in headlights, June just froze. She was peeing her pants! She had been unable to hold it anymore and pee had just come out! That had NEVER happened to her before! Not since she was four! For a good few seconds, she just stood frozen, peeing into her pants.

After a little while, she could have stopped if she had tried, but her pants were soaked anyway and there was a giant puddle on the floor already. With burning cheeks, June just stood there, arms at her side, and continued to empty her entire bladder into her pants and onto the floor. Once the desperate, painful pressure and panic had subsided, euphoric relief set in, and June was able to actually take in and enjoy the sensation. Warm, wet pee cascaded down the insides of her legs, with wetness branching outward under her butt and at the tops of her thighs in the front, before adding to the already huge puddle she was standing in. Her wet pants were clinging to her legs in weird places and the feeling of wet fabric against her skin was very arousing to her. The relief, combined with the sensation of warm wetness soaking into the fabric of her pants, felt sooooo good!

Looking down at her puddle and wet pants, June felt embarrassed and aroused at the same time. She had had an accident! She had secretly always wanted to have an accident, but now she wasn’t sure how she felt about it. The relief had felt amazing, but she had not been prepared for the panic and pain that preceded it.

She had held too long and almost wet herself in public! Her heart was still racing from the panic she had felt outside, when she could feel her control slipping. What if she hadn’t been just outside her own door? What if she had been on campus still, trying to find a toilet, with people around, and she had started leaking into her pants? Someone could have SEEN her!!! In all of her fantasies over the years, that was an aspect she had never really considered. Someone could have SEEN HER! If someone had seen her WET herself, she’d absolutely die of embarrassment. She was a grown-ass woman now! An adult! Adults didn’t wet themselves!

June pulled off her dripping socks, but kept her pants on as she found a mop to clean up her mess. Her pants had long since gone cold, and they clung awkwardly to her legs, wet as they were. It was not really a pleasant feeling, but the sensation was impossible to ignore, and her brain kept shouting at her: “You peed your pants! You wet yourself! You WET yourself!” And June found it oddly arousing to move, feeling the wet pantlegs constrict her legs.

Before stripping off her wet clothes and jumping in the shower, she could not help but stick her hand down the front of her pants. Sinking to her knees in pleasure, she gently stroked her swollen clit. And, seeing as her pants could not possibly get any wetter at this point, she gave herself permission to give in to the urge she had been fighting for weeks — months even. When her orgasm approached, she relaxed completely, letting whatever pee her bladder had accumulated since her accident trickle across her fingers and into her already sodden pants as she came.

***

Chapter 3, where we meet Johnny:

A new direction

June cut back on holding. Her near-public accident had spooked her, and she was too scared to risk that kind of exposure again. In the months that followed after her accident, she rarely held it, and hardly ever in public. Too risky.

Then, by January, something had happened that made June swear off any “freaky” activities all together. She fell in love.

Johnny was so cool, and so handsome. A mutual friend had introduced them, and June could not believe someone like him could be interested in her. They had so many interests in common, and they stayed up for hours, talking about anything and everything under the sun. June wanted to know everything there ever was to know about Johnny, and, amazingly, he seemed to want to know everything about her. But June never mentioned … that. NEVER that! Internally, June pretended she hadn’t ever even heard about that.

She was no longer a virgin, though, a fact she was very pleased with. And sex was amazing! To think she had been worried about not being able to get aroused without that thing she had never even heard about! Turned out all she needed was someone sexy touching her in all the right places!

Yeah, the new, rosy glow on her existence lasted all of four months. When spring rolled around, she found herself day-dreaming about … that … again. She was still very much in love with Johnny, and he with her, as far as she knew. That wasn’t it. It was just that some part of her was missing from her life now. She missed … that. She could no longer pretend to herself that … that … was something she had never even heard of. She missed it. She needed it. She didn’t think she could ever not have it in her life. She couldn’t imagine living out the rest of her life without … that. June eventually got real with herself; she couldn’t cut that part out of her life forever. It would never go away. Fuck!

June cried herself to sleep that night. And the night after. Johnny would leave her for sure. He might be the love of her life, but if she did … that … he would find out, he would be disgusted, and then he would leave. He might also tell all of their friends how disgusting she was, and they would all be disgusted with her and laugh behind her back. Hell, they’d probably laugh in her face. She got so down on herself on day three that Johnny noticed something was up and asked her what was wrong. She broke down in hysterical crying and hid her face against his chest. He stroked her back and her hair and told her everything would be ok, whatever it was. There was no way it would be, but how could she explain? She couldn’t. There was no way.

***

They were in Johnny’s car. They had already seen a movie, and now they were making out in the back seat. June was wearing her new dark blue jeans, and she was sitting astride Johnny on his lap, facing him. He was touching her in all the right places, and she was so turned on! But she also had to pee really bad, and sitting with her legs this far apart was making it hard to hold her pee in. But she would do it. She could hold it. She could hold it for Johnny. Her need to pee turned her on even more, and when Johnny suddenly started to touch her there, it was almost too much to bear. Ooooh, she wanted to relax and let her pee soak into her pants! Suddenly, she could think of nothing sexier than doing that on Johnny’s lap. Johnny would like that, right? Who wouldn’t like that? It was so warm and wet and naughty! And she had to pee sooo bad! It would feel so good to relax and get relief!

Kissing Johnny deeply, June relaxed her muscles. She could feel her pants getting soaked, Johnny’s lap getting soaked, her pee just flooded out of her, but she was not feeling any relief. Strange. She kept going, but still no relief. Huh. Suddenly, she saw Johnny pull his hand away from her crotch and his face twist in surprise and disgust. “The fuck?! You’re PISSING on me?!?!”

***

June bolted awake and sat straight up in bed, heart racing. Quickly, she put a hand down to feel her underwear. Dry. Thank fuck! Panting, she sank back against her pillow, all clammy with sweat.

A dream. It had been a dream. Thank God. She’d dreamt about peeing a few times in the past, too, but she had never wet the bed. With Johnny sleeping beside her, June thanked every deity she could think of that that was still the case. Still, it took some time before she was able to fall asleep again.

The following day, she and Johnny were having a lazy morning in bed. Neither of them had any obligations that day, and neither felt particularly like getting up. They had been talking, but June eventually fell quiet. This was it, her best opportunity. She was going to have to tell him. It felt safer to do that in bed, somehow. She didn’t have to look at him, see his face. It seemed easier.

“Sweetheart?” Johnny said. “You OK?”

“Yes and no,” said June. Her heart felt like it was about to beat its way out of her chest. “Listen, I need to tell you something. It’s personal and embarrassing, something I’ve never told anyone else EVER, and please don’t laugh. I don’t think I can bear it if you make fun of me.”

She was close to crying.

“What is it, babe?” Johnny said. “You can tell me anything!”

“Will you promise me you’ll keep an open mind?” June said, her voice shaking.

“Of course! I promise.” Johnny said. “Whatever it is. I love you.”

“It’s to do with sex,” said June, blushing crimson and hiding her face against Johnny’s chest.

“Nothing to do with you or anyone else!” she added quickly, as she lifted her face briefly and saw the confusion and worry on Johnny’s face.

“It’s about me. I, uh….”

Her courage failed her. How could she tell him?! How could she tell him about this embarrassing, freaky side to her that he had no reason to suspect she had?

“Juney, babe!” Johnny said. “What is it? Is it about something you want me to do?”

“No!” she quickly said. “No! You’re great! It’s… I mean, I… I…”

Words failed her again, and she once more hid her face against his chest.

“Take your time,” he said. “Whatever it is, I’m sure it’s not as bad as you think.”

“But it is!” she said, close to tears again now, the words coming out muffled against his chest.

“I… There… I… I… like something. It… turns me on. I like… to…”

His slow and steady breathing moved her burning face up and down where it rested on his chest. Not daring to look up at him, and with her heart racing like a rabbit’s inside her chest, she continued in a whisper: “I like… to wet myself… pee my pants, I mean… like… on purpose.”

He said nothing. The cat was out of the bag. She had told him her deepest, darkest secret, a secret she had told no one else in her entire life. Still hiding her face against his chest, she decided to lay it all bare for him. She loved him, and her heart now lay firmly in his hand. He could crush it into a million pieces, or he could make it soar.

“Sometimes… I do it while I touch myself, and it makes me come harder,” she added.

Still, he said nothing, though June thought she could feel his heart beating faster inside his chest. Slowly, gently, he put his finger under her chin and lifted her face from his chest, making her look up at him.

There was no disgust on his face. Just curiosity.

“Thank you for telling me,” he said. “I would never laugh at you for telling me what you like. I will admit, it was not what I expected. I thought you were going to tell me you wanted a threesome, or that you had been faking your orgasms or something. I was terrified! I love you, Juney. This is… I haven’t… Will you tell me more about it?”

So June did. Johnny listened. He did not laugh at her. He said he wanted to know more.

June asked if there was something he liked that he hadn’t told her about, and Johnny sheepishly shared that he really liked a finger in his butt when he was about to come. He told her he had never told anyone that before, because he didn't think straight men were supposed to want anything going into their butt. He hadn’t told her, because he had been afraid she would laugh at him or think he was secretly gay and hiding it from her or something. They continued talking until they were starving before they got out of bed. June didn’t think it was possible to love Johnny more than she already did, but here she was. She had told him. She had told him her deepest, darkest, embarrassing secret and he hadn’t laughed at her.

***

Around a week later, Johnny shot her a look, one eyebrow cocked, when they were having dinner. He had a devilish grin on his face, and his eyes were full of mischief.

“You want to do something tonight?” he asked.

“Do what?” June asked.

“I was thinking. Would you be willing to skip going to the bathroom before the movie and just hold it until after? For me? I’ll get you a large soda.” Johnny’s eyes sparkled.

They were going to see the Matrix after dinner.

June could not believe what she was hearing. They had not talked about her secret (or his, for that matter) since that lazy morning in bed. Secretly, she had wanted to suggest something, but she didn’t know how to bring it up. Now Johnny was making suggestions? She could feel herself getting a little turned on just from the thought.

“Ok.” Her eyes sparkled too.

By the time they arrived at the movie theater, June kind of already needed to pee a little. Her stomach was full of butterflies, but she resolutely walked right past the bathrooms and they found their seats inside. Johnny had, as promised, bought her a large soda.

They had bought seats near the exit, because June had nervously explained to him before they got there that if she started to panic, they needed to leave immediately. She did NOT want to risk an accident in public.

“How are you doing?” Johnny whispered in her ear when the lights dimmed.

“I already have to pee,” June whispered back, before she took a nervous sip of her soda. She had never had anyone else be aware of her need to pee before. It felt strange, but also a little arousing.

“I hope I can hold it!” She was already getting turned on.

June quickly got absorbed in the movie — it was amazing! — and kept sipping at her soda. Soon, however, her soda was empty and she started to find it difficult to concentrate on what was happening on the screen. Her bladder was filling up at an alarming rate, and she was getting increasingly uncomfortable. She tried to squirm in her seat as discretely as possible, but Johnny could not have been focusing on the movie at all, because he immediately leaned in to whisper in her ear.

“Are you ok? Do you have to pee?”

“Yeah, I have to go really bad!” June whispered back, pressing her thighs together as tightly as she could. “I’m ok, though. I can hold it. I think.”

“There’s about 45 minutes left of the movie,” Johnny whispered a few minutes later when June squirmed in her seat again. “Can you make it?”

June was no longer sure she could. Her large soda was filling up her bladder much faster than she had anticipated. She already had her thighs pressed together, and she really wanted to put her hand down to hold herself! Nobody was sitting near them, and this whole thing had been Johnny’s idea, so… June put her hand down between her legs and put pressure on her opening. That felt good. Desperate to pee though she was, June got more aroused. She thought she heard Johnny draw a sharp breath next to her, but couldn’t be sure.

“I don’t know,” she whispered, truthfully. “I have to go soooo bad! I’m not sure how long I’ll be able to hold it. Maybe. I’m ok for now.”

Five minutes later, however, she knew she would not be able to last until the end of the movie. And having to walk out at the same time as all the other people? Forget it. She might lose control right in front of everyone. Everyone would see. Everyone would KNOW.

“We need to leave,” she whispered to Johnny. “I have to pee so badly, I can’t make it until the end of the movie. I might wet myself!”

Just saying the words out loud was immensely arousing. She had never said it out loud before. She had been aroused since before they got here, but her arousal was increasing almost as quickly as her need to pee. She still had her hand between her legs.

“Ok, let’s go,” Johnny whispered back. “Just so you know, I’ve been watching you squirm and hold yourself, and it’s sexy as hell.”

He got up and held his hand out for her to take. Getting up put pressure on her bladder, and she hissed as she had to take a little curtsy to remain in control. Fuck, she had to pee!

Once out in the empty hallway outside the theater, Johnny leaned in and spoke softly in her ear.

“Do you want to go straight to the bathroom now, or do you think you can make it home when it’s just the two of us in the car? Either way, I’m fucking you as soon as we get home, because watching you squirm around like that, knowing it turns you on, is so damn sexy, I can’t stand it.”

It was the sexiest thing June had ever heard.

“I don’t know. I really am desperate. I think I can hold it,” June said, hesitantly. “But what if I can’t? What if it starts coming out and I can’t stop? What if I pee all over your car seat?”

“The seats have slip covers,” Johnny said, grinning. “They can be washed. Don’t worry about it.”

His eyes glittered. June blushed.

“Ok, then. I think I can hold it,” she whispered, heart hammering.

The drive to her studio wasn’t long, but June thought she was going to explode. The pain and pressure were becoming unbearable, every bump in the road sending a painful stab up into her bladder. As much as she wanted to enjoy this entirely new situation, her arousal was waning.

“Oh, God, oh, God, oh, God,” she whispered under her breath. She crossed her legs and shoved a hand down to put pressure on her opening. “It’s almost coming out! I don’t know how long I can hold it!” She had been this desperate only once in her life, and, knowing how that had ended, she was starting to panic.

“Hang on, babe!” Johnny said to her. “We’re almost there. Hang on.”

June hissed as a strong wave of urgency washed over her. Despite clenching with every muscle in her body, she could feel a little trickle of pee slip past her defenses and soak into her pants.

“Oh, no! No, no, no!” she squeaked, panicking now.

“It’s coming out! I’m peeing! I can’t hold it!”

“We’re here!” Johnny almost shouted, as his car skidded to a stop outside June’s house. He ran around to June’s side and tore open the door.

“Are you ok, baby? Can I do anything? Can I help?”

June scrunched up her face in concentration as she fought to gain control of her bladder again. Her entire body shook with the effort, but she finally managed. Though not before a substantial leak had forced its way out. Her entire crotch was wet against her hand, which she still had firmly pressed against her opening. The seat of her pants had an unmistakable wet spot, as did the car seat, June noticed, as she got out.

“Some pee came out,” she said to Johnny, her voice still a little panicked. “I couldn’t stop it! It got all over your car seat, I’m so sorry!”

“Don’t worry about it, it’s fine,” Johnny said. “Are you ok?”

June was not ok. She still had to pee. A LOT! The little gush had done almost nothing to take the edge off, and she was still fighting with every muscle she had to keep the flood at bay.

“I still have to pee so badly!” June whimpered. “I don’t think I can hold it!”

She danced on the spot, holding herself with both hands now. Her control was slipping, she could feel it.

“Let’s get you inside,” Johnny said, and took her by the elbow, gently leading her toward her front door, while June danced around, curtsied and still held herself with both hands.

She was so close! She just needed to get inside! Inside was safe, nobody could see her inside! She just had to hold it a little longer! Johnny already had her key out and ready, opening the door for her when June felt her bladder spasm and pee started to trickle out into her pants, completely beyond her control. She just froze on the spot and whimpered.

“It’s coming out! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! I’m peeing! I can’t hold it!”

Despite clenching as hard as she could, pee was still trickling out under her hand. The steady trickle soon became a flood, and June hissed as she lost the battle. Hot, wet pee gushed into her pants. She pulled her hand away. It was no use anymore. She had lost control. The pee flowed out in a T-shape at the top of her thighs and also spread outward under her butt cheeks in the back. Her torrent of pee raced down the insides and backs of her thighs and splashed noisily on the front steps to her flat.

“I can’t stop! Fuck! I can’t stop! It’s just coming out!” June whispered, not daring to look up at Johnny.

Johnny just watched her, eyes wide, as June just stood there, absolutely flooding her pants right in front of him.

After about fifteen seconds, June was able to pinch off the stream. Standing in a puddle of her own making, she blushed as she looked up at Johnny. No longer panicking and feeling quite relieved, she felt a rush of arousal again at what she had done. She had wet herself in front of Johnny! He had been the one to suggest holding it, knowing what might happen, but June’s heart raced as she met Johnny’s eyes. What if it hadn’t been what he expected? What if he wasn’t ok with it after all? What if he was disgusted?

“Well, I almost made it,” she said.

Johnny said nothing. He just pulled her towards him and kissed her deeply.

“I love you,” he said to her. “That was unlike anything I’ve ever seen before. You were so vulnerable with me just now. It was extremely hot. Are you ok?”

She nodded and kissed him back, still blushing a little, but her heart started to slow down. At least he didn’t seem disgusted. It felt very awkward to be held in a tight embrace, being kissed when she had just lost control and flooded her pants right in front of the man she loved. It was the second time in her adult life she had lost control and wet herself without being able to stop it. She should be embarrassed, but…

“Are you… turned on…?” he whispered.

Blushing even more, she nodded sheepishly.

“So fucking hot,” he whispered, almost to himself, as he pulled her inside and shut the door behind them.

Kissing her deeply, Johnny removed her jacket and shrugged out of his own. June kicked off her sneakers. They had gotten drenched when she lost control, so she would have to wash them, she reminded herself. Later. She’d wash them later.

Johnny pulled her into the bathroom and took off her shirt and bra, cupping her breasts in his hands as he kissed her. She made to start taking her wet pants off, but he stopped her.

“Wait,” he said, and spun her around, so that her back was against him and they were facing the full-length mirror. He pulled her in close to him and kissed her on the neck.

“Johnny!” she said, “I’m soaked! Your clothes will get wet!”

“Don’t worry about it,” he said and pulled her even closer. “I want to try something.” He kissed her neck again and slid his hand down into her wet pants. June gasped. He found her clit and stroked it gently.

“Oooh,” he said, grinning as he kissed her neck again, and his fingers explored her. His eyes glittered as they met June’s in the mirror. “This is a different kind of wetness, now, isn’t it?”

June moaned and could not help but to thrust her hips against his hand.

Fuck! Was this really happening? June reached a hand up behind Johnny’s neck and arched into his touch. This was something she could not have even imagined in her wildest dreams.

Johnny kissed her neck and pinched her right nipple with his left hand. His right hand was still inside her pants, where he kept stroking her clit.

June forgot all about trying not to get Johnny’s clothes wet and leaned back into him. She could feel his erection against her backside. Her wet pantlegs clung to her as she widened her stance to give Johnny’s hand better access, the odd constriction of her wet pantlegs reminding her of what she had just done. Fuck, this felt so good! Nothing had ever felt this good!

“Tell me something, sexy,” Johnny said softly into her ear, his voice a deep, husky rumble. “Did you lose it all back there, or do you still have to pee?”

June’s arousal soared and she moaned again, leaning into Johnny.

“I managed to stop myself and hold it,” she said, blushing again, as she could not help but thrust her hips into Johnny’s touch with a little whimper. “I still have to pee.”

“Well, then…” She could feel Johnny’s grin as he kissed her neck again.

“I remember you saying something about coming harder when you pee. Will you come hard for me, sweetheart?”

Oh, fuck, was this really happening? June had never wanted anything more in her life. She was so turned on, she could barely stand it, and now she had … permission?

She met his eyes in the mirror.

“It’s just fluids, sweetheart,” he said, and shrugged, his eyes almost black with lust as he looked at her. “I want you to let yourself go and come hard on my hand.”

June just nodded.

She closed her eyes and leaned back against him again, as Johnny continued his lazy circles over her clit. Her bladder was still relatively full. She could have held it, but Johnny had asked her not to. He had asked her not to!!

She relaxed her muscles and let her pee creep lower, toward her opening, and as always, when she did that, the sense of urgency shot up. She hissed. Did she dare?

Without thinking too much about it, she let a little bit of pee slip past, before she immediately clamped down on her muscles again. There was a strong gush, warming her already wet pants, and she could not help but moan softly. Johnny drew a sharp breath, but did not stop his slow and gentle massage of her clit.

“That’s it, sweetheart,” he said. “Come for me, sexy. Just let it go.”

June could feel her orgasm approaching like a runaway freight train. She was so turned on, her entire sex throbbed and ached. She had wet herself in front of Johnny and he hadn’t run. He hadn’t laughed. He had accepted her. She felt safe with him. She loved him. He loved her. He had his HAND inside her wet pants and he… Fuck, that felt good! Johnny’s fingers moved a little more insistently, more demanding. She moaned again. Her bladder ached for relief, and she stopped fighting it.

She let go of her control and relaxed, gushing into her pants. It was so warm and wet! Johnny drew another sharp breath as soon as the flood of pee hit his fingers, but he did not stop. He held her tightly against him, and she could still feel the hard pressure of his erection against her butt through their pants.

“Fuck!” June said, moaning. “Fuck, that feels good! Oh, God. Fuck! Yes! I’m coming!”

She could feel her entire body begin to spasm. Her eyes rolled back and her entire being was sucked in, reduced to that single spot of ecstasy under his touch. The world was nothing but that all-encompassing pleasure and the warm, wet river flowing out of her.

Eyes closed, she breathed heavily and kept going as she returned to her body, emptying her bladder completely. Awash in hormones from her orgasm, June luxuriated in her euphoria and relief, a stupid grin on her face.

Johnny had stopped moving his fingers when she came, but he did not remove his hand, even as the last drops of June’s long-held pee trickled over his fingers. He still held her tight, his other arm firmly around her waist.

When it was over, they simply stood there, in their embrace, for a little while.

June opened her eyes and met Johnny’s in the mirror.

“Oops?” she said, grinning sheepishly.

He grinned back at her and kissed her neck again.

“That…” he said. “Was HOT! You gave yourself entirely over to me just now, and I have never seen anything sexier in my entire life.”

“I made a mess, though… and I peed all over your hand…” June said, starting to feel a little embarrassed now that it was all over, looking at her dripping wet pants and the giant puddle on the floor.

“I don’t care, it’s just pee,” Johnny said. “It’s mostly water anyway, and we can clean it up.”

“Listen to me,” he said and lifted her chin up with the hand that she hadn’t just peed all over, making her meet his eyes. “That was you. All of you. And I got to be here, to have you, to be the one to give that to you. Please don’t be embarrassed. I love you.”

And then he kissed her.

***

*004*2022-12-26 14:21

Thanks, guys! I have a couple more chapters lined up. Will post those as soon as I can, but I have like zero time to myself this holiday season. Maybe in a day or two!

