She Will Need A Shower Before Bed

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2018-03-09 00:48

She will need a shower before bed.

Calculating how long that would take, and how late it already was, she considers just heading straight for the bathroom. An irresistible twinging between her legs dissuades her. She badly needs to pee, has done for nearly an hour. Still, this wouldn't take long, and she needs it.

She steps out onto her verandah and gasps at the sudden humidity. Her pores open instantly and a thin sheen of moisture covers her by the time she sets the sweating jug of ice water down on the wickerware table. It's nearly eleven, how could it still be so hot? Another flash of lightning off in the distance, over the sugarcane fields down in the valley, is followed by a grumble of juddering thunder that tinkle the ice cubes against the sides of her jug.

Down she sits on the worn boards of the verandah itself, crossed legged, her thin cotton sarong rides almost the entire way up her thighs. She doesn't bother trying to lower it, there won't be anyone awake within miles and miles. The rain falls in enormous droplets that bounce off the overgrown palms and braccia and splash into wide puddles amid the dense black soil of her garden. This she could hear more than see. Smell more than hear. She could smell the petrichor, the decay, the pollen, mango, banana, and raw sugar.

There is only a single uncovered light-globe on the verandah, above the screen door, cobwebby and age-dimmed, and it is unable to pierce the darkness of the tropical night. A curtain of runoff sheets straight down from long clogged gutters and envelops the verandah into a tiny world of it's own. Just for her, an in-between world. Her sleeping family inside the air-conditioned bungalow, dry and comfortable. The primeval vastness outside, wild and sodden.

She drinks directly from the jug, heavily, greedily. trickles wash over the side and run down her chin, wetting her chest. She is thirsty, somehow needing to pee always makes her thirsty. She puts the jug back on the table three fifths full, doesn't want to drink so much that she would be up and down to the bathroom all night long. She closes her eyes and leans backward against the aging weatherboards. Relaxes. The rain becomes white noise, contrapointed by the croaking of a hundred species of frog, strumming cicadas, nightjars, and the booming of the endless storm. Her bladder swells within her, blood fluxes between her legs. Swelling her lips, her clit.

Her fingers creep down toward her hem, under. Trace little sigils, runes, atavistic and primal, instinctive and raw, leading up the flesh of her thighs toward her sex. She is in rhythm now. Her bladder pulsing in with the outside world. Her vulva throbbing along with the toads, crescendoing with the thunder. Her fingers find the cotton of her underwear and she is nearly unmade, even through fabric. She is wet.

She drags herself to her feet and knots her fingers amoungst her hair. Tree roots though humus. The first ammonial dribblets start tracking down her thighs and she shivers with delight. Her muscles flutter helplessly, all efforts to keep them taut whelmed by a battering wash that wave them gently aside. Climax seized her bodily; the kind that roll her eyes backward and spasm her throat as a tide of hormones paralyze her consciousness and leave her panting and standing in a warm puddle, moist and sticky from the hips down.

She will need a shower before bed.

*011*2018-03-13 00:17

{{On 3/9/2018 at 12:09 PM, Melificentfan said:

That was great

}}

{{On 3/9/2018 at 1:06 PM, phoenix80803 said:

Very well written.

}}

{{On 3/9/2018 at 8:53 PM, Ondinist said:

A first class piece of writing - thank you

}}

{{On 3/10/2018 at 4:52 PM, hurts said:

First Class originality!

}}

{{On 3/12/2018 at 8:07 AM, Roach said:

I never imagined a wetting story could sound so poetic, but you certainly accomplished it!

That was amazing!

}}

Thanks everyone! I really appreciate the feedback!

{{On 3/9/2018 at 8:55 PM, Macson said:

I really enjoyed your use of words. The words you chose highlighted the class of this work. My only critique would be that there were a couple moments when clauses were combined into sentences which didn’t quite work. Great piece, though. I really liked it.

}}

At least one of them isn't really a word, but it sounded good and the meaning was clear enough. :P I was wondering is anyone would point that out. Complex sentences can be tricky to craft unambiguously, particularly when complexity is in part the point. Apologies if those bits were tricky to parse.

{{On 3/9/2018 at 11:37 PM, 126 said:

Incredible! Please consider expading this story, it could be interesting. Thank you for sharing.

}}

I didn't intend to but since you ask I'll certainly think about it.

{{On 3/11/2018 at 4:01 AM, AliasnameTO said:

Gorgeous-- painting with words in a way reminiscent of classic literature. It did get quite purple, but it's forgivable since you clearly know what you're doing. Your writing is consistently a cut above. Consider me inspired.

}}

Thanks! Sorry about not giving it a sex tag. Total mind blank.

{{On 3/12/2018 at 7:03 AM, Manowar said:

It is not typical wetting story. Domething completely different comparing to the one with Camille snd her boyfriend. I will nit say it is good, very well written, amazing and so on, because every before me have already done this. Of course I like it.

And - as usuall - looking forward to seeing another story.

}}

Thank you. :) I like to keep doing different things.

{{19 hours ago, Weasel said:

Stunning visuals, and a great set-up. Lots could be done with hot summer nights. Lots could be done with late nights in general: I love that idea that she can do what she wants because nobody around her is awake.

}}

I've actually wanted to do a scene with one of those North Queensland nights for a couple of years but could never quite get it to come together satisfyingly. Isolation is a bit of a trope of the setting so making it the central idea seemed natural. If I do manage to expand on this I imagine I'll keep the isolation theme.

*013*2018-03-13 00:42

{{Just now, AliasnameTO said:

My comment had nothing to do with the sex tag. I was talking about this:

%https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Purple_prose

There were parts that were too lavishly "decorated" for the story's own good. Sometimes you can call a spade a spade. I don't mean to say it wasn't good though. :)

}}

Oh! Fair enough then. :)

I actually usually write quite plainly. This was a bit of an expedition into "purple prose" for it's own sake. So yes, I fully agree with that description!

