Head Over Heels - A Snape Love Story

Author: WolfieO

*000*2025-01-21 21:02

(Still waiting for my posts with the story in it to be approved.)

This story has been on my mind for a long time. I used a bit of help to write it, because I suck at getting my thought's out. I can't take full credit. But it was very fun putting it together and I will take credit for the storyline. I do not own any characters that belong to JKR.

This is a Snape romance story with omorashi tones. His love interest is the one who does the wetting, not Snape. No descriptive porn scenes, but there are love making scenes that are tasteful (I think).

Omorashi isn't much of a porn link for me as much as it is a comforting and reassuring thing.

The theme of control comes up a lot in this & it's pretty long.

This is more of a romance/feel good story, so if that's what you're looking for I hope you like it. If not, sorry I suck 😅

*001*2025-01-21 21:09

### Chapter One: Returning to Hogwarts

The golden light of sunset bathed the imposing silhouette of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in an almost ethereal glow. Olivia Black stood at the castle’s gates, her heart pounding with a mix of anticipation and nerves. The stone walls loomed above her, just as they had when she was a child, but now they seemed more monumental, more suffocating in their grandeur. She had forgotten how heavy the air could feel around the castle, thick with history, secrets, and the distant echoes of spells long cast.

Her hands were clammy as she reached up to push back the wild curls of her hair—red, frizzy, and rebellious as ever. It tumbled out from beneath her cloak, like a fiery cascade she’d never quite learned to tame. There were freckles scattered across her pale face, which had always seemed to burn a bit too easily under the sun. Her blue eyes, now more serious than the wide-eyed child she had once been, scanned the gates of her old school, feeling both foreign and familiar at once.

Olivia had been a Slytherin, the house that prized cunning and ambition above all. She had fit in well enough, earning her place among the sharp-tongued, often misunderstood students who had always been one step ahead of their classmates. Back then, she had always worked hard to remain unnoticed—her awkwardness, her insecurities, her secret—none of it ever visible to the prying eyes of Hogwarts students. The secret was a heavy burden she carried silently; she learned how to conceal it with practiced grace. A bladder problem that no one knew about. It had plagued her since childhood, though it wasn’t something she could easily share. Managing it had been a constant struggle, and even now, as an adult, it was something she always had to keep in check.

But that was the past. Today, Olivia was no longer a teenager desperate to fit in. She was an adult, a capable, well-educated woman ready to take on the challenge she had never dreamed she would: a paid internship at Hogwarts, working directly with the man who had both terrified and fascinated her throughout her school years—Professor Severus Snape.

As she walked up the familiar cobblestone path to the school’s entrance, she couldn’t suppress a feeling of awe. It wasn’t just the grandeur of the school that left her breathless—it was the realization that she was stepping back into the world she had once been a part of. She had been away for so long, pursuing a career in the wizarding world, and now the opportunity to return to Hogwarts felt like both a privilege and a responsibility.

The heavy oak doors swung open before her, revealing a house-elf, slightly bent at the waist, who greeted her with a clipped, formal bow. “Ms. Black, Professor Snape is expecting you.”

“Thank you,” Olivia said, her voice steady despite the small flutter in her chest.

The house-elf led her through the winding hallways, which still smelled faintly of old books and potions, a scent that instantly reminded her of her days as a student. Students meandered through the halls, heads down and chattering in hushed tones, their eyes casting curious glances in her direction. She wasn’t sure if they recognized her, but she quickly dismissed the thought. It hardly mattered. The past was the past.

When they finally arrived at the entrance to Professor Snape’s office, the house-elf gave a soft, respectful nod and then left her to her own devices. Olivia stood for a moment, hesitating as she reached for the door handle. There was something about stepping into his office that felt like stepping into the lion’s den.

She took a deep breath and pushed the door open.

Professor Severus Snape stood behind his desk, his dark eyes narrowing slightly as he appraised her, as if sizing her up. His black robes swirled around him like a shadow, his posture as rigid and commanding as ever. His presence was immediately overwhelming, and Olivia instinctively felt her shoulders tense under his scrutiny.

“Ms. Black,” Snape said in his low, deliberate voice, his words carrying a tone of disapproval that she couldn’t quite place. His gaze lingered on her for a moment too long—his dark eyes sweeping over her features, from the wild red hair to the slight dusting of freckles across her nose, to her pale skin and blue eyes. She could tell that he was assessing her appearance, as he had done to so many students before. There was something calculating in the way he observed her, as though he didn’t entirely believe she was capable of handling what he expected of her.

“Professor Snape,” Olivia said, offering a small, polite nod. She straightened her back, trying to quell the growing anxiety in her chest. “It’s a pleasure to be here.”

Snape’s eyes narrowed, and he glanced at the small satchel she carried by her side, which held her ingredients and supplies. “Is it?” he said, his voice dripping with a barely concealed disdain. “I’m sure you’re eager to begin. The internship, I trust, was something you requested, yes?”

Olivia nodded, a bit thrown by the harshness in his tone, but she refused to let it show. “Yes, Professor. I’m eager to learn from you and assist in any way I can.”

There was a long, heavy pause as Snape continued to observe her, his expression unreadable. Finally, he spoke again, his words carrying a sharp edge. “You are aware of the expectations? The work here will not be light, Ms. Black. You will be expected to contribute in ways that go beyond simple menial tasks.”

Olivia met his gaze. “I understand, Professor. I’m ready for whatever you require.”

Snape’s lip curled slightly in what could almost be interpreted as a sneer. “Very well. I suppose that’s to be determined.” He gestured toward the workbench in the corner of the room. “You may begin by assisting with the lesson plans for next week. I will provide you with the necessary materials. After that, we’ll see what use I can make of you.”

Olivia nodded again and moved to the bench, feeling the heat of Snape’s gaze following her every movement. She could sense his disapproval, though it was tempered with the cold, calculating professionalism she’d always known from him. It wasn’t the welcoming environment she had hoped for, but it was better than nothing. And she had a job to do, whether Snape respected her or not.

As she moved through the task of organizing the materials on the workbench, she felt a familiar anxiety creep up from her stomach to her chest. Her bladder—a problem she’d managed for years—was beginning to remind her of its presence. She stiffened, taking a quick, shallow breath. This wasn’t the time or place to worry about it, but the constant pressure she felt was difficult to ignore. She told herself it was just nerves, just the anxiety of being back here after so many years.

The hours passed quickly as Olivia worked. Snape remained in the background, a silent figure who only occasionally issued terse instructions or corrections. His aloofness and general lack of enthusiasm made it clear that he had little respect for her presence here—if anything, he seemed irritated by it. But Olivia pushed through, doing everything she could to prove she was capable, to show him that she was more than the uncertain girl he might have remembered.

As the evening wore on, Olivia felt the weight of her discomfort growing. Her bladder problem was becoming more difficult to ignore, but she didn’t want to draw attention to herself. She excused herself quietly, hoping Snape wouldn’t notice. He didn’t, of course—he was too absorbed in his own work to care.

She stepped out into the corridor, breathing a small sigh of relief. The familiar tension in her chest had eased for the moment, but she knew this was just the beginning. Working at Hogwarts again, under Snape’s watchful eye, was going to be far more challenging than she had anticipated.

Still, she couldn’t deny the thrill that ran through her as she looked back at the towering walls of the castle. She was here. And she would make the most of it—no matter how difficult, no matter how much Snape might resist. Hogwarts was her home. And she was determined to carve her place in it.

###

### Chapter Two: Preparing for the Students

The moon hung high in the sky, casting long, silver beams of light through the tall windows of Professor Snape’s office. Olivia sat at the workbench, still reviewing the lesson plans for the upcoming week. The quiet of the room was punctuated only by the soft scratch of her quill as she took notes, the occasional flicker of a candle’s flame, and the soft sound of Snape’s breathing as he busied himself with organizing his ingredients for the potion-making demonstrations.

She had hoped that after the first day, working with Snape would get easier. But she could feel the weight of his disapproval still hovering in the air. He was a difficult man, and every move she made felt scrutinized, tested. But she knew better than to let it faze her. She was here to prove herself, and she would do just that.

Tomorrow would be the first real day of preparations for the arrival of students—those curious, eager minds who would soon fill the classrooms. She couldn’t help but feel a small thrill of anticipation at the thought. She had never taught before, but she had always been fascinated by the process of learning. And now, she had the chance to be a part of that—if only in a small, behind-the-scenes way.

But as the excitement began to build inside her, she felt a familiar unease twist in her stomach. It wasn’t just the weight of her responsibilities that caused the discomfort—it was the ongoing, unrelenting pressure of her bladder issue, which she had learned to manage in various ways over the years. As a child, she had been humiliated by her condition, her secret so closely guarded that even her closest friends never knew the truth. She had never wanted to be seen as weak or abnormal. But now, as an adult, she had found a solution that gave her some semblance of privacy and dignity.

Pull-ups. She wore them under her robes, thin, discreet, and utterly necessary for managing her condition. It wasn’t something she discussed with anyone, of course—not even Snape, who had already shown little respect for her presence here. She knew he wouldn’t understand. To him, she was just another intern—someone he didn’t have time to regard with the care or empathy a person like her might need. But she had long since accepted the necessity of it. The pull-ups gave her control over something that had once seemed uncontrollable.

They were a tool—nothing more, nothing less. A tool she used to maintain her privacy, her dignity, and most of all, her confidence.

Olivia paused for a moment, adjusting her posture as she felt the telltale pressure starting to build. She reached into the small bag she’d brought with her—a bag that contained more than just the lesson plans and ingredients. It held extra supplies, backup plans for moments like this. The last thing she wanted was to be caught unprepared, especially in front of Snape. It wasn’t the kind of thing she wanted to draw attention to, and she had managed to avoid it so far.

The pull-ups were something she had learned to incorporate into her routine—quietly, discreetly. She didn’t let them define her, and she didn’t allow herself to feel embarrassed by them anymore.

With a deep, steadying breath, she grabbed the necessary item from her bag and headed to the small washroom down the hall. She could hear the muffled sound of Snape’s voice coming from the other side of the office door as she made her way back to the room, but she paid it no mind. He wasn’t concerned with her personal matters. As far as he was concerned, she was just another intern he had been forced to accept.

When she returned to the office, she found Snape’s expression as unreadable as ever. He was standing by a large cauldron, stirring the contents slowly with a silver spoon. The smell of the potion he was preparing was faintly pungent, but Olivia didn’t mind. It was familiar, and it brought her back to her years in his classroom—those same cauldrons, those same smells, those same moments when her heart raced with the fear of failure.

“Ms. Black,” Snape’s voice cut through the silence, his eyes flicking to her. “Have you completed the notes for the lesson plan?”

“Yes, Professor,” she replied, moving to stand beside him at the workbench. She kept her posture straight, her hands clasped in front of her as she tried to push down the lingering tension in her chest.

Snape didn’t acknowledge her words, but his sharp gaze lingered on her for a moment longer than usual. His expression remained as cold as ever, but Olivia could tell that something in him had shifted since the first day. Maybe it was the fact that she hadn’t backed down in the face of his aloofness, or maybe he was simply used to her presence by now. Either way, she could feel the slightest shift in the air.

“We will need to prepare for the students tomorrow,” Snape said, his voice low and commanding, as always. “You will assist in organizing the ingredients and ensuring everything is in place. There’s no time for mistakes.”

Olivia nodded. “Of course, Professor. I’ll make sure everything is ready.”

“You may also help in overseeing the preparations in the classrooms,” Snape added, turning away from the cauldron and moving to another workbench across the room. “The students will arrive in two days, and I expect everything to be in order. Do not make the mistake of thinking this will be an easy task.”

“I won’t,” Olivia said, her voice steady. She felt a small surge of determination. Despite his lack of enthusiasm, this was her chance to prove herself. To show him—and to show herself—that she belonged here, that she could be more than just the girl who had once sat in the back of his classroom, hoping not to be noticed.

Snape didn’t respond, though his eyes lingered on her for a moment before he turned back to his potion. Olivia felt a flicker of unease once again, but she pushed it away. She had a job to do, and she would not allow herself to be distracted by something as trivial as her own discomfort.

The next few hours passed in a blur of preparation. Olivia worked quickly, moving between the desks and cauldrons, making sure the supplies were ready for the arrival of the students. She could hear Snape muttering to himself as he prepared the potions, his movements precise and methodical, as they always were. His sharp, almost imperceptible glances toward her didn’t escape her notice, but she kept her focus on the task at hand.

Eventually, Snape seemed to grow more at ease with her presence. His cold demeanor never quite disappeared, but he stopped giving her the same sharp glances he had in the beginning. She could almost sense a begrudging respect forming between them, even if it was unspoken.

As the night wore on, the pressure in Olivia’s bladder grew again, but she didn’t allow herself to become distracted. She had learned to manage it, to push through.

In the end, she finished organizing the ingredients for the first set of lessons, and as she glanced at the clock, she realized that it was late. The students would be arriving soon, and it would be her job—no, her responsibility—to make sure everything was in order.

She knew that the next few days would bring more challenges, more moments of doubt and discomfort. But she also knew that, despite everything—despite Snape’s attitude, despite her own hidden struggles—she was ready for it.

She wasn’t the same girl she had been when she walked through those gates as a student. She was stronger, more confident, and, most importantly, she knew exactly what it meant to fight for her place in a world that didn’t always make room for her.

And no matter what, she was going to succeed.

*002*2025-01-21 21:16

Chapter Three: The Welcoming Feast

The Great Hall was alive with energy, the long tables crowded with students from each house, their voices echoing off the enchanted ceiling, which shimmered with the stars of the night sky. The Sorting Hat ceremony had just concluded, and new first-years sat nervously, eagerly awaiting their new lives at Hogwarts. The atmosphere was thick with anticipation, the old magic of the castle settling around everyone like an ancient spell.

Olivia Black sat at the far end of the Slytherin table, tucked between some of the other professors and staff, her eyes scanning the sea of students. They were so young, so eager, and she couldn’t help but feel a small tug of nostalgia. The first-years reminded her of herself when she had sat nervously on the same benches, hoping to make her mark in a school that seemed both vast and intimidating.

Her focus, however, wasn’t solely on the students. She could feel the weight of the tension in the air—the tension that seemed to radiate off Severus Snape, who was seated at the staff table, his dark eyes never straying far from his duties. She had learned quickly that Snape’s disapproval wasn’t something to take personally—it was just the way he was. He treated everyone with the same coldness, which Olivia had quickly realized could be both a blessing and a curse.

"Olivia Black, is it?" came a deep, jovial voice that interrupted her thoughts. She looked up to see none other than Hagrid, the half-giant Keeper of Keys and Grounds, his big, bushy beard and wild hair unmistakable in the crowd.

"That’s me," Olivia said, smiling as she stood from her seat. “Good to see you, Hagrid.”

“Good to see ye too! Been a long time, eh?” Hagrid’s voice boomed as he enveloped her in a bear hug before she could say anything else.

The squeeze took her by surprise, and for a split second, the pressure on her bladder flared. Olivia stiffened, her breath catching as she felt the all-too-familiar twinge of discomfort. But then she remembered. The pull-up she was wearing, so discreet and lightweight, held firm. The pressure didn’t overwhelm her, and she managed to steady herself before anything could go awry.

“Thanks, Hagrid,” she said, her tone light but still with a hint of discomfort, as she forced a smile. She took a step back and, with a pointed glance toward the staff table, added, “You’re still as strong as ever, I see.”

Hagrid chuckled, his booming laugh making a few nearby students look over in curiosity. “Aye, well, I’ve been keepin’ up with the animals! And how’s life treatin’ ye, then?”

“I’m doing well,” Olivia said, keeping her voice calm, though she felt the tension of the moment as her bladder continued to remind her of its presence. “It's been quite a while since I’ve been here, but it’s good to be back, even if the castle hasn’t changed a bit.”

“Aye, that’s Hogwarts for ye.” Hagrid gave her another pat on the back, and she fought not to wince. “We’ve missed ye around here. Got quite a few new faces this year. I reckon we’ll see some good folk, eh?”

“Let’s hope so,” Olivia replied, trying to shift her focus away from the discomfort growing in her lower abdomen. “How’s the magical creatures class this year?”

“Busy! Got a whole bunch of first-years interested in creatures this year, and we’ve got a few new breeds to show ‘em. Should be a good term. You’ll have to pop by the forest sometime—could always use someone with your knowledge around.”

Olivia grinned, her usual sassy confidence starting to return. “I’d be happy to. But no promises—I don’t think I’ll be the first one volunteering to go into the Forbidden Forest.”

“Ha! I can’t blame ye there. But you know, a bit of danger now and then never hurt anyone,” Hagrid said with a wink, his thick eyebrows wiggling.

“Except for the students you’ve sent there, no doubt,” Olivia quipped, leaning in a little, her voice tinged with playful sarcasm.

Hagrid chuckled loudly, causing several heads to turn. “Fair point, fair point. But ye know what they say—learning’s better when yer heart’s poundin’!”

Before Olivia could respond, a soft, authoritative voice interrupted them. “Hagrid, I do hope you're not encouraging Ms. Black to engage in reckless behavior,” said Professor Minerva McGonagall, the Transfiguration Professor, with a raised eyebrow. “Some of us still have standards.”

Olivia turned with a grin. “I can handle myself, Professor McGonagall. Just don't make me get into any duels with you.”

McGonagall’s lips twitched upward ever so slightly, her stern demeanor softening in Olivia’s presence. “I have no doubt of that. But remember, the students are watching you, Ms. Black. We must set an example.”

Olivia laughed softly, a bit of sass in her tone. “I think they’ve seen enough examples of me already. Besides, it’s not like I’m going to start waving my wand and casting curses. You know me better than that.”

“Indeed,” McGonagall replied, though her sharp gaze softened. “I’m glad to see you’ve come back with a sense of humor.”

“I didn’t leave it behind,” Olivia said with a wink. “Just one of the perks of being a grown-up.”

McGonagall’s eyes twinkled briefly. “Let’s hope your maturity lasts through the year.” She turned her gaze to Hagrid, who was still grinning broadly. “Hagrid, we must all return to our duties. The feast is not over, and the students have yet to enjoy their dessert.”

Hagrid nodded, reluctantly letting go of Olivia. “Aye, Professor. Always a pleasure to see ye, Olivia.”

“Same here,” she said, her smile genuine. “Take care, Hagrid.”

As the two of them made their way back to their seats, Olivia’s eyes flicked to Snape. He hadn’t moved much since the Sorting, his posture stiff and formal, his expression still locked in a scowl. He was focused on his plate of food, seemingly uninterested in the ongoing conversations, but Olivia could feel his eyes flicker in her direction from time to time, as if he was aware of every little movement she made.

She took a deep breath, pushing back any lingering discomfort, both physical and mental. She could tell Snape still hadn’t warmed up to her, which didn’t bother her as much as it might have in her younger years. She was used to the coldness by now—used to the way he dismissed her without so much as a glance of approval. But she was determined to show him that she was capable, that she was more than just a distraction, more than just an intern.

Olivia glanced back at the Slytherin table, where students were chatting excitedly, oblivious to the undercurrents of tension that swirled above them. She could feel her own confidence building as the minutes ticked by. Despite the pressures, despite her secret that she kept hidden beneath her robes, she was ready. She wasn’t the same uncertain girl she had been when she first arrived here all those years ago. She was stronger now. And no one, not even Snape, could take that from her.

Just then, Snape’s voice cut through the hum of the Great Hall, sharp and cutting. “Ms. Black, I trust you’re not too distracted by the students to remember your duties?”

Olivia’s eyes flicked to him, and she gave a small, almost teasing smile. “Don’t worry, Professor. I’m still very much in control.”

Snape’s lip curled ever so slightly, his expression unamused. “We shall see, Ms. Black. We shall see.”

Olivia simply raised an eyebrow in return and leaned back in her seat.

Let him watch. She was ready for whatever came next.

###

### Chapter Four: The First Lesson

The first day of teaching had arrived, and the castle was buzzing with energy. The corridors were filled with students heading to their classes, the excited chatter of first-years mixing with the more self-assured tones of upper-year students. For Olivia, it was a rush she hadn’t felt since her own time as a student, albeit now she was on the other side of the desk.

The classroom was just as she remembered it: dimly lit, shelves lined with dusty books and bottles of peculiar ingredients, cauldrons gleaming in rows across the benches. There was a faint scent of herbs and the distant hum of magic that always seemed to hang in the air. As she walked into the room to prepare, Olivia couldn’t suppress the grin on her face. This was her element—the smell of potions, the crackle of spells in the air, the feeling of students hanging on your every word.

Professor Snape was already there, standing at the front of the classroom, his cloak billowing dramatically behind him. His face was unreadable, as always, his black eyes focused on the stack of papers before him. He didn’t glance up when Olivia entered, which was fine by her. She wasn’t expecting a warm welcome.

She moved quickly to the side of the room, organizing the materials and taking note of the students who were beginning to filter in. She could see a few familiar faces—some of the older Slytherins who had been in her year, now sitting at the back, chatting quietly.

"Good morning, everyone," Olivia called out brightly, her voice loud and unrestrained. "Welcome to Potions class! I’m Ms. Black, and today, we’re going to make sure you don't blow yourselves up in the process of learning!"

There was a brief silence. She could feel the students' eyes on her, some of them surprised by her energy, others clearly already prepared to test her limits. She smiled wider, her eyes scanning the room as she continued.

"So, for the first lesson, we’ll be brewing a simple Sleeping Draught. Shouldn’t be too hard for you all—unless, of course, you’re the type to make the potion explode in your face." Olivia paused dramatically. "That does happen sometimes, doesn’t it?"

There was a ripple of laughter, and Olivia couldn’t help but feel a rush of satisfaction. She loved the sound of students laughing, the feeling of engaging them with her own energy. She leaned against the desk, crossing her arms and watching them start to gather their ingredients. It wasn’t difficult to capture their attention. She had always been a bit of a show-off, and teaching allowed her to channel that energy into something productive.

But before she could continue, she felt a sharp, pointed gaze from across the room. Snape, standing stoically at the front of the class, was watching her with a look that could melt stone. He had his arms crossed, his lips drawn into a thin, displeased line.

"Ms. Black," Snape said in his smooth, icy voice, drawing the students’ attention back to him. "Might I suggest you tone down the theatrics? This is a serious classroom, not a circus."

Olivia’s smile faltered, though she quickly recovered. Her brows furrowed slightly, her blue eyes narrowing as she turned to face him.

"Serious classroom? It’s the first day, Professor. They need a little excitement, don’t you think?" Olivia’s tone was playful, but there was an edge to it. She had been teaching for all of twenty minutes, and already Snape was making her feel like she was doing something wrong.

"I don’t need your interpretation of ‘excitement,’ Ms. Black," Snape replied, his voice cutting through the air. "What they need is discipline and focus. Not jokes or unnecessary commentary." His eyes flicked to the students, who were now whispering among themselves, likely enjoying the back-and-forth between the two of them. "You would do well to remember that."

Olivia’s lips tightened, though she kept her outward composure. She didn’t like being told what to do, especially not in front of the students. She was the one standing at the front of the room, engaging them, getting them excited about learning. He didn’t understand that.

"Well, excuse me for not being as boring as you," Olivia shot back, her voice dripping with sarcasm. She knew she was pushing it, but she couldn’t help herself. Snape’s cold, condescending attitude had always rubbed her the wrong way. And now, as her colleague, it still did.

Snape’s nostrils flared, his lips pressed into a tight line. "If you’re here to be a distraction, Ms. Black, I suggest you leave. I am trying to teach a class, not babysit an intern."

"Excuse me?" Olivia’s eyes flashed, the sharp edge of indignation rising. Her hands clenched into fists at her sides. "I’m not some silly intern. I have a doctorate in potion-making, just like you. I’m here to teach, just like you. So, maybe you should learn how to treat me like a colleague instead of an inconvenience."

The room fell silent, the students watching the exchange with rapt attention. Olivia could feel the heat of her anger growing, but she didn’t back down. She wasn’t going to let Snape belittle her, not in front of these students, not when she was trying so hard to prove herself.

Snape stood taller, his voice cool and impervious to her outburst. "You will respect the boundaries of this classroom, Ms. Black. I am in charge here, and I expect you to follow my lead."

Olivia clenched her jaw, her heart pounding in her chest. She had never been good at letting insults slide, especially not from someone who had always made her feel small. Snape’s words were cutting, and they stung more than they should have. She wasn’t just annoyed—she was hurt. And in the midst of her mounting frustration, she felt a sharp pressure in her bladder.

The familiar sensation made her stomach drop. She froze for a moment, just long enough for the tension in her lower abdomen to become more noticeable. The argument, her anger, all of it—it had caused her body to react.

She could feel the warmth slowly spreading in her pull-up. It wasn’t enough to be noticeable, but it was there, and the feeling of her secret slipping out of control made her stomach twist. She wanted to scream, but instead, she took a deep, steadying breath. She wasn’t about to let Snape see how much he was affecting her.

Her hands clenched even harder, her nails biting into her palms as she forced herself to maintain composure. She didn’t want Snape—didn’t want anyone—to see her vulnerability. Not now, not after everything.

Snape hadn’t noticed. Of course, he hadn’t. He was too busy trying to keep up his façade of superiority. But Olivia felt the wave of frustration surge through her like a tidal wave. She turned sharply, pushing away the discomfort in her lower body, her anger taking the place of everything else.

"I’m done," she said coldly, her voice sharp as a knife. "I’ll finish the lesson on my own, Professor." She gave a slight nod, but it wasn’t respectful—it was dismissive.

With that, Olivia made her way to the back of the classroom, her movements swift and purposeful, though she was careful to keep her posture as relaxed as possible. She could feel the warmth in her pull-up growing, but the anger coursing through her veins was enough to push it out of her mind for the moment.

She needed to get away from Snape. Needed to get out of the classroom.

"I’ll be back shortly," she muttered under her breath, her voice low and controlled, the sarcastic edge gone from her tone.

Without another word, she swept out of the room, her mind racing with thoughts of everything Snape had said, of everything she wanted to say in return. And as she walked down the stone corridors, away from the classroom and the chaos of her emotions, she told herself one thing.

She wasn’t going to let Snape—*or anyone*—make her feel small again.

*003*2025-01-21 21:18

Chapter Five: The Aftermath

The rest of the lesson passed in a haze for Olivia. She didn’t look up much from the ingredients she was preparing, nor did she engage with the students beyond what was strictly necessary. Her mind was still reeling from the argument with Snape—his icy words, the sting of his dismissive attitude, and the overwhelming feeling of frustration that had lodged itself deep in her chest.

The potion was meant to be simple—a basic Sleeping Draught, easy to brew and perfect for a first lesson. Most of the students had followed the instructions well, though a few of the younger ones had managed to spill their ingredients or make minor mistakes. Olivia felt little satisfaction from their progress, her own simmering emotions distracting her from the task at hand. She focused on the brewing process but couldn’t help glancing over at Snape every now and then, as if expecting him to continue his criticism. But, for the most part, he remained quiet, his sharp eyes scanning the classroom, occasionally offering a low instruction or correction.

As the last few minutes of class approached, Olivia felt her frustration begin to wane—partially out of sheer exhaustion, and partially because the students had settled into the rhythm of the lesson. The weight of her argument with Snape hung over her like a dark cloud, but she couldn’t let it cloud her professionalism entirely. She had a job to do, and there was no room for self-pity.

When the final bell rang, signaling the end of the lesson, the students gathered their belongings, their chatter rising again as they filed out of the classroom. Olivia stayed where she was, organizing the leftover supplies and packing the students’ unused ingredients back into the cabinet. She didn’t want to look at Snape, didn’t want to hear whatever he had to say, but she knew he would say something. He always did.

"Ms. Black," came his low voice, like a cold wind sweeping through the room.

She turned slowly, forcing herself to meet his eyes, though her heart was still heavy from their earlier exchange.

"You will respect this classroom," Snape said, his voice firm but not unkind. "It is my domain, and while I don’t expect you to remain entirely silent, I do expect you to conduct yourself with professionalism. This isn’t a place for theatrics or unnecessary drama."

Olivia’s stomach tightened, and she felt a twinge of embarrassment creep up her neck. The anger she had felt earlier was gone now, replaced by a dull ache of defeat. Snape was right—this was his class, his territory. And in the end, no matter how much she disagreed with him, she had to admit that she hadn’t handled the situation well.

"I understand, Professor," she said, her voice quiet but steady. She forced herself to meet his gaze, even though she wanted nothing more than to look away.

Snape nodded, his eyes narrowing slightly as if weighing her response. He didn’t say anything further, though she could tell that the conversation was, in his mind, over.

"Good," he replied, his tone softening just a fraction. "Make sure you keep that in mind for the future, Ms. Black."

She nodded, turning to face the board and gather the last of her materials, but the words hung in the air between them. There was nothing else to say. She had admitted her mistake, and now all she could do was move forward.

Once the last student had exited and the classroom door had closed behind them, Olivia took a deep breath. The weight of the argument was still there, but it had lessened somewhat. She had made her point—at least to herself. And Snape had made his.

With the tension in the room fading, she felt the remnants of the discomfort from earlier creeping back. She hadn’t had time to properly take care of herself before class had started, and now the warmth in her pull-up from the argument had shifted into something more noticeable. The accident had been small, but it had still left her feeling unsettled, like a weight she couldn’t shake.

She needed to leave. To get some space. To change.

"I’ll be back in a moment, Professor," she said, her voice clipped but polite as she turned to Snape, who didn’t acknowledge her departure. She knew better than to wait for him to engage. He’d already made his opinion clear.

Olivia left the classroom quickly, making her way down the winding corridors, her footsteps echoing softly on the stone floors. She tried to ignore the faint warmth still lingering in her pull-up. It wasn’t enough to be noticed by anyone, but the discomfort gnawed at her. She needed to fix it—needed to feel normal again.

She made it to the small staff bathroom, locking the door behind her before she took a breath of relief. The room was quiet, and for a moment, she allowed herself to relax. She reached into her bag, pulling out a fresh pair of pull-ups, carefully and quietly changing out of the soiled one. She wasn’t in a rush this time—no one was around, and for the first time since she’d stormed out of Snape’s classroom, she could breathe a little easier.

As she cleaned up, the anger she had been carrying seemed to dissolve into a cloud of quiet frustration. The accident had been small, manageable, but it still stung. She hated that Snape had unknowingly been the cause of it—that his words, his cold dismissal of her, had triggered the feeling of vulnerability she was so careful to hide. But she couldn’t afford to let it get to her. She couldn’t afford to be weak, especially not in front of someone like Snape.

She finished changing and cleaned up, taking a moment to look at herself in the mirror. Her blue eyes stared back at her, and for a second, she didn’t recognize the person who was staring at herself with so much quiet frustration.

This isn’t you, she reminded herself. You don’t let people like Snape make you feel less than you are.

With that thought, she straightened her back, pushed her shoulders back, and headed out of the staff bathroom. She didn’t have time to waste on self-pity. The next lesson was coming up fast, and she had a responsibility to these students. She couldn’t let Snape—or anyone—make her feel like she didn’t belong here.

The next few lessons would be different, she promised herself. She would focus on her students, not the petty rivalry between her and Snape. She had come here to teach, to make a difference—and no amount of tension could change that.

By the time she reached her office to prepare for the next round of classes, she was feeling more in control again. She gathered her notes, organized her ingredients, and took a deep breath.

She could do this. She had to. And as the students filed in for the next lesson, Olivia Black stepped back into the role she had been waiting for.

No more theatrics. No more drama. Just the quiet, steady confidence of a woman who had finally found her place.

###

### Chapter Six: Finding Her Place

The bell rang softly through the corridors, signaling the end of the day’s lessons. Olivia stood by the classroom door, watching the students trickle out, each one murmuring amongst themselves as they made their way back to their respective common rooms. The morning's tension with Snape had mostly dissolved by now, and though her earlier frustration still lingered, it was overshadowed by the relief of getting through her first day of teaching. She was already starting to feel more comfortable in her role, despite the lingering undercurrent of unease around Snape.

Her next task was to regroup, to relax, and to find a way to make Hogwarts feel like home again.

As she made her way down the winding hallways toward the staff room, she passed by the Great Hall, where the teachers were beginning to gather for their evening meal. She could hear the quiet hum of voices rising from within, the familiar sound of faculty members exchanging stories of their summer vacations. Olivia hesitated for a moment, unsure whether she wanted to join the conversation just yet. But then, a familiar voice cut through her thoughts.

"Olivia! Over here!"

She turned toward the sound of the call, and saw Hagrid waving at her from the large wooden doors of the staff room. His broad grin was impossible to ignore.

"Coming, Hagrid," she called back, adjusting the strap of her bag and walking toward him with a small smile.

She entered the staff room, a comfortable, cozy space with mismatched armchairs and a few long tables scattered around. The large windows gave a stunning view of the grounds, framed by the fading light of the evening sky. There were a few teachers already seated at the tables, talking and laughing over their meal. The soft clink of silverware and the rich scent of roast lamb filled the air.

"Ah, there she is!" Hagrid greeted her as she entered, patting the empty chair next to him. "You’ve gotta join us for a bite, Olivia. What’ve ye been up to this summer?"

Olivia sat down, grateful for the chance to finally unwind and join the conversation. She was still adjusting to her new role, but she’d missed the warmth of the teachers’ camaraderie. In her years as a student, she had always found the staff room to be a place of peace and quiet, a sanctuary from the bustle of student life. Now, as a colleague, it felt like a different kind of sanctuary—one that she was beginning to belong to.

"I spent most of my summer in Spain," Olivia said, helping herself to a plate of food. "Studying a few rare potions ingredients, some obscure herbs used in older recipes. You know, the usual."

"Spain?" Hagrid repeated, his eyebrows rising. "Aye, that’s a lovely place. I’m guessin’ ye took some time to enjoy the sights too, eh?"

"Of course," Olivia replied with a grin. "The food, the wine, the warm air. It was hard to leave, honestly." She leaned back in her chair, her tone relaxed as she let her mind wander briefly to the warmth of the Spanish sun. "I even visited a few old botanical gardens and did some research on local magical plants. There’s this one herb, *Lupuluis*, that’s nearly impossible to find outside of the Mediterranean. It’s got a unique effect on potion brewing—perfect for a few... complicated concoctions." She glanced over at Hagrid with a mischievous smile. "Maybe I’ll get you a sample next time. If you’re interested, of course."

Hagrid let out a deep, approving chuckle. "You’ve always had a knack for finding the rare stuff, Olivia. Sounds like a productive summer."

"I’d say so," she responded. "But it was also a lot of quiet time for me. I had a chance to think—about potions, about the future. About everything, really."

Professor McGonagall, who had been listening from across the table, looked up at Olivia with a faint smile. "I’m glad to hear you found time to think, Ms. Black. It’s important to keep a bit of peace in your life, especially when there’s so much... *chaos* here at Hogwarts." Her lips quirked as she glanced at Hagrid, who was busy stuffing his face with mashed potatoes.

"Of course," Olivia replied, not missing the playful tone. "I’ve always found that when I don’t have peace, I end up making a bit of chaos myself. Better to embrace it."

"Sounds like you, alright," McGonagall said with a wink before turning her attention back to the conversation with the other teachers.

"Not as much chaos as yer old friend, though, eh, Olivia?" Hagrid said, his grin widening. "That Snape fellow looks like he’s been in a bad mood since ye got back. Are ye two still, well, y’know...?”

Olivia let out a soft laugh, though it held a slight bitterness. "Snape’s always in a bad mood, Hagrid. Not much has changed there."

"He can be a bit much," Hagrid said sympathetically. "But ye’ll manage. Ye always do."

Olivia smiled softly, appreciating the sentiment, though part of her wasn’t entirely sure how much *managing* she was doing with Snape. She’d hoped things would be easier after her return, but she was starting to wonder if she had underestimated how deeply old rivalries could run.

"Anyway," Olivia said, eager to steer the conversation in a lighter direction, "how about you all? What did you get up to this summer?"

Professor McGonagall looked thoughtful for a moment, then answered, "I spent most of my time in Scotland, visiting some of the old magical sites. There’s always something to be learned from the past. I also found some time to relax—after all, we all need a bit of rest, don’t we?" She gave Olivia a knowing smile, as though she could sense the quieter edge to Olivia’s tone when she spoke about her own summer.

The conversation continued, with Hagrid offering his usual, exuberant stories about his trips to the Scottish Highlands and McGonagall talking about the various magical organizations she’d worked with.

By the time the meal was winding down and the last of the conversation died down, Olivia felt much more at ease. The tension she had felt earlier in the day had lifted, and she was grateful for it. She had missed the easy camaraderie of the staff, and while things with Snape still loomed on the horizon, she was slowly learning that she could find a space for herself in this strange new dynamic.

"Well, I’d better be off," Olivia said, standing and stretching. "I’ve still got some unpacking to do. Make this place feel like home, you know?"

"Of course!" Hagrid boomed. "Get yerself settled, and don’t be shy about popping by again!"

"Not at all," Olivia said with a smile. "I’ll catch you all later."

She left the staff room, making her way down the corridors toward her quarters. Hogwarts felt different now—more alive, more bustling with potential. And as she walked, a faint sense of anticipation grew within her.

Her quarters, while comfortable, were still filled with unpacked boxes. She’d been so focused on getting settled into the routine of teaching that she hadn’t given much attention to personalizing the space. It wasn’t quite the haven she wanted it to be yet, but she could change that.

Olivia entered her quarters and immediately began to unpack more of her things—her books, her clothes, the small trinkets she’d collected over the years. She moved methodically, creating a sense of order in the chaos. Each item she unpacked felt like a small act of reclaiming her space, a small victory over the uncertainty she’d felt during her first few days back at Hogwarts.

She hung up her robes, placed her favorite books on the shelf, and carefully arranged her collection of vials and potion-making equipment on the workbench. With each movement, the room began to feel more like *hers*.

When she finally stepped back to take it all in, she felt a small wave of satisfaction. It wasn’t perfect yet, but it was a start.

Tomorrow would be another busy day, filled with more lessons and more adjustments. But for now, in the quiet of her quarters, Olivia could feel the last traces of her earlier frustration and uncertainty fading into the background.

For the first time since arriving back at Hogwarts, she felt like she was exactly where she needed to be.

*004*2025-01-21 21:19

### Chapter Seven: Struggling for Control

The next few days at Hogwarts were a blur of activity for Olivia. As the lessons continued, she felt more and more the weight of her new position—no longer a student, no longer a mere observer, but a teacher. It was exhilarating in its own way, but also challenging. Every class, every interaction with students, with the other teachers, felt like a balancing act. And at the center of it all, Olivia could feel Snape’s critical eye watching her every move.

Though she had hoped the tension between them might have lessened over time, it had only intensified. Snape had barely acknowledged her beyond his brief, often terse interactions. Whenever she made a suggestion, a joke, or tried to inject a little energy into the lessons, she could see the disapproval in his eyes. It wasn’t that he outright criticized her in front of the class—he was more subtle, more cutting in his silence. The pointed stares, the cold glares, the way he’d simply take over the class if he didn’t like the way things were going—it was all becoming unbearable.

Olivia was beginning to feel like she was on the defensive. She’d never been one to shy away from competition or from a challenge, but this was different. Snape had the years of experience, the established power, and most importantly, the students’ respect—things that Olivia was still trying to earn.

Today’s class was shaping up to be no different.

She stood at the front of the room, her arms crossed, watching the students begin to assemble their ingredients for the day’s potion—a complex, delicate mixture that required both precision and concentration. Olivia was explaining the importance of timing when Snape entered the room, his dark cloak sweeping behind him as he moved with his usual imposing presence. His eyes flicked over the students briefly before they locked onto Olivia.

“Ms. Black,” Snape began, his voice as cold as always. “Perhaps you would like to focus more on the *precise* aspects of potion-making rather than wasting time with trivial banter.”

Olivia’s stomach dropped slightly, but she refused to show any sign of weakness. She’d been doing her best to get the students engaged, to make the lesson more dynamic, but Snape clearly didn’t appreciate her approach.

“I was simply reminding them about the importance of careful measurement,” Olivia replied evenly, forcing a calmness into her voice she didn’t entirely feel. “Potion-making requires precision, yes, but it also requires attention to detail, focus, and sometimes a bit of... creativity. It’s more than just following instructions.”

“Creativity?” Snape’s voice dropped lower, his eyes narrowing as he walked closer to her. “Potion-making is a science, not a playground for your ‘creative musings.’ If you were attempting to teach these students anything of value, you would have them focus on the fundamentals. They need to understand the rules before they break them.”

Olivia felt a flare of irritation rise in her chest. It was always like this with Snape—his condescension, his constant undermining. She had *earned* her position. She had studied potions for years, and yet, to him, she was still a child in need of correction.

“I am teaching them the fundamentals,” she replied, her voice tight. “But you have to admit, the best potion-makers don’t just follow rules. They learn how to bend them when necessary.”

Snape’s eyes flicked over her, cold and assessing. “You *believe* you understand this, but you lack the discipline to teach it. Your ‘methods’ may work for a few amateurs, but not for students who are learning to brew potions at the level expected of them here.”

Her cheeks flushed with the sting of his words, but she wasn’t about to let him see it. She crossed her arms tighter, refusing to back down. “I disagree. I believe students benefit from a broader perspective. They need to understand why the rules exist, and not just memorize them.”

Snape’s gaze hardened. “Your perspective is irrelevant, Ms. Black. You will follow my lead in this classroom, or there will be consequences.”

The threat in his words was unmistakable, and though she wanted to argue, she knew better than to challenge him too directly in front of the students. The last thing she needed was to embarrass herself further. Instead, she turned her attention to the students, trying to push down the frustration that was threatening to boil over.

“You heard the man,” she said, her voice more cheerful than she felt. “Let’s focus on making sure we get this right, shall we?”

The students nodded, and for the rest of the class, Olivia focused on guiding them through the delicate potion process. But in the back of her mind, she could feel Snape’s presence like a weight pressing down on her. Every time she moved to engage the class, she saw his sharp eyes following her, disapproving, judging. It was exhausting.

The bell rang, signaling the end of the class, and the students filed out, whispering to each other as they left. Olivia stood at the front of the room for a moment, taking a deep breath. She could feel the burn of frustration in her chest, the need to prove herself.

But Snape wasn’t done yet.

“You’ll stay behind, Ms. Black,” he ordered, his voice flat. “I need a word.”

Olivia didn’t respond, just nodded stiffly as the last of the students left the room. She waited, her hands clenched by her sides, as Snape walked to the front of the classroom and leaned against the desk. His eyes never left her, his expression unreadable.

“You’re failing to grasp the importance of control in this classroom,” Snape began, his tone even, but carrying an undercurrent of authority that she couldn’t ignore. “You’ve let your… *enthusiasm* cloud your judgment. The students need to see the value of structure, of discipline. You are not here to entertain them, Ms. Black.”

Olivia bit her lip, her nails digging into her palms. “I’m not here to entertain them, Professor. I’m here to teach them. *All* of them—how to think critically, to approach potions with both precision *and* creativity.”

Snape’s eyes narrowed. “If you insist on continuing this misguided approach, I’ll have to report it. You’ll find yourself reassigned to a different role—one that does not require such… *free-thinking* methods.”

The threat was clear, and it sent a chill down Olivia’s spine. She opened her mouth to argue, to push back, but something in Snape’s cold, impenetrable gaze stopped her. She could feel the power he wielded in this room—how effortlessly he commanded authority. It was something she had always admired from a distance as a student, but now, standing on the other side of the desk, it felt suffocating.

With a resigned sigh, Olivia dropped her shoulders, fighting the urge to let her frustration show. “I understand,” she said, her voice subdued. “I’ll adjust.”

Snape didn’t respond immediately, his eyes lingering on her with a mixture of contempt and something she couldn’t quite place. Finally, he spoke again, his voice low. “See that you do. Your… *methods* might work in some circles, but they will not work here, Ms. Black. Not while I am in charge.”

A knot tightened in Olivia’s stomach. “Understood, Professor.”

“Good.” Snape’s tone softened just a fraction, but the chill was still there. “Now, go. And remember your place.”

Olivia swallowed the lump in her throat, her fingers twitching at her sides as she nodded once more and turned to leave the room. As she walked down the hall, her heart was pounding in her chest. She hated this feeling. Hated that, despite everything she had learned, despite all the years she had spent proving herself, she still felt like an outsider in his world.

The rest of the day passed in a blur. She gave the students their assignments, made small talk with a few of her colleagues, but she couldn’t shake the conversation with Snape from her mind. She felt deflated, like her power in the classroom had been stripped away, and for the first time since arriving back at Hogwarts, she wasn’t sure how to fight for it.

That night, as she sat alone in her quarters, the weight of her frustration finally came crashing down. She had to find a way to take back control—not just for her sake, but for her students’ sake as well. She couldn’t afford to let Snape, or anyone, undermine her anymore.

She wasn’t going to give up. Not yet.

*005*2025-01-21 21:20

### Chapter Eight: A Beast Unleashed

The Great Hall was alive with the clatter of cutlery, the hum of conversation, and the occasional burst of laughter as students and teachers settled into the second dinner of the school year. The warm golden glow of the enchanted ceiling reflected the starlit night outside, and the air was filled with the scent of roasted meats and fresh bread. Olivia sat at the staff table, sandwiched between Professor Flitwick and Hagrid, listening to the latter regale her with tales of his latest encounter with a particularly feisty Blast-Ended Skrewt.

“I tell yeh, Olivia,” Hagrid said, his booming voice carrying over the din, “this one was nearly the size of me hut! Took three o’ us ter wrangle it back in.”

Olivia grinned, swirling her goblet of pumpkin juice. “And here I thought your hut was too cozy to host such lively guests, Hagrid.”

He chuckled, the sound deep and hearty. “Aye, yeh’ve not changed a bit, have yeh? Still quick with yer words.”

“I like to think I’ve only gotten quicker,” she replied with a smirk, though her attention shifted slightly as she noticed Snape’s dark figure seated further down the table. He was sipping his wine, his eyes scanning the room with his usual aloof detachment. The sight of him brought a flicker of irritation to Olivia’s chest, a reminder of the tension between them that still hadn’t eased.

Suddenly, the atmosphere in the Great Hall shifted. A low, rumbling growl echoed faintly through the space, causing heads to turn toward the massive wooden doors. At first, there was silence, broken only by the occasional whisper. But then, the doors flew open with a deafening *bang*, and a massive, clawed creature barreled into the room.

It was a chimera—its lion’s head snarling, its goat’s head bleating in a strange, eerie harmony, and its serpent’s tail snapping dangerously at the air. Gasps erupted from the students as the beast’s golden eyes swept across the hall, its nostrils flaring as it sniffed the air.

“Everyone, remain calm!” McGonagall’s voice cut through the panic, but even she had her wand drawn, her sharp eyes focused on the creature.

“Out of the hall, quickly!” Dumbledore’s commanding tone followed, his calm presence encouraging students to retreat in an orderly fashion toward the nearest exits.

The teachers sprang into action, herding students and casting protective spells to shield them from the chimera’s growing aggression. Olivia was among them, wand at the ready as she helped direct a group of Hufflepuff first-years toward the far doors. The chimera roared, its tail snapping dangerously close to the staff table, sending plates and goblets flying.

“Ms. Black, move!” Snape’s voice rang out, sharp and urgent.

Olivia turned just in time to see the chimera’s lion head swinging toward her, its jaws parting in a menacing growl. She darted to the side, narrowly avoiding the beast’s attack, her heart pounding in her chest. She cast a quick Stunning Spell, but it barely slowed the creature down.

“Professor Snape!” she called, running to his side as he prepared another spell.

“Stay close,” he ordered, his tone clipped as he flicked his wand with precision, sending a jet of red light toward the chimera. The beast recoiled slightly, but it didn’t back down. “We need to regroup with the others. Now.”

Olivia nodded, following him as he led her toward the side of the hall, where a small alcove provided temporary shelter. The sounds of chaos echoed around them—shouts, spells, and the chimera’s guttural growls—but the space they’d found offered a momentary reprieve.

“Are you hurt?” Snape asked abruptly, his eyes scanning her for injuries.

“No,” Olivia replied quickly, though her breath was still catching up with her. “I’m fine. Just a little... startled.”

“Clearly,” he muttered, his tone still carrying its usual edge. But there was something else there, something almost... protective.

Before she could respond, another crash echoed through the hall, and they both ducked instinctively as a chunk of debris flew past them. The adrenaline coursing through Olivia’s veins made her tremble slightly, and she realized, with a sinking feeling, that her bladder had betrayed her in the chaos.

She could feel the warmth spreading, but she didn’t dare look down or move too much. Snape was still beside her, his focus on the battle raging beyond their hiding spot. She clenched her jaw, forcing herself to stay composed, her cheeks burning with embarrassment.

“Stay here,” Snape ordered, his voice low. “I’ll draw its attention. When I give the signal, you join the others and help contain it.”

“Wait, you’re going out there alone?” she asked, her voice sharper than she intended.

“I don’t have time for an argument, Ms. Black,” he snapped. “Just do as I say.”

Before she could protest further, Snape swept out of the alcove, his wand raised as he cast another series of spells to divert the chimera’s attention. Olivia watched, her frustration with him momentarily eclipsed by a strange sense of... gratitude.

Once he was clear of the alcove, she took a deep breath, her mind racing. She needed to act fast. With Snape’s distraction giving her the opportunity, she slipped out of the alcove and joined McGonagall and Flitwick, who were working together to subdue the chimera.

By the time the creature was finally subdued and escorted out of the Great Hall by a team of Aurors, the chaos had settled, and the students were safely accounted for. Olivia’s heart was still pounding, and the faint remnants of her earlier accident made her all the more eager to retreat to her quarters.

As the staff regrouped, Snape approached her, his expression as unreadable as ever.

“You managed not to get yourself killed,” he remarked dryly, though there was a faint, almost imperceptible flicker of relief in his eyes.

“Glad to see you care, Professor,” Olivia shot back, her usual sarcasm creeping back into her tone.

Snape’s lips twitched, but he said nothing more, turning on his heel and stalking away.

Olivia let out a breath she hadn’t realized she was holding, grateful that her secret had gone unnoticed. As she made her way back to her quarters, her mind lingered on the events of the evening—the chaos, the danger, and the strange, fleeting moments of connection with Snape.

She had a feeling this year was going to be even more complicated than she’d anticipated.

###

### Chapter Nine: Unraveling the Mystery

The following morning, the staff convened in the staff room to discuss the previous night’s events. The room buzzed with tension as each teacher recounted their role in containing the chimera and ensuring the safety of the students. Olivia sat near the back, her arms crossed as she listened intently. Despite her calm outward appearance, her thoughts were a jumbled mess.

The creature had been contained, the students unharmed, but the incident was far from forgotten. Olivia’s mind kept drifting back to the moment in the alcove with Snape. His command to “stay close,” the way his eyes had scanned her for injuries, and his unusually protective demeanor—it was all so unlike him. The Severus Snape she knew didn’t have time for sentiment or care, especially not for someone like her.

She shook her head, trying to dismiss the thoughts. *He was just doing his job, nothing more,* she told herself.

“—and we’ve identified the culprits,” McGonagall’s sharp voice cut through Olivia’s internal debate, bringing her back to the present.

“Who?” Flitwick asked, his small frame practically bouncing with curiosity.

McGonagall’s lips thinned into a disapproving line. “A group of eighth-year students. It seems they thought it would be amusing to release the chimera as a ‘harmless prank.’ They didn’t anticipate the creature’s aggression.”

A collective groan rose from the room.

“Harmless?” Hagrid’s booming voice echoed. “That beast could’ve done real damage!”

“Fortunately, it didn’t,” McGonagall said firmly, her eyes sweeping over the room. “The students responsible have been identified and are currently awaiting disciplinary action. They’ll be speaking with Professor Dumbledore and myself later today. Rest assured, they will face appropriate consequences for their reckless behavior.”

Olivia leaned back in her chair, her brow furrowed. Eighth-years—students who were technically adults, who should have known better. She couldn’t help but feel a twinge of anger. These students had put the entire school in danger, all for a laugh.

“It’s a miracle no one was hurt,” Madam Pomfrey chimed in, her voice stern. “If it weren’t for the quick actions of the staff…” She trailed off, shaking her head.

Olivia’s gaze flicked toward Snape, who was standing near the fireplace, his arms crossed and his expression as stony as ever. He hadn’t spoken much since the meeting began, but his presence was as commanding as always.

“Professor Snape,” McGonagall addressed him, pulling Olivia’s attention back to the present. “Your assistance in subduing the creature was invaluable. As always, your skill in handling volatile situations is greatly appreciated.”

Snape gave a curt nod, his dark eyes glinting with something unreadable. “It was a necessary action,” he said simply, his voice as cold as ever.

Olivia resisted the urge to roll her eyes. Even when complimented, the man refused to show even a flicker of humility.

The meeting concluded shortly after, and the staff began to disperse, many of them heading off to their respective classrooms to prepare for the day’s lessons. Olivia lingered for a moment, lost in thought.

Her mind kept circling back to Snape. Why had he been so protective last night? It wasn’t like him to care about anyone beyond what was strictly required of him. She could still hear the sharp urgency in his voice when he’d told her to stay close, the way he’d glanced at her with what could almost be described as concern.

*No,* she thought firmly, shaking her head. *I’m reading too much into it. He probably just didn’t want to deal with the paperwork if I got hurt.*

Still, the thought lingered, refusing to be dismissed entirely.

###

Later that evening, Olivia returned to her quarters, still unable to shake the events of the previous night from her mind. She busied herself with unpacking the last of her belongings, hoping the mundane task would distract her.

As she carefully arranged her books on the shelves, her fingers brushed against an old, leather-bound journal. She paused, her lips curving into a small smile. It was the journal she’d kept during her Hogwarts years, filled with notes, doodles, and snippets of her teenage thoughts.

Flipping it open, she found a page from her fifth year, where she’d written a particularly scathing critique of one of Snape’s lectures. *“Does the man ever smile?”* she’d written in bold letters, followed by a poorly drawn caricature of him with exaggerated frown lines.

She chuckled softly, shaking her head. Some things never changed.

Setting the journal aside, Olivia moved to the window and gazed out at the darkened grounds. The moon cast a silvery glow over the castle, and the distant sound of the lake lapping against the shore filled the silence. Despite everything, she couldn’t deny that Hogwarts still felt like home.

And yet, there was an undercurrent of tension she couldn’t ignore—a sense that this year would be different. Her relationship with Snape was strained at best, the students were already proving to be a handful, and she still had her own challenges to navigate.

But Olivia wasn’t one to back down from a challenge.

With a determined breath, she turned away from the window and began preparing for the next day. She might not have all the answers yet, but she’d faced worse before. Whatever this year had in store, she was ready.

Or at least, she hoped she was.

*006*2025-01-21 21:21

### Chapter Ten: A Slippery Situation

The Potions classroom was filled with the familiar sounds of bubbling cauldrons and the occasional hiss of steam. Olivia moved gracefully between the rows of workstations, her sharp blue eyes scanning the students' progress as they prepared their Draught of Peace.

“Don’t over-stir, Mr. Carter,” she called out to a nervous-looking fifth-year. “Unless you’re aiming for a potion that will knock you out rather than calm your nerves.”

The students chuckled nervously, but the boy corrected his technique, muttering a sheepish “Thanks, Professor Black.”

At the front of the room, Snape loomed over his desk, his dark gaze sweeping the classroom with an air of disdain. He had taken a more passive role today, allowing Olivia to lead the lesson while he observed. Or, as Olivia privately suspected, silently judged her every move.

She refused to let it bother her. Instead, she leaned into her usual sarcastic, energetic style, engaging with the students and offering pointed, yet helpful, critiques.

“You call that a potion, Miss Sinclair?” Olivia said as she passed a particularly murky-looking cauldron. “It looks more like swamp water. Fix it before you accidentally summon a boggart.”

The students laughed, and even Miss Sinclair managed a reluctant grin as she adjusted her mixture. Olivia felt a spark of satisfaction. Despite Snape’s constant criticism, she knew she had a knack for connecting with the students.

As she approached the back of the room, however, her foot suddenly slipped on something small and round. Her heart lurched as she realized it was a glass bottle—likely dropped by one of the students. The world tilted, and for a terrifying moment, she felt herself falling backward.

But just as she braced for impact, a strong hand shot out and grabbed her arm, steadying her before she hit the ground.

“Careless as always, Ms. Black,” Snape’s familiar, cutting tone drawled, though his grip was firm and unyielding.

Olivia looked up, her breath catching as her eyes met his. For a moment, everything else seemed to fade away—the noise of the classroom, the bubbling cauldrons, even the students. His dark eyes held hers, and there was something unreadable in his expression, something that sent her heart racing despite herself.

“Thank you,” she managed to whisper, her voice barely audible.

They stayed like that for a second—maybe two—before the spell was broken by a snicker from one of the students.

“Aw, look at that,” someone muttered. “Maybe they *do* like each other.”

The remark was met with muffled laughter, and Olivia’s cheeks flushed crimson. Snape released her arm abruptly, turning toward the class with a glare so icy it could have frozen fire.

“Five points from Gryffindor for inappropriate commentary,” he snapped. “And if I hear so much as another *peep*—” He let the threat hang in the air, his tone leaving no room for argument.

The room fell silent, save for the quiet bubbling of potions. Olivia straightened, brushing imaginary dust off her robes as she tried to compose herself.

“Let’s get back to work, shall we?” she said, her voice steady despite the lingering embarrassment.

###

The rest of the lesson passed without incident, though Olivia couldn’t shake the memory of Snape’s hand gripping her arm or the way their eyes had locked.

When the class finally ended and the students filed out, she lingered behind, busying herself with tidying up the workstations. Snape was already gathering his notes, his expression as unreadable as ever.

“Thank you, by the way,” Olivia said, her tone quieter than usual.

“For what?” Snape replied, not looking up from his notes.

“For catching me,” she clarified, folding her arms. “I might have cracked my head open if you hadn’t.”

He glanced at her then, his expression cool. “I’d rather not have to explain an injury to the headmistress. It was a simple matter of necessity, not charity.”

Olivia’s lips twitched into a faint smile, though she didn’t press the matter. “Still, I appreciate it.”

Snape gave a noncommittal hum and returned to his work, signaling that the conversation was over.

As Olivia left the classroom, her thoughts were a tangled mix of gratitude, irritation, and something else she couldn’t quite name. She wasn’t sure what to make of Snape’s actions—or her own reaction to them—but one thing was clear: her time at Hogwarts was proving to be far more complicated than she’d anticipated.

###

*007*2025-01-21 21:27

### Chapter Eleven: A Slow-Burning Flame

Olivia paced back and forth in her quarters, her thoughts a whirlwind of confusion and frustration. It had been two days since the incident in the Potions classroom, and she still couldn’t shake the memory of Snape’s hand on her arm or the way his dark eyes had locked with hers. It wasn’t just that moment, either. Every time she saw him, her heart seemed to betray her, thundering in her chest like a rogue drum.

*What is wrong with me?* she thought, running a hand through her frizzy red hair.

Snape had always been a presence in her life, but never like this. Never the kind of presence that sent butterflies swirling in her stomach or made her feel as though her feet weren’t quite touching the ground. And yet, here she was, pacing her room like a schoolgirl with a crush.

It wasn’t just her heart that was betraying her, though. Her body had started to react in ways she couldn’t control, and it was beginning to worry her. The butterflies in her stomach seemed to ripple through her entire body, and more than once, she’d found herself needing to excuse herself to change her pullup after an interaction with him.

At first, she thought it was just nerves, a harmless side effect of being in close proximity to someone so intense and unreadable. But as the days went on, the issue became more frequent. Every time he brushed past her in the hall, his robes billowing and his dark gaze fixed ahead, her breath hitched, her cheeks burned—and she felt that unwelcome warmth that made her stomach sink.

It was maddening.

###

The next morning, Olivia made her way to the Potions classroom for their first lesson of the day, her resolve to stay calm and composed firmly in place.

Snape was already there, of course, his black robes a sharp contrast against the pale stone walls. He moved with his usual precision, setting up the lesson with an efficiency that bordered on mechanical.

Olivia’s heart gave an unsteady thump as she stepped into the room, her eyes involuntarily drawn to him. She shook her head, trying to focus. *You’re a grown woman, Olivia. Get a grip.*

“Ms. Black,” Snape said without looking up, his tone as sharp as ever. “You’re late.”

“I’m two minutes early,” she retorted, her confidence snapping back into place.

His dark eyes flicked to her, and for a moment, there was the faintest twitch at the corner of his mouth. Was that... amusement?

“Then perhaps you should use that time to organize your notes,” he said smoothly, turning away.

Olivia bit back a sarcastic reply, determined not to let him get under her skin—or notice the way her pulse quickened whenever he spoke to her.

###

As the lesson progressed, Olivia found herself hyper-aware of Snape’s presence. He moved through the classroom with his usual grace, his voice low and commanding as he critiqued the students’ work. Every time he passed her, the butterflies in her stomach erupted, and she had to remind herself to breathe.

At one point, she leaned over to help a struggling Ravenclaw with their potion, only to glance up and find Snape watching her from across the room. Their eyes met, and her heart leapt so violently that she almost dropped the vial she was holding.

“Careful, Ms. Black,” Snape drawled, his voice carrying just enough disdain to mask whatever else might have been lurking beneath it. “We wouldn’t want another accident.”

Her cheeks flamed at that word, though she managed to force a tight smile. “Of course not, Professor,” she replied, her tone light and almost defiant.

But inwardly, she was unraveling. The butterflies were back, stronger than ever, and she could feel the telltale warmth that signaled her body had betrayed her once again.

###

By the time the lesson ended, Olivia was desperate to leave the classroom. She stayed just long enough to gather her things, then muttered a quick excuse and slipped out before Snape could say anything.

Once she was in the privacy of her quarters, she let out a frustrated groan, leaning against the door. This was becoming a problem—a very real, very inconvenient problem.

She changed quickly, her movements sharp with irritation. It wasn’t just the accidents that bothered her. It was the fact that she couldn’t control her reactions to him, no matter how hard she tried.

Her feelings for Snape—whatever they were—were starting to seep into every corner of her life, and she didn’t know how to stop them. Worse, she wasn’t sure she wanted to.

As she sat on the edge of her bed, her thoughts swirling, one thing became painfully clear: this slow burn wasn’t going to extinguish itself.

And she wasn’t sure how long she could keep pretending it wasn’t there.

###

### Chapter Twelve: Tipping Point

The Potions classroom was unusually quiet that morning, the atmosphere heavy with tension. Olivia had walked in with her usual resolve to face whatever Snape threw her way, but she could feel something off in the air. Snape stood at the front of the room, his arms crossed and his gaze colder than usual, as if daring someone to test him.

The lesson had barely started when Snape’s sharp remarks began to chip away at Olivia’s patience.

“Ms. Black,” he said, his voice cutting through the classroom like a blade, “would you care to enlighten the class as to why your instructions on this potion were so… inadequate?”

The students turned to look at her, some of them smirking, others whispering behind their hands. Olivia, standing at the back of the classroom, felt her cheeks flush.

“I gave the instructions exactly as they were outlined in the textbook,” she said, forcing her voice to remain steady.

“Precisely my point,” Snape replied, his dark eyes narrowing. “A competent instructor would know how to elaborate, to expand beyond the bare minimum.”

A few students snickered, and Olivia’s hands clenched into fists at her sides.

“Perhaps you’d like to take over the demonstration, Professor Black,” Snape added, his tone dripping with disdain. “Or would that be too much of a challenge?”

Her heart pounded, and she felt a familiar sting behind her eyes. She blinked rapidly, refusing to let the tears fall. But along with the hurt came a flicker of anger, hot and insistent.

“Maybe I would,” she shot back, her voice rising just enough to silence the murmurs in the classroom. “But it’s hard to teach effectively when you’re constantly being undermined at every turn.”

The room went still. Every pair of eyes shifted between Olivia and Snape, the tension so thick it was almost suffocating.

Snape’s expression darkened, his lips curling into a sneer. “Undermined? If you feel incapable of handling a classroom, Ms. Black, I suggest you reconsider your position here.”

Olivia’s anger flared. “What I feel is that perhaps if you offered a shred of constructive feedback instead of constant criticism, the students—and I—might actually learn something from you!”

A gasp rippled through the room, and Olivia immediately realized she’d crossed a line. Snape’s face was a mask of icy fury, his voice deadly quiet as he said, “Get. Out.”

She hesitated, her breath hitching.

“I said, get out of my classroom,” Snape repeated, his voice cold enough to freeze the air.

Tears pricked her eyes again, but this time they were born of humiliation. She felt her stomach drop—and then, to her horror, the familiar warmth of an accident followed. She stiffened, panic surging through her. She couldn’t let anyone notice.

Keeping her head high, Olivia grabbed her bag and stormed out of the room, her face burning. As soon as she was in the corridor, she broke into a near-run, heading straight for the nearest bathroom.

###

Once inside the safety of the bathroom, Olivia locked herself in a stall and let out a shaky breath. She leaned against the cold stone wall, her hands trembling as she tried to process what had just happened.

The humiliation of being called out in front of the class was bad enough, but the accident… That was the breaking point.

She quickly removed her pullup, her movements mechanical and practiced after years of dealing with this. But this time, she couldn’t shake the wave of shame that followed. The fight with Snape had pushed her to her limit, and her body had betrayed her in the worst possible moment.

As she stuffed the used pullup into the enchanted disposal bag she always carried, tears spilled over her cheeks. She swiped them away angrily, refusing to let herself crumble completely.

*Why does he get under my skin so easily?* she thought, biting her lip to keep from sobbing.

Snape’s words echoed in her mind, each one cutting deeper than the last. She’d known this job would be challenging, but she hadn’t expected him to be so relentless, so determined to break her down.

Yet, as the initial wave of shame began to subside, another feeling took its place. Anger.

She’d made it this far—through Hogwarts, through years of managing her secret, through every obstacle life had thrown her way. She wasn’t about to let Severus Snape of all people make her doubt herself. He couldn't...He....

"Oh no."

### Chapter Twelve: A Missing Lifeline

Olivia stood frozen in the bathroom stall, her breath catching in her throat. She rummaged through her bag for the third time, her hands shaking as she searched every pocket, every hidden compartment.

*No, no, no, this can’t be happening,* she thought, her panic rising.

Her small enchanted pouch—the one that held her backup pullups—was missing. She could vividly remember tucking it into her bag that morning, just like she always did. It had become second nature, a safety net she never thought she’d have to go without.

But now, it was gone.

Her chest tightened as the realization sank in. She had no more changes on her, and the day was far from over. There were still two more lessons to get through, not to mention lunch in the Great Hall and the inevitable chance of running into Snape.

She gripped the edge of the sink, her knuckles white. She couldn’t go back to her quarters just yet—it would draw too much attention. And she definitely couldn’t risk another accident.

“Think, Olivia, think,” she whispered to herself, staring at her reflection in the mirror. Her pale face was even paler than usual, and her red curls were frizzing wildly from the stress.

###

As she paced the small bathroom, she mentally retraced her steps. She’d had the pouch when she left her quarters that morning—she was sure of it. But had she set it down somewhere during the chaos of the morning? Left it behind in the Potions classroom, maybe?

Her stomach churned at the thought. If she had left it in Snape’s classroom, retrieving it would mean facing him again. After their argument, the last thing she wanted was to see that piercing gaze or hear another cutting remark.

But what choice did she have?

Olivia clenched her fists, forcing herself to take deep, steadying breaths. She’d survived worse than this. She could handle it.

She smoothed her robes, checked her bag one last time—hoping against hope that the pouch would magically reappear—and stepped out of the bathroom. Her mind raced with excuses, strategies, and contingency plans as she made her way back toward the dungeons.

Her heart pounded with every step, the echoes of her boots against the stone floors sounding louder than usual. She felt exposed, vulnerable, and unsteady—but she also felt determined.

If her time at Hogwarts had taught her anything, it was how to think on her feet. And she was going to need every bit of that resourcefulness to get through this day.

###

