Head Over Heels - A Snape Love Story

Author: WolfieO

*008*2025-01-21 21:30

### Chapter Thirteen: A Breaking Point

The dungeons were colder than usual, or maybe it was just Olivia’s nerves. Every step toward the Potions classroom felt heavier, her pulse quickening with each echo of her boots on the stone floor.

She hadn’t put on another pullup—she couldn’t. Without her pouch, she had no choice but to hope she could make it through this errand without incident.

*Just get in, grab the pouch, and get out,* she told herself, taking a shaky breath. She tried to focus on the task ahead, but the anxiety gnawed at her, making her hyperaware of every sensation in her body.

As she neared the classroom, the sound of students shuffling out reached her ears. The lesson had just ended. Perfect timing. She pressed herself against the wall, waiting for the last few stragglers to leave before slipping inside.

Her eyes immediately darted to the workstation she had been using that morning. Relief flooded her as she spotted her enchanted pouch tucked beneath the edge of the table. She hurried over and grabbed it, clutching it to her chest like a lifeline.

“Ms. Black.”

The voice was sharp, low, and unmistakable.

Olivia froze, the hairs on the back of her neck standing on end. Slowly, she turned to face Professor Snape, who was standing near his desk, his dark eyes fixed on her like a predator sizing up its prey.

“Stay behind,” he said, his tone leaving no room for argument.

She swallowed hard, her stomach twisting. She could feel the tension radiating off him, the unspoken anger simmering just beneath the surface.

As the last student left, Snape closed the door with a deliberate slowness that made Olivia’s palms sweat.

“How *dare* you?” he began, his voice cold and cutting.

Olivia winced, gripping the pouch tighter. “Professor, I—”

“No,” he snapped, silencing her. “You do not interrupt me. What you did this morning was unacceptable. You challenged me in front of my students, undermined my authority, and made a spectacle of yourself.”

His words hit her like blows, each one sharper than the last. She opened her mouth to defend herself, but he pressed on.

“This is *my* classroom, Ms. Black. Not yours. I will not tolerate insubordination from anyone, least of all an *intern* who seems to think she knows better than I do.”

Olivia’s face burned, tears prickling at the corners of her eyes. She could feel the pressure building in her bladder, the telltale signs of her body betraying her again.

“Professor,” she said, her voice shaky, “please... I need to—”

“You need to listen,” he interrupted, his voice rising. “You may have been a promising student once, but you are here to *assist* me, not to challenge me. Do you understand?”

“Professor Snape,” she begged, her voice trembling now, “please, I need to leave.”

He stepped closer, his dark eyes narrowing. “You are not going anywhere until we have finished this conversation.”

She turned, desperate to escape, but his hand shot out, catching her wrist. It wasn’t painful, but it was firm enough to stop her in her tracks.

“Let me go!” she pleaded, panic rising in her chest.

“Not until you understand that your behavior was completely out of line,” he said, his voice unyielding.

And then it happened.

The panic, the stress, the humiliation—it all came to a head. She felt the warmth spreading down her legs before she could stop it, soaking through her robes and pooling on the stone floor beneath her.

For a moment, the world seemed to freeze.

Olivia wrenched her wrist free, her face burning with shame as she looked down at the evidence of her accident. Tears blurred her vision as she met Snape’s stunned gaze.

“I told you to let me go,” she choked out, her voice thick with humiliation and anger.

Snape opened his mouth, but no words came out. For once, he seemed completely at a loss, his usually stoic expression cracking under the weight of what had just happened.

Olivia didn’t wait for him to respond. She clutched her pouch tightly and bolted for the door, her breath hitching as tears streamed down her face.

###

The corridors were mercifully empty as she ran back to her quarters, her mind racing. She didn’t even stop to clean up; she just needed to get away, to put as much distance between herself and Snape as possible.

Once inside her quarters, she locked the door and collapsed onto the floor, her sobs breaking free. She felt exposed, vulnerable, and utterly humiliated.

She replayed the scene in her mind, Snape’s piercing gaze, his refusal to let her leave, the moment she lost control. She had never felt so powerless.

And yet, amid the tears and the shame, a small ember of anger flickered to life. He had pushed her too far.

This wasn’t over.

###

### Chapter Fourteen: Wounds and Whispers

Olivia sat curled up in the armchair by her fireplace, her knees drawn to her chest and her hands gripping a mug of tea she hadn’t touched. The room was quiet except for the occasional crackle of the flames, but her mind was anything but.

The humiliation of the day replayed in her head on an endless loop. The way Snape had looked at her when it happened, the stunned silence that had hung between them—it was unbearable. She had never felt so exposed, so vulnerable.

*How am I supposed to face him again?*

She shook her head, blinking back fresh tears. She’d spent years perfecting the art of hiding her condition, of managing her accidents with dignity and discretion. And in one terrible moment, Snape had ripped that control away from her.

She didn’t bother attending her remaining classes. She couldn’t. The thought of walking into a classroom, of standing in front of students while knowing what had happened—it was too much. She had sent a note to Professor McGonagall, vaguely citing an “illness” as the reason for her absence, and stayed locked in her quarters instead.

But the real question loomed over her like a storm cloud: What would she do tomorrow?

###

In the dungeons, Snape sat at his desk long after the last class had ended, his quill hovering over a stack of essays he hadn’t touched. His mind kept drifting back to the incident with Olivia, replaying every detail with startling clarity.

Her flushed face, the way her voice had trembled when she begged him to let her go, the panic in her eyes just before it happened. And then, the moment itself—how she had stood there, tears welling up as she lost control.

His chest tightened at the memory, and he pressed his lips into a thin line, trying to push the thoughts away. But they refused to be banished.

What disturbed him wasn’t the incident itself—he had seen students lose control in various ways before, whether from fear, embarrassment, or stress. No, what unsettled him was his own reaction to it.

When it happened, he hadn’t felt disgust or disdain. Instead, he’d felt something entirely unexpected: an ache in his chest, an unexplainable pull toward her vulnerability.

And worse, a flicker of… attraction.

Snape leaned back in his chair, his fingers steepled as he stared into the dimly lit room. The thought was absurd. He had spent years building walls around himself, cultivating an image of impenetrable control. Yet something about Olivia’s raw, unfiltered humanity—her loss of control in front of him—had struck a chord he didn’t want to acknowledge.

He could still hear her voice, laced with anger and humiliation: *“I told you to let me go.”*

For the first time in years, he felt… guilty. He hadn’t intended to push her to that point, but he had. And now, he couldn’t shake the memory of her teary eyes and trembling voice.

*Pull yourself together, Severus,* he scolded himself. This was not the time to be entertaining such foolish thoughts. She was his intern, his subordinate, and he had no business feeling anything toward her beyond professional irritation.

Still, he found himself wondering if she was all right.

###

Back in her quarters, Olivia finally forced herself to move. She set her untouched mug on the side table and stood, her legs unsteady beneath her. She needed to do something, anything, to distract herself from the storm raging in her head.

She began unpacking the last of her belongings, pulling books and personal items from her trunk and arranging them on the shelves. Her hands worked mechanically, her mind still spinning.

At one point, she paused to glance at her reflection in the mirror. Her red curls were disheveled, her face pale, and her blue eyes rimmed with red from crying. She barely recognized herself.

“Get it together, Olivia,” she muttered, brushing her hair back from her face.

But no matter how much she tried to focus on mundane tasks, the memory of the day’s events lingered like a shadow. And beneath the humiliation and anger, a question gnawed at her: Why hadn’t Snape let her go?

Was it sheer stubbornness? A need to prove his dominance? Or was there something else beneath his cold exterior?

She shook her head, dismissing the thought. It didn’t matter. What mattered was finding a way to face him tomorrow without falling apart.

Olivia set her jaw, determination replacing the shame that had been weighing her down. She would not let Severus Snape—or anyone else—define her.

###

Meanwhile, in his quarters, Snape poured himself a glass of firewhisky, hoping to drown the lingering thoughts of Olivia Black and the unsettling feelings she stirred in him.

But as he stared into the amber liquid, he found himself wondering: Why had her vulnerability moved him so deeply? And why, even now, did the memory of her tear-streaked face make his heart ache in a way he couldn’t explain?

He took a long sip, his expression unreadable as he stared into the flickering flames of his fireplace.

Tomorrow would come soon enough. And with it, the question of whether things between him and Olivia could ever return to normal.

###

That's all for now. Please let me know if you want the rest, I'd appreciate it.

*009*2025-01-25 01:31

I'm still waiting for my posts with the story to be approved.

*012*2025-02-03 19:07

### Chapter Fifteen: The Silent Treatment

The next morning, Olivia steeled herself as she prepared for the day. Her routine was mechanical, deliberate—a way to keep her mind off what had happened. She chose a fresh set of robes, tied her hair back into a loose bun, and made sure her pouch was securely in her bag this time.

*Today will be fine,* she told herself, though her stomach churned at the thought of seeing Snape again. She couldn’t avoid him forever, but she could keep things strictly professional.

When she entered the Great Hall for breakfast, the usual hum of chatter surrounded her. Olivia kept her gaze fixed on her plate as she took her seat at the far end of the staff table, far enough from Snape that she wouldn’t have to acknowledge him.

“Good morning, Olivia!” Hagrid greeted warmly, his booming voice cutting through her thoughts.

“Morning, Hagrid,” she replied with a small smile, grateful for his kindness.

Across the table, Professor McGonagall gave her a nod, but her sharp eyes seemed to linger on Olivia a moment longer than usual. Olivia knew the older witch was perceptive, but she wasn’t about to let anyone pry.

She ate quickly, barely tasting the food, and excused herself before Snape even entered the hall.

###

By the time Potions class rolled around, Olivia had managed to maintain her composure. She stood at the front of the room, arms crossed, her expression carefully neutral as the students filed in.

Snape entered moments later, his dark robes billowing behind him. He cast her a glance, but she didn’t meet his gaze. Instead, she busied herself with organizing the ingredients for today’s lesson, focusing intently on the task at hand.

“Today, we’ll be brewing a calming drought,” Snape announced, his voice slicing through the room like a knife. “The instructions are on the board. Begin.”

Olivia moved among the students, her tone clipped but encouraging as she checked their work. She corrected a Gryffindor who had mismeasured their valerian root and offered quiet praise to a Ravenclaw who had achieved the perfect consistency in their potion.

She avoided Snape entirely, keeping her focus on the students.

###

As the lesson ended, Snape dismissed the students with his usual curt efficiency. Olivia began cleaning up the workstations, still refusing to acknowledge him.

“Ms. Black,” his voice came from behind her, low and firm.

She froze for a moment, then resumed wiping down the counter. “What?” she asked, her tone icy.

“We need to talk.”

“I have nothing to say to you,” she replied, keeping her back to him.

Snape moved closer, his presence looming. “What happened yesterday cannot be ignored. I—”

“I said I have nothing to say,” she interrupted, spinning around to face him. Her blue eyes were cold, her jaw set.

His gaze softened slightly, almost imperceptibly. “Olivia—”

“No,” she cut him off again, her voice rising. “You don’t get to do this. Not after what you did.”

Snape’s face hardened, his usual mask of indifference slipping back into place. “This is about professionalism. You cannot—”

“Professionalism?” she scoffed, her laugh bitter. “You humiliated me. You refused to listen to me when I told you I needed to leave. That’s not professionalism, Professor Snape—that’s cruelty.”

Snape opened his mouth to respond, but she shook her head, cutting him off once more. “I have nothing else to say to you.”

Before he could stop her, she brushed past him, her pace brisk as she headed for the door.

“Ms. Black,” he called after her, his tone sharper now.

But she didn’t look back.

###

Olivia spent the rest of the day avoiding Snape entirely. She threw herself into her work with the other classes, offering her assistance to Professors Sprout and Flitwick when she wasn’t teaching. She forced herself to smile, to engage with the students, to pretend everything was fine.

But beneath the surface, the weight of what had happened still pressed down on her. Every time she thought about Snape—his cold, piercing gaze, his refusal to let her go—it sent a fresh wave of anger and humiliation crashing over her.

She didn’t know how she was going to keep working with him, but one thing was certain: she wasn’t going to let him see how much he had affected her.

###

Meanwhile, Snape sat alone in his office, staring at the stack of essays on his desk without really seeing them. Her words echoed in his mind: *“You humiliated me. You refused to listen.”*

For once, he didn’t have a rebuttal.

###

### Chapter Sixteen: Secrets in the Shadows

The air in the Potions classroom was thick with the heady aroma of simmering ingredients and the quiet murmur of students discussing their assignments. Olivia stood at the side of the room, moving between tables to check on the students’ progress, her blue eyes scanning each cauldron with practiced precision.

Snape loomed near the front, his arms crossed and his expression as impassive as ever. He appeared focused on the lesson, but his gaze would occasionally flicker to Olivia. Specifically, to the small leather bag slung over her shoulder.

She never went anywhere without it. That much was clear. Even when she moved around the room, the bag stayed close, resting on her hip or hanging on the back of her chair. Snape’s curiosity had grown over the past few days, and now it gnawed at him.

“Ms. Black,” he said suddenly, his silky voice cutting through the quiet.

Olivia glanced up, her auburn curls bouncing slightly as she turned to face him. “Yes, Professor?”

“Do tell,” he began, his tone dripping with condescension, “what is so valuable in that bag of yours that you carry it as if your life depends on it?”

The students stilled, their eyes darting between the two professors. Olivia’s cheeks flushed, and her fingers instinctively gripped the strap of her bag.

“That,” she said sharply, “is none of your concern.”

Snape’s lips curved into a faint smirk. “Ah, a mystery, then. How very intriguing.”

“Or,” Olivia shot back, her tone biting, “you could simply mind your own business.”

A few students exchanged wide-eyed glances, and one stifled a laugh. Olivia ignored them, her heart pounding in her chest. She hated how easily he got under her skin, how his words could make her feel both furious and exposed.

###

As the lesson continued, Olivia tried to focus on the students’ work, but her body betrayed her. The tension from Snape’s remark, combined with the lingering embarrassment from their previous confrontation, made her bladder feel uncomfortably full.

She shifted her weight from one foot to the other, trying to ignore the growing pressure. But as she leaned over a student’s cauldron to correct their stirring technique, her body gave out.

A warmth spread between her legs, and she froze, her breath catching in her throat. *Not now. Please, not now.*

Her pullup absorbed the accident, but the humiliation burned all the same. She straightened quickly, her face hot, and murmured an excuse.

“I’ll be back shortly. Carry on,” she said, her voice tight as she headed for the door.

Snape’s eyes followed her as she left, his expression unreadable.

###

When Olivia returned, she felt calmer, more composed. Her bag was still sitting on her chair, but as she approached, she noticed something odd. The flap wasn’t fully closed.

Her heart skipped a beat. She quickly snatched up the bag and secured it, glancing around the room to see if anyone had noticed.

Snape’s dark eyes were fixed on her, and for a moment, she thought she saw a flicker of… something in his gaze. Curiosity? Amusement? She couldn’t tell.

“Did you enjoy your little excursion, Ms. Black?” he asked smoothly.

Olivia shot him a glare. “Yes, thank you.”

As she turned away, Snape’s mind raced. He hadn’t meant to glance inside her bag, but when it had been left slightly open, his eyes had been drawn to it. And unless his imagination was playing tricks on him, he thought he’d seen something unexpected.

A package of pullups.

The realization sent an unfamiliar flutter through his chest, something he couldn’t quite name. He frowned, shaking his head as if to dispel the thought. It didn’t make sense, and yet…

He watched Olivia as she resumed her duties, her shoulders tense but her movements confident.

For reasons he didn’t fully understand, the image of her vulnerability—the knowledge that she carried such a secret with her—stayed with him.

And for the first time, Severus Snape found himself genuinely curious about the woman who had so thoroughly disrupted his orderly world.

###

### Chapter Seventeen: Observations and Obsessions

Severus Snape prided himself on his keen observational skills. It was one of the many tools in his arsenal as a teacher and as a former spy. He noticed everything—every flicker of unease, every errant glance, every slight movement. And lately, his sharp eyes had been focused on Olivia Black.

She thought she was subtle, and to most, she probably was. But Snape saw the patterns. The slight shift in her posture when she stood too long in one place. The way she clutched her bag tightly whenever she left the room unexpectedly. How her voice would quicken, her tone clipped and distracted, as though she were fighting some internal struggle.

At first, he’d dismissed these observations as incidental quirks, nothing more. But the moment he’d glimpsed what was inside her bag, everything clicked into place.

*Pullups.*

The realization should have been met with indifference, perhaps even mild disdain. Yet, to Snape’s utter confusion, he found himself… intrigued. There was something oddly captivating about her vulnerability, her careful attempts to maintain composure. And, against all logic, he found it strangely—disconcertingly—attractive.

He began to watch her more closely, his sharp mind piecing together the puzzle. He noted the precise moments her demeanor would shift: the way her movements became stiffer, her shoulders tightening as though she were bracing herself. How she would glance toward the door, her hand instinctively brushing her bag before excusing herself.

It became a game in his mind, a challenge to pinpoint the exact second she reached her breaking point.

###

During their next class together, Snape stood at his usual post at the front of the room, his dark eyes scanning the students with practiced indifference. But his attention wasn’t on them—it was on Olivia.

She was moving between tables, her voice calm and authoritative as she corrected a Slytherin student’s potion technique. Her red curls glinted in the dim dungeon light, and despite his best efforts, Snape’s gaze lingered on her.

She seemed fine at first, her posture confident, her movements fluid. But as the lesson progressed, he noticed the telltale signs. A slight shift in her weight. A brief pause as she adjusted the strap of her bag. The faintest crease in her brow as she glanced at the clock.

*There it is,* he thought, his lips twitching in something that might have been amusement.

By the time she excused herself, Snape was certain. He watched her go, her steps brisk but not hurried, her bag clutched tightly at her side.

He should have felt smug for unraveling her secret, but instead, a strange warmth bloomed in his chest. There was something deeply human about her struggle, about the way she carried herself with dignity despite the challenges she faced.

And, much to his annoyance, it made her even more attractive in his eyes.

###

Olivia, of course, was completely oblivious to Snape’s observations. She was too focused on managing her condition, on ensuring that no one—especially him—would ever discover her secret.

As she returned to the classroom, she felt a renewed sense of control. Her pullup was fresh, her bag securely closed, and she was ready to finish the lesson.

“Welcome back, Ms. Black,” Snape drawled as she entered. His tone was neutral, but she thought she caught a flicker of amusement in his dark eyes.

“Thank you, Professor,” she replied curtly, brushing past him.

Snape’s gaze followed her, his mind buzzing with thoughts he couldn’t quite sort out. He didn’t understand why her condition fascinated him so much, why the sight of her vulnerability made his heart race.

All he knew was that Olivia Black was becoming a distraction he couldn’t ignore.

### Chapter Eighteen: Unspoken Truths

The dungeons were quiet, save for the faint drip of water from some unseen crevice. The final class of the day had ended, and Olivia stood at her desk, sorting through parchment and ingredients with mechanical efficiency. She wanted to get to her quarters and retreat from the lingering tension that had hung between her and Snape all day.

“Ms. Black,” Snape’s voice drawled from behind her, low and measured.

She stiffened but didn’t turn around. “Yes, Professor?”

“I believe it’s time we had a… proper discussion about the other day.”

Her hands froze mid-motion, gripping a bundle of parchment. She didn’t need to ask what he meant; she knew. She drew a steadying breath and forced herself to continue organizing. “I don’t see the point, Professor. It’s over.”

Snape stepped closer, his dark robes rustling softly. “It is not ‘over.’ I believe you made that abundantly clear by storming out of my classroom and refusing to engage with me since.”

“I had every right to leave,” she replied, her voice tight. “And I’m fine now. There’s nothing more to discuss.”

His patience, already thin, snapped. “You’re ‘fine’? You humiliated yourself, and I—” He cut himself off, his tone softening as he added, “I overstepped. I regret it.”

That made her pause. Slowly, she turned to face him, her blue eyes wary.

“Did I hear that right?” she asked, her tone laced with disbelief. “Are you… apologizing?”

Snape’s jaw tightened. “In my own way, yes.”

“Well, that’s lovely,” she said with a humorless laugh, “but it doesn’t change anything. I don’t want to talk about it, Severus.”

Her use of his first name startled him, but he recovered quickly. “And yet it hangs between us like a specter. You cannot simply bury it and hope it fades away.”

“Watch me,” she snapped, her temper flaring.

Snape’s irritation grew. He loathed her ability to deflect, to dismiss his attempts at resolution. “You’re a fool if you think this can be ignored. I know you better than that, Olivia.”

“No, you don’t!” she shot back, her voice trembling with frustration. “You think you do, but you don’t know anything about me!”

His dark eyes narrowed, and a dangerous edge crept into his voice. “I know what’s in that bag you guard so fiercely.”

The words landed like a thunderclap.

Her breath caught, and her face drained of color. For a moment, she stood frozen, staring at him in stunned silence.

“You… you don’t,” she whispered, but the crack in her voice betrayed her.

Snape’s lips curved into the faintest smirk, though his expression was more thoughtful than cruel. “Don’t I?”

Her gasp broke the silence, and before she could think, her hand flew up, striking his cheek with a sharp slap.

The sound echoed through the empty classroom, both of them frozen in the aftermath. Olivia’s hand trembled as she lowered it, her heart pounding in her chest.

“How dare you,” she whispered, her voice choked with fury and humiliation.

Snape’s expression remained impassive, though a faint red mark bloomed on his pale cheek. “Perhaps I overstepped again,” he said coldly, his voice laced with sarcasm.

She glared at him, her blue eyes blazing with unshed tears. Without another word, she grabbed her bag and stormed out of the room, her footsteps echoing down the stone corridor.

###

Snape stood alone, the sting on his cheek barely registering. He touched the spot where she’d struck him, his fingers lingering for a moment before falling to his side.

He should have been furious, but all he felt was a strange mix of regret and intrigue.

“Fascinating,” he murmured to himself, though the word tasted bitter.

Olivia Black had managed to unravel him in ways no one else ever had. And he wasn’t sure he liked it.

###

### Chapter Nineteen: A Locked Room Confrontation

Severus Snape was not a man prone to obsession—or so he told himself. Yet Olivia Black consumed his thoughts, her defiance and vulnerability replaying in his mind like an unsolvable riddle. The sting of her slap lingered less than the fire in her eyes, a spark that both challenged and intrigued him.

He had tried, in his own way, to bridge the widening chasm between them. Offering extra help during lessons, softening his typically sharp critiques, even going so far as to assign himself to tasks that would keep him near her. But Olivia met each effort with icy distance.

It was infuriating. And unacceptable.

###

That evening, as the last of the students filed out of the Potions classroom, Olivia moved to gather her things. Snape stood at his desk, watching her with an intensity that made the air feel heavy.

“Ms. Black,” he said sharply as she moved toward the door.

She didn’t stop. “Goodnight, Professor.”

Snape’s patience snapped. With a flick of his wand, the heavy classroom door slammed shut, the metallic clunk of the lock echoing through the room.

Olivia froze, her bag clutched tightly to her side. Slowly, she turned to face him.

“What are you doing?” she demanded, her voice low and dangerous.

“We are going to talk,” he said, his tone brooking no argument. “And neither of us is leaving until we’ve resolved this.”

Her eyes narrowed. “Unlock the door, Severus.”

“No.”

Olivia’s heart pounded, a mix of fury and anxiety bubbling in her chest. “You can’t keep me here!”

“Clearly, I can.” He gestured toward the locked door. “And I will, until you stop being so insufferably stubborn.”

Her fingers tightened on the strap of her bag. “You’re out of your mind.”

Snape took a step closer, his black robes billowing. “Perhaps, but I refuse to let this… tension between us continue to disrupt my classroom. You will explain yourself, or we will remain here indefinitely.”

Her stomach twisted, and not just from his words. The pressure in her bladder had been building steadily during the lesson, and now the added stress made it nearly unbearable.

“I can’t do this right now,” she said, her voice strained. “Please, let me go.”

“Not until you tell me why you insist on avoiding this conversation.”

“I don’t owe you an explanation!” she snapped, taking a step back.

Snape’s eyes narrowed. “Oh, but you do. Your behavior has been erratic, disruptive—”

“I’m disruptive?” she cut him off, her voice trembling with anger. “You humiliated me, Severus! You violated my privacy and then made it worse with your snide comments!”

He flinched at the raw emotion in her voice, but he held his ground. “And I’ve tried to apologize, but you refuse to listen. What more do you want from me?”

Olivia’s body stiffened as a sudden warmth spread between her legs. Panic flooded her mind as she realized she couldn’t hold back any longer.

“I need to leave,” she said, her voice breaking.

“Why?” Snape demanded, his dark eyes searching hers. “Why are you so desperate to run every time we have a disagreement?”

She shook her head, tears prickling at the corners of her eyes. “Please, just let me go.”

“Not until you tell me why,” he said firmly, taking another step closer.

Her composure shattered. “Because I can’t do this right now, Severus!” she cried.

Snape’s gaze dropped to the floor, and his sharp eyes caught the faintest sign—a glisten of wetness on the stone beneath her. Understanding dawned, his chest tightening.

“Olivia…” His voice was softer now, laced with something she couldn’t place.

“Don’t,” she whispered, her face burning with shame. “I told you to let me go.”

Her trembling hand reached for her bag, but she couldn’t meet his eyes. She wanted to disappear, to escape the unbearable weight of his gaze.

Snape’s throat tightened as he watched her, a strange mix of guilt and fascination stirring within him. Slowly, he took a step back, his wand lowering.

The door unlocked with a soft click.

“You’re free to go,” he said, his voice quiet.

Olivia didn’t hesitate. She grabbed her bag and rushed out, the sound of her footsteps echoing down the corridor.

Snape stood alone in the silent classroom, his heart heavy with conflicting emotions. He had seen the depth of her vulnerability, and instead of repulsion, he felt something far more dangerous.

Something he couldn’t ignore.

### Chapter Twenty: A Meeting in Shadows

The air in Severus Snape’s office was thick with the earthy scent of old parchment and brewing ingredients. The soft glow of candlelight illuminated the dark, cluttered space, casting long shadows on the stone walls. Olivia sat stiffly in the chair opposite his desk, her hands folded in her lap, her gaze fixed firmly on a stack of papers in front of her.

“Thank you for agreeing to meet,” Snape said, his voice low and measured. He leaned back in his chair, studying her with his signature intensity.

“I didn’t think I had much of a choice,” Olivia replied, her tone clipped. She avoided looking directly at him, her focus instead darting to the bookshelves, the bubbling cauldron in the corner—anywhere but at the man in front of her.

“Work is work,” she added, trying to sound unaffected.

“Indeed,” Snape murmured. He reached into a cabinet, retrieving a dusty bottle of deep red wine and two small glasses. Without asking, he poured the wine, sliding one glass toward her.

Olivia blinked at the unexpected gesture. “What’s this?”

“A peace offering,” he said simply, lifting his own glass and taking a measured sip.

She hesitated, her fingers hovering over the stem of the glass. “I don’t think wine is going to fix anything, Severus.”

“Perhaps not,” he said, his tone dry. “But it may make this conversation slightly more tolerable.”

Her lips twitched, but she quickly smoothed her expression. Reluctantly, she took a small sip of the wine, its warmth spreading through her chest.

“So,” she said, setting the glass down, “what exactly are we planning?”

“The remaining assignments before the Christmas break,” Snape replied, his tone all business. “I suggest we keep the focus on practical application. The students have a tendency to forget theoretical knowledge over the holidays.”

Olivia nodded, grateful for the shift to a professional topic. “Agreed. Perhaps we could assign a project that requires them to brew a potion over the break and document the process?”

“Ambitious,” Snape said, his dark eyes gleaming. “But it could work. The eighth years, at least, should be capable of managing such a task.”

They fell into a rhythm, discussing details and drafting instructions for the assignments. For a moment, the tension between them seemed to ease, replaced by the familiar camaraderie of two colleagues working toward a common goal.

But as the conversation wound down, Snape leaned back in his chair, his glass of wine nearly empty. His gaze lingered on Olivia, his expression unreadable.

“You know,” he began, his voice quieter now, “I understand why you’ve been avoiding me.”

Her body tensed. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

His lips curved into a faint smirk. “Don’t play coy, Olivia. I see more than you realize. I always have.”

Her heart raced, but she forced herself to meet his gaze. “If you have something to say, Severus, just say it.”

He studied her for a long moment, his dark eyes searching hers. “You think your… condition makes you weak. That it’s something to be hidden at all costs.”

Olivia’s breath caught, her cheeks flushing. “I don’t—”

“But it doesn’t bother me,” he interrupted, his tone firm. “Not in the slightest.”

She stared at him, her mouth opening and closing as she tried to process his words. “Why… why would you say that?”

“Because it’s the truth,” he said simply, setting his glass down. “I’ve seen how you handle yourself, the dignity you carry despite your challenges. It’s admirable.”

“Admirable?” she repeated, her voice thick with disbelief. “You humiliated me, Severus. You made me feel small in front of your class, and now you’re saying this?”

“I made a mistake,” he admitted, his voice softer now. “And I regret it. Deeply.”

Olivia’s throat tightened, her emotions swirling in a confusing mix of anger, embarrassment, and something else—something she wasn’t ready to name.

“You don’t know me as well as you think you do,” she said, her voice trembling.

“I know more than you believe,” Snape replied, his gaze unwavering.

For a moment, the room was silent, the tension between them palpable. Then Olivia stood, grabbing her bag and slinging it over her shoulder.

“This conversation is over,” she said, her voice firm.

“Olivia—”

“No,” she cut him off, her blue eyes blazing. “Whatever it is you’re trying to do, just stop. You don’t get to dictate how I feel or how I handle my life.”

With that, she turned and strode out of the room, leaving Snape alone with his thoughts.

He watched the door close behind her, a flicker of frustration crossing his face.

But beneath the frustration, something deeper stirred—a feeling he couldn’t quite name, but one he knew he couldn’t ignore.

###

### Chapter Twenty-One: A Tense Encounter

The late afternoon sunlight slanted through the high windows of the Potions classroom, casting long, golden shadows across the rows of wooden desks. Olivia stood at the front, hunched over a workstation as she prepared ingredients for the next day’s lessons. Her movements were methodical, almost mechanical, as she diced valerian root with practiced precision.

The sound of the door creaking open sent a shiver down her spine. She didn’t need to turn around to know who it was.

“Miss Black,” Snape’s deep voice cut through the silence like a blade.

Her jaw tightened, but she didn’t stop working. “What do you want, Severus?” she asked without looking up.

“I was under the impression this was still my classroom,” he replied smoothly, his footsteps echoing as he approached.

Olivia sighed, finally straightening and turning to face him. “It’s after hours. Surely you can’t begrudge me a bit of preparation for tomorrow’s lessons.”

“Preparation is not the issue,” Snape said, his black eyes narrowing. “But your tendency to linger where you’re not needed may be.”

She crossed her arms over her chest, meeting his gaze with a defiant glare. “I didn’t realize my work ethic was such a problem for you.”

“It’s not your work ethic I question,” he retorted, his voice laced with sarcasm.

Olivia’s temper flared, but she forced herself to stay calm. “If you have something to say, Severus, just say it.”

He studied her for a long moment, his dark eyes inscrutable. “Your behavior as of late has been… erratic,” he said finally. “Distracted, unfocused.”

Her hands clenched into fists at her sides. “If I’m distracted, it’s because you’ve made this place unbearable,” she shot back.

Snape’s eyes flickered with something she couldn’t quite name—surprise? Annoyance? Amusement? Whatever it was, it only fueled her anger.

“You presume to blame me for your shortcomings?” he asked, his tone dangerously soft.

“I presume to hold you accountable for being a miserable, overbearing tyrant,” Olivia snapped before she could stop herself.

The silence that followed was deafening.

Snape’s expression darkened, and he took a step closer, his towering presence intimidating even in the open classroom. “You will watch your tone,” he said, his voice low and menacing.

Olivia held her ground, though her heart pounded in her chest. “Or what?” she challenged, her blue eyes blazing.

Their standoff stretched for what felt like an eternity, the tension between them almost palpable. Finally, Snape exhaled sharply, his lips curling into a disdainful sneer.

“You are insufferable,” he muttered, turning away and stalking toward his desk.

“And you’re impossible!” Olivia called after him, her voice shaking with anger.

He stopped but didn’t turn around. “If you’re quite finished,” he said coldly, “I suggest you leave. I have work to do, and your presence is… distracting.”

Olivia bristled at the jab but knew better than to push him further. She grabbed her bag and slung it over her shoulder, her movements jerky with frustration.

“Gladly,” she said, her voice dripping with sarcasm.

She stormed out of the classroom, her footsteps echoing in the empty corridor. As she walked, her anger began to give way to exhaustion, the weight of the encounter settling heavily on her shoulders.

###

Back in his office, Snape sat at his desk, staring at the parchment in front of him but seeing none of the words. His mind was still on Olivia, replaying their heated exchange in vivid detail.

She was infuriating, yes—but there was something else. Something about her fire, her unyielding spirit, that he couldn’t ignore.

With a frustrated sigh, he leaned back in his chair and pinched the bridge of his nose. Whatever it was about Olivia Black that got under his skin, he would have to figure it out—and soon.

Because ignoring it was no longer an option.

### Chapter Twenty-Two: Silent Observations

The classroom was abuzz with the low hum of students brewing their potions, cauldrons bubbling and soft whispers of conversation punctuating the air. Olivia stood at the front of the room, her posture rigid as she observed the students’ progress. She was determined to maintain focus today, even with Severus Snape pacing the rows with his signature scowl.

She had been avoiding him since their last encounter, keeping her responses short and professional, refusing to engage beyond the necessities of teaching. Snape, for his part, seemed content to let her simmer, though his sharp eyes missed nothing.

“Miss Black,” Snape’s voice broke through her thoughts, startling her slightly. “Do remind the class of the importance of precise measurements. Some seem intent on reducing this room to rubble.”

Olivia shot him a look but nodded, addressing the students. “You heard him. Precise measurements, people. Unless you want to explain to Madam Pomfrey why you’re covered in boils.”

A few students chuckled nervously, and Olivia’s lips twitched in a faint smile. But her moment of levity was short-lived.

As she moved toward the back of the room to check on a pair of struggling students, Olivia felt a familiar, unwelcome sensation. Her breath hitched, and panic clawed at her chest. Not now, she thought desperately.

She paused, trying to compose herself, but the telltale warmth spread, and she knew it was too late. She quickly shifted her posture, tightening her legs together and forcing a neutral expression onto her face. She couldn’t afford to let anyone notice—not here, not in front of him.

But Snape was watching.

From his vantage point at the front of the room, he had noticed the slight stiffening of her movements, the way her shoulders tensed and her gaze darted briefly downward. To anyone else, it might have seemed insignificant, but to Snape, who had been quietly studying Olivia for weeks, it spoke volumes.

His eyes narrowed, and he leaned slightly against the desk, pretending to inspect a parchment while his attention remained fixed on her. He couldn’t say why he was so attuned to her every move, but something about her vulnerability fascinated him.

It wasn’t just the way she carried herself with such determination despite her struggles—it was the way she fought to hide them, to maintain control in a world that seemed determined to challenge her at every turn.

He watched as she subtly adjusted her bag, angling it against her side as if to shield herself. The students around her were too focused on their cauldrons to notice anything amiss, but Snape saw it all.

When Olivia excused herself a moment later, her voice steady but her steps hurried, Snape felt an unexpected pang of something he couldn’t quite identify. Concern? Curiosity?

Once the door closed behind her, his mind wandered. If he were honest with himself, he would admit that he admired her resilience. But more than that, he wanted to understand her. To know why she built such thick walls around herself, and why the cracks in those walls drew him in like a moth to flame.

###

When Olivia returned to the classroom, her face was composed, but there was a tightness around her eyes that betrayed her. She avoided Snape’s gaze entirely, focusing instead on helping a student whose potion had turned an alarming shade of green.

Snape allowed her the space, though his mind was far from focused on the lesson at hand.

He had thought about apologizing before, but now the idea seemed imperative. He didn’t want to simply mend the rift between them; he wanted to earn her trust. And he knew that wouldn’t happen with vague gestures or empty words. He would have to find the right moment, the right way to show her that he saw her—not just her strength, but her struggles, too.

As the class came to an end and the students filed out, Snape lingered by the door, his dark eyes tracking Olivia as she gathered her things.

“Miss Black,” he said quietly, his tone softer than usual.

She glanced at him briefly, her expression guarded. “Yes?”

But the words he wanted to say didn’t come. Instead, he gave a curt nod, stepping aside to let her pass.

Olivia hesitated for a moment, her blue eyes searching his face for something she couldn’t name. Then, with a small sigh, she walked past him and out into the corridor.

Snape watched her go, his thoughts a tangled web of frustration and resolve. If he could just find the right way to break through her defenses, perhaps he could finally understand the woman who had so thoroughly captivated him.

###

### Chapter Twenty-Three: A Game of Wits

The day had been long, and Olivia was more than ready to retreat to her quarters for a quiet evening alone. Her bag, as always, was slung over her shoulder, the weight of it both reassuring and grounding. She had no plans to linger in the teachers’ lounge, but she had left a few scrolls there earlier in the day and needed to retrieve them before calling it a night.

The lounge was empty when she arrived, the soft crackle of the fireplace the only sound in the room. She set her bag down on the nearest table and began gathering her things, mentally running through tomorrow’s lessons.

What she didn’t notice was the silent figure slipping into the room moments after her, his black robes blending seamlessly with the dim shadows.

Snape watched her for a moment, his expression inscrutable. She was muttering something to herself as she arranged the scrolls in her arms, oblivious to his presence. His dark eyes flicked to her bag, sitting vulnerable and unattended on the table. A flick of his wand, and it disappeared into the folds of his robes before she even turned around.

He stepped back into the corridor, his lips curving into the faintest hint of a smirk.

###

When Olivia returned to her quarters and reached for her bag, her heart sank. It wasn’t there.

Panic began to set in as she mentally retraced her steps. She was certain she had it in the teachers’ lounge—but had she left it behind? Or worse, had someone taken it?

The thought of anyone discovering what was inside made her stomach churn. She needed to find it, and fast.

###

She stormed back to the lounge, her heart pounding in her chest. When she pushed the door open, she stopped short, her breath catching in her throat.

Snape was standing by the fireplace, her bag dangling casually from his hand.

“Looking for this?” he drawled, his tone laced with amusement.

Olivia’s cheeks burned. “Where did you—why do you have my bag?” she demanded, striding toward him.

“I found it,” he said smoothly, holding it out to her. “You really should be more careful with your belongings, Miss Black.”

She snatched it from his hand, her irritation clear. “I didn’t misplace it,” she snapped. “You took it.”

Snape raised an eyebrow, his expression one of mock innocence. “Accusing me of theft, are we? How very bold of you.”

Olivia glared at him, her blue eyes blazing. “You’re impossible.”

“And you’re predictable,” he shot back, his gaze sharp as he studied her face. “Running back here the moment you realized it was gone. I suppose that bag is rather important to you.”

Her heart raced, and not just from anger. The way he was looking at her—intense, unrelenting—made her feel exposed, as if he could see right through her.

“I don’t have time for your games, Severus,” she said, her voice trembling slightly as she turned to leave.

But as she moved to step past him, her body betrayed her. The stress of the moment, combined with the intensity of his gaze, caused her to lose the tenuous control she had been holding onto. Warmth spread between her legs, and she froze, her breath catching in her throat.

Snape noticed.

He said nothing at first, but his dark eyes flicked downward, then back up to her face. His expression was unreadable, but Olivia thought she saw the corner of his mouth twitch, as if he were suppressing a smile.

“Something wrong, Miss Black?” he asked, his voice deceptively calm.

She shook her head quickly, clutching her bag tighter against her side. “Nothing,” she said, her voice tight.

Snape’s smirk deepened. “You’re rather flustered,” he remarked, his tone almost teasing. “Don’t tell me you’re catching feelings.”

Olivia’s eyes widened, and she felt heat rush to her face. “You’re unbelievable,” she snapped, pushing past him and storming out of the room.

Snape watched her go, a mixture of amusement and intrigue flickering in his dark eyes. There was something about her, something he couldn’t quite put into words. And he had a feeling he wasn’t done unraveling the mystery of Olivia Black.

###

