Head Over Heels - A Snape Love Story

Author: WolfieO

*013*2025-02-03 19:13

### Chapter Twenty-Four: Unraveling Thoughts

The castle was quiet in the late evening hours, the halls lit by the soft glow of enchanted torches. Olivia sat in her quarters, staring at the flickering flames in her fireplace as her thoughts swirled in a chaotic mess.

Why did Severus Snape seem so interested in her? Why did he keep pressing, making comments that felt like needles under her skin? Did he know about her condition? The idea made her stomach twist with anxiety.

She clutched a cup of tea in her hands, seeking its warmth to steady herself. **Surely, he couldn’t know the full extent,** she thought. But the way he looked at her, the snide remarks he made—it was like he saw through every carefully constructed wall she had built over the years.

She was used to people teasing her in subtle ways. She had learned long ago to let most comments slide off her back, but this was different. With Snape, every word, every glance, seemed targeted, deliberate. She wasn’t sure if he was trying to be cruel or if he was simply... curious.

Her chest tightened at the thought of him mocking her. **What if he’s doing this to humiliate me?** The idea sent a wave of shame coursing through her, and she set the tea down before her trembling hands could spill it.

And yet... there was another part of her, quieter but persistent, that didn’t believe he was being cruel. There had been moments—fleeting, almost imperceptible—where she thought she saw something softer in his gaze. Something that hinted he wasn’t teasing out of malice but rather an inexplicable fascination.

The realization made her heart ache. Because no matter his intentions, there was one undeniable truth: **she had feelings for him.**

It wasn’t just his intellect, though she admired his sharp mind and mastery of magic. It wasn’t just his commanding presence, though that alone was enough to make her pulse quicken. It was the way he carried himself with a quiet strength, the way he seemed to understand loneliness in a way few people could.

But feelings didn’t change facts.

Olivia glanced at her bag sitting on the edge of her bed, the weight of its contents a constant reminder of her reality. Her condition was a part of her life—a part she had spent years managing in silence. It had shaped who she was, forced her to be resilient and resourceful. But it was also a source of deep shame, a secret she guarded fiercely.

How could someone like Severus Snape ever understand that? How could he see her as anything other than the vulnerable, imperfect woman she was?

Her throat tightened as she imagined confessing her feelings to him, only for him to look at her with disdain. He wasn’t the type to mince words, and the thought of him rejecting her in his cold, cutting way made her chest ache.

“No,” she whispered to herself, shaking her head. “It would never work.”

Even if he wasn’t mocking her, even if there was a part of him that cared, her condition would always be a barrier. She couldn’t risk opening herself up to that kind of pain, couldn’t bear the thought of him looking at her differently if he ever knew the full truth.

And yet, no matter how much she tried to convince herself, the feelings wouldn’t go away. Every time she saw him, her heart raced. Every time he spoke to her, even when his words were biting, her pulse quickened.

Olivia sighed, leaning back in her chair and closing her eyes. She needed to get a grip. Tomorrow was another day, another round of lessons to prepare for. She would keep her distance, focus on her work, and bury these feelings deep where they couldn’t hurt her.

But as she sat there, the image of Snape’s dark eyes lingered in her mind, and no matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t shake the longing that had taken root in her heart.

###

### Chapter Twenty-Five: A Fragile Confession

The final lesson of the term had ended, and the castle buzzed with the energy of students eager for Christmas break. Olivia was packing away her materials in the Potions classroom when Snape approached her, his presence quiet but commanding as always.

"Miss Black," he began, his voice calm but firm. "I’d like to extend an invitation for dinner this evening. As colleagues, of course."

Olivia blinked, caught off guard. Dinner? With him? "Dinner?" she echoed, her tone uncertain.

Snape gave her a slight nod, his expression unreadable. "We still have one last matter to discuss before the break. Consider it... a professional courtesy. I insist, and I’ll pay."

There was no arguing with that tone, so Olivia reluctantly agreed.

###

The restaurant in Hogsmeade was cozy, its atmosphere warm and inviting. Snow fell gently outside, muffling the world beyond its frosted windows. Snape chose a secluded table in the corner, ensuring their conversation wouldn’t be overheard.

Olivia was stiff at first, her unease clear as she studied the menu. But after a glass of wine and some tentative conversation about their lesson plans, she began to relax.

"How are you finding the transition back to Hogwarts?" Snape asked, his dark eyes observing her closely over the rim of his glass.

"It’s... surreal," Olivia admitted, swirling her wine. "I never thought I’d be back here as a teacher, or, well, an intern."

"You’ve handled the challenges admirably," Snape said, surprising her with the hint of praise.

She glanced at him, searching his face for any sign of sarcasm. Finding none, she hesitated before offering a small smile. "Thank you."

But the easy moment was short-lived. As the conversation continued, Snape began steering it toward her.

"You’ve always had an air of secrecy about you," he remarked, his tone almost casual. "Even as a student."

Olivia stiffened, her grip on her wineglass tightening. "I don’t know what you mean."

Snape’s gaze was unrelenting. "I think you do."

Her heart pounded as she avoided his eyes, pretending to focus on her meal. "Why are you so interested?"

He leaned back slightly, his expression as unreadable as ever. "Because I’ve observed you, Olivia. I’ve noticed the moments when you freeze, the way you excuse yourself from lessons. It’s... curious."

Olivia’s chest tightened, and she set her glass down with a trembling hand. "It’s personal," she said quietly, her voice barely audible over the hum of the restaurant.

"I’m aware," he replied, his voice low but gentle. "That’s why I’m asking."

Something about his tone, his unwavering attention, made the dam inside her crack. She had been holding onto this secret for so long, and now, under the weight of his piercing gaze, it felt impossible to keep it locked away.

She took a deep breath, steeling herself. "I have a medical condition," she began, her voice shaking. "I’ve had it since I was a child. I can’t control... when I have accidents. It’s not something I can fix or cure. I manage it the best I can—with pullups."

Snape didn’t react immediately, which only made her more nervous. She braced herself for a snide remark, for teasing or judgment, but none came.

Instead, he leaned forward slightly, his dark eyes searching hers. "And the moments during lessons," he said carefully. "When you freeze... is that when it happens?"

Her throat tightened, and she nodded reluctantly. "Yes," she whispered.

He was quiet for a moment, his expression thoughtful. Olivia’s chest ached with the tension of waiting for him to say something, anything.

"Why do you want to know?" she finally asked, her voice breaking.

Snape’s gaze flicked to hers, something unreadable in his expression. "Because it doesn’t bother me," he said softly.

Olivia stared at him, her mind reeling. "What?"

He shook his head slightly, as if dismissing the conversation. "Perhaps we should continue this discussion elsewhere," he suggested, his tone measured. "My quarters, perhaps?"

She hesitated, unsure of his intentions but unable to deny her curiosity. After a long pause, she nodded, following him into the snowy night.

*014*2025-02-07 14:35

### Chapter Twenty-Six: Truths Unveiled

The warmth of the fire whiskey spread through Olivia's chest as she held the glass tightly in her hand. Snape’s quarters were dimly lit, the fire crackling softly in the hearth, casting flickering shadows across the room. She sat stiffly on the edge of the armchair, her nerves frayed from the unexpected intimacy of the evening.

Snape sat opposite her, his own glass in hand. His dark eyes were fixed on her, his expression unreadable but intense. Olivia was already regretting agreeing to this, but the fire whiskey in her veins gave her a semblance of courage she hadn’t felt in years.

He leaned forward slightly, his voice low and deliberate. "Olivia, if this is too much, you’re free to leave. But I’d like to ask you some questions."

Her stomach twisted, and she hesitated. Part of her wanted to bolt, to escape the vulnerability of this moment, but another part of her—a braver part—stayed rooted in her chair. She nodded slowly.

Snape set his glass down on the table between them. "Do you know when it’s going to happen?" he asked, his tone clinical but not unkind.

She blinked at him, her cheeks flushing. "Not always," she admitted, her voice barely above a whisper. "Sometimes I can tell, but other times… it just happens. I’ve learned to manage it as best I can."

"Manage it how?" he pressed, his gaze unwavering.

Her grip on the glass tightened. "By wearing… what I wear," she said, her voice shaking. "And by being careful. I plan my day around it. I try to avoid situations where I might get too stressed or distracted, but it’s not perfect. It never is."

He nodded, absorbing her words. "Do you still use the bathroom?"

Olivia’s cheeks burned, and she downed a gulp of fire whiskey, the heat spreading through her veins. "Yes," she said quickly, almost defensively. "When I can. It’s not like I don’t try. But it doesn’t always work the way it’s supposed to."

The room was silent for a moment, save for the crackle of the fire. Olivia avoided his gaze, staring into her glass as if it held the answers to her discomfort.

"I imagine it must be exhausting," Snape said quietly, his tone softer now.

She glanced up at him, surprised. "It is," she admitted. "But it’s my life. I’ve dealt with it for so long that I don’t know anything else."

Snape picked up his glass again, swirling the amber liquid thoughtfully. His posture was uncharacteristically relaxed, and Olivia could tell the fire whiskey was loosening his usual restraint.

"There’s something… intriguing about it," he said after a moment, his voice lower than before.

Olivia’s heart skipped a beat, her breath catching in her throat. "What do you mean?" she asked cautiously.

He looked at her, his dark eyes locking onto hers. "Watching you lose control," he said, his words deliberate, "there’s something about it that’s... attractive."

Her jaw dropped, and she stared at him in disbelief. "You can’t be serious," she said, her voice trembling.

"I am," he said simply, holding her gaze. "I’ve tried to ignore it, to rationalize it, but I can’t deny what I feel."

Olivia’s mind was spinning, her emotions a chaotic mix of shock, embarrassment, and something she couldn’t quite name. She set her glass down with shaking hands. "Do you mean that?" she asked, her voice barely audible.

Snape leaned back in his chair, his expression unreadable once again. "I do," he said softly.

For a long moment, neither of them spoke, the weight of his confession hanging heavy in the air. Olivia’s heart raced, her thoughts spiraling as she tried to process what he had just said.

Snape’s words lingered in the room like a spell, binding them both in the charged silence. Olivia couldn’t bring herself to look away from his dark, searching eyes. Her heart raced in her chest, her mind a chaotic blur of emotions she couldn’t name, let alone process.

"Why would you feel that way?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.

Snape leaned forward slightly, his gaze unrelenting. "It’s difficult to explain," he admitted, his voice low and almost hypnotic. "But there’s something about the vulnerability, the raw humanity of it… it fascinates me."

Her stomach fluttered, and she felt her face flush. She should have been horrified, insulted even, but instead, she felt a strange thrill course through her. She swallowed hard, unable to look away from him.

"You’re serious," she said, more to herself than to him.

"I am," he replied, his tone firm yet gentle.

Before she could think of what to say, Snape leaned closer, his dark eyes never leaving hers. Olivia froze, her breath catching in her throat as he closed the distance between them. His lips brushed against hers softly, tentatively, as if testing the waters.

The kiss sent a shiver down her spine, and her heart felt like it might burst from her chest. She leaned into him, her hands gripping the edge of her chair for support as the world around them seemed to melt away.

But then, amidst the swirl of emotions and sensations, she felt it—a telltale warmth spreading beneath her. Her stomach dropped, and panic seized her as she realized she was having an accident in her pullup.

She pulled away abruptly, her face burning with shame. "I—I need to go," she stammered, avoiding his gaze.

Snape didn’t move, his eyes studying her intently. It was as if he already knew. "Olivia," he said softly, his voice calm but firm.

She froze, her back turned to him.

"Did you have an accident?" he asked, his tone devoid of judgment, only curiosity and something else she couldn’t quite place.

Tears stung her eyes as she nodded reluctantly, unable to meet his gaze. "Yes," she whispered, her voice trembling.

Snape stood slowly, closing the distance between them. He stopped just behind her, his presence a mix of comfort and tension. "Look at me," he said gently.

She turned reluctantly, her cheeks flaming. When her eyes met his, she saw no ridicule, no disgust—only understanding.

"You don’t need to hide from me," he said, his voice softer now.

Her breath hitched, and for the first time in years, she felt seen—not as someone to pity or judge, but as a person. Her heart raced as she stood there, vulnerable and exposed, unsure of what to say or do next.

###

Snape's unwavering gaze held Olivia in place, his words still lingering in the charged air between them. Her heart thundered in her chest as she tried to make sense of everything that had just happened. She felt raw, vulnerable, and yet strangely… safe.

“I find it… attractive,” Snape admitted, his voice dropping to a low, rumbling whisper. His dark eyes softened ever so slightly, but the intensity in them remained. “You, Olivia. All of it. You.”

Her breath caught in her throat, and for a moment, she felt as though the world had stopped spinning. His words, so unexpected and intimate, shattered the walls she had carefully built around herself for years.

When Snape closed the gap between them again, Olivia didn’t resist. This time, she allowed herself to melt into the kiss. His lips moved against hers with surprising warmth, coaxing her to respond in kind. Her hands found their way to his chest, gripping his robes as if to steady herself. His hands, steady but firm, rested on her waist, pulling her closer.

The kiss deepened, and Olivia felt herself get lost in the moment. Their tongues met hesitantly at first, then with growing confidence, dancing in a rhythm that felt both unfamiliar and natural. She was drowning in him—in the faint scent of potions and the earthy warmth of his touch.

Her worries, her insecurities, and even the embarrassing incident moments before melted away as his arms tightened around her. But just as the kiss threatened to tip into something more, Snape pulled back, his breathing uneven, his eyes searching hers.

“Not here,” he murmured, his voice husky.

Olivia nodded, her face flushed, her lips tingling from the kiss. Neither of them spoke as he picked up her bag and handed it to her. With a silent understanding, they left his quarters, the quiet hum of their shared moment following them down the halls.

Snape walked beside her, his usually rigid posture more relaxed than she’d ever seen. They didn’t speak, but the silence between them felt full—of questions, of unspoken truths, of possibilities neither of them had dared to imagine.

When they reached her quarters, Olivia hesitated at the door, unsure of how to say goodnight.

Snape solved the dilemma for her. He turned to face her fully, his dark eyes locking onto hers. “I meant what I said,” he told her, his voice steady and deliberate. “About you. About… everything.”

Her heart fluttered, and she managed a small, shy smile. Before she could respond, Snape leaned in and kissed her one last time, a slow, lingering kiss that left her breathless.

“Goodnight, Olivia,” he said quietly, pulling away.

And just like that, he was gone, his robes billowing behind him as he disappeared down the corridor, leaving Olivia standing at her door, her head spinning and her heart pounding.

She stepped inside her quarters, leaning against the door as it clicked shut. A small, incredulous laugh escaped her lips as she touched her fingers to her mouth, still tingling from his kiss.

### Chapter 27

Olivia couldn’t get the memory of Snape kissing her out of her mind. She’d replayed the moment over and over in her head since it happened, analyzing every detail—the warmth of his lips, the surprising tenderness in his touch, the way his voice had softened when he spoke to her. It was thrilling, terrifying, and utterly consuming.

She felt on top of the world, though the sensation was bittersweet. Was this a one-time lapse in his guarded nature? Or did it mean something more?

Determined not to overthink it, she made her way to the Great Hall for dinner. Most of the staff had left for the holidays, and the castle was quieter than she’d ever known it to be. Olivia found it peaceful, though she couldn’t shake the pang of loneliness that crept in when the halls were so still.

As she entered the Great Hall, her heart skipped a beat. There he was—Snape—seated at the end of the long staff table. He seemed deep in thought, his expression as inscrutable as ever, but his eyes flicked up to meet hers as she approached.

“Miss Black,” he greeted, his tone neutral but with an edge of familiarity that made her pulse quicken.

“Professor Snape,” she replied, sliding into the seat across from him.

He closed the book he’d been reading and set it aside, his dark eyes fixed on her. “Enjoying the quiet?”

“I am,” she said, offering a small smile. “Though it’s a bit strange without the students here. Feels like the castle itself is sleeping.”

“Indeed,” he murmured. “And what are your plans for the holiday?”

She shrugged. “Staying here. Hogwarts has always felt more like home to me than anywhere else. What about you?”

“I’ve no intention of leaving,” he replied. “It seems we’ll be each other’s only company for the season.”

There was a brief pause before Snape’s lips curled into a faint smirk. “And how is it you’ve been keeping yourself occupied since our… last encounter?”

Her cheeks burned instantly. The memory of his kiss, so vivid in her mind, now hung in the air between them, charged and undeniable.

“I—I’ve been busy,” she stammered, trying to sound casual, though her voice betrayed her. “You know… lesson planning and such.”

Snape’s smirk deepened. “Ah, yes. Very industrious of you.”

Olivia’s heart raced. The way he was looking at her, the subtle amusement in his tone—it was almost too much. Butterflies erupted in her stomach, a storm of emotions she couldn’t quite name.

And then, it happened.

A familiar warmth spread through her, and panic gripped her chest. She had an accident in her pullup. Right there, sitting across from him. She shifted uncomfortably, hoping against hope that he wouldn’t notice.

But Snape noticed everything.

His dark eyes studied her with unnerving precision, and he leaned back in his chair, his smirk turning almost predatory. “Miss Black,” he said smoothly, “have you lost control?”

Her breath caught. She couldn’t bring herself to meet his gaze, but she managed a small, mortified nod.

Snape’s smirk widened. He didn’t seem disgusted or even surprised. No, there was something else in his expression—something that made her stomach flip all over again.

He leaned forward slightly, his voice dropping to a near-whisper. “You’re fascinating,” he said, his tone almost teasing but with an edge of sincerity. “I could get used to seeing you like this.”

Her eyes snapped up to his, wide with shock. She opened her mouth to respond, but no words came out. She didn’t know whether to be humiliated, angry, or… something else entirely.

Snape chuckled softly, rising from his seat. “Enjoy your evening, Miss Black,” he said, his tone as smooth as silk.

With that, he strode out of the Great Hall, leaving Olivia frozen in place, her cheeks burning and her heart pounding.

What had just happened?

###

### Chapter 28

Olivia paced back and forth in her quarters, her mind spinning in a whirlwind of emotions. After what had happened in the Great Hall, she had fled as quickly as possible, her face burning with embarrassment. She had rushed back to her room, closed the door, and leaned against it, exhaling shakily.

She opened her bag, pulling out a fresh pullup with trembling hands. Sitting on the edge of her bed, she changed quickly, trying not to linger on what had happened. But no matter how hard she tried, the memory of Snape’s words echoed in her mind.

“You’re fascinating. I could get used to seeing you like this.”

Her cheeks flushed again, and she buried her face in her hands. How could he say something like that so casually? And what did he even mean by it?

The truth was, Olivia had never met anyone who didn’t seem repelled by her condition—at least, the few people who had ever found out. She’d spent her life hiding it, ashamed of something she couldn’t control. But Snape… he wasn’t disgusted. If anything, he seemed intrigued, even drawn to her.

And she was drawn to him.

She had been since the moment she arrived back at Hogwarts. There was something about his commanding presence, his sharp intellect, and the rare glimpses of vulnerability that made her heart race. But now, that attraction was heightened by his unexpected acceptance of her secret.

It was overwhelming.

Meanwhile, in the dungeons, Snape sat at his desk, staring at a blank piece of parchment. His quill hovered in his hand, but he wasn’t focused on the lesson plan he was supposed to be writing.

Instead, his thoughts were consumed by Olivia.

He had tried to resist his feelings for her, but it was futile. There was something about her that captivated him in a way no one else ever had. She was sharp, resilient, and full of contradictions—a woman who could hold her own against him in an argument but who also harbored a vulnerability she tried so hard to conceal.

And then there was her condition.

It was unusual, yes, but he couldn’t deny the way it intrigued him. The sight of her cheeks turning pink with embarrassment, the way she tried to maintain her composure—it was fascinating. He had always been drawn to things that were hidden, things that others overlooked or dismissed. And Olivia was no exception.

He leaned back in his chair, closing his eyes. The memory of her in the Great Hall came rushing back—how her posture shifted, how her expression faltered just slightly before she nodded in acknowledgment of his question.

“Have you lost control?”

The thought sent a shiver down his spine.

Snape opened his eyes and set his quill down. He couldn’t deny it any longer. He was drawn to her, completely and utterly. And he wasn’t sure what to do about it.

Back in her quarters, Olivia lay on her bed, staring at the ceiling. She couldn’t stop thinking about him—about the way he looked at her, the way his voice softened when he spoke to her in private.

She had never been with a man before, never allowed herself to be vulnerable in that way. Her condition had always been a barrier, a wall she couldn’t imagine anyone would want to break through. But Snape… he didn’t seem to care.

A small, hopeful thought crept into her mind. What if he could accept her for who she was? What if he already had?

She shook her head, trying to push the thought away. It was too dangerous to hope for something like that. But no matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t stop imagining what it would be like to let him in—to let him see all of her.

And for the first time in years, the thought didn’t scare her.

###

*015*2025-02-07 14:40

Chapter 29

Olivia sat in the dimly lit Great Hall, the flickering light from the enchanted candles casting a soft glow over the empty space. Dinner had long since ended, and the castle was eerily quiet with most of the staff away for the holidays. She had lingered longer than usual, hoping to clear her thoughts, but her solitude was interrupted by the sound of footsteps echoing through the vast room.

She didn’t need to turn around to know who it was.

“Olivia,” Snape’s smooth voice drawled, sending an involuntary shiver down her spine.

She tensed, unsure if she was ready for whatever conversation he was about to start. Slowly, she turned to face him, her heart pounding in her chest.

“What do you want, Professor?” she asked, trying to sound indifferent.

He smirked, stepping closer until he was standing just a few feet away from her. His dark eyes bore into hers, and she felt as though he could see every secret she tried to hide.

“I’ve been trying to focus on anything but you, and I’ve failed miserably,” he admitted, his voice low and deliberate.

Olivia’s breath hitched, her cheeks flushing. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

“Oh, I think you do,” Snape said, his lips curving into a faint smile. “You’ve been occupying my thoughts, Olivia. Every word you say, every glance you steal… and, yes, every time you lose control.”

Her eyes widened, and she looked away, unable to meet his gaze. “I don’t… I don’t know why you’d think about that,” she stammered, her voice barely above a whisper.

Snape stepped closer, his presence overwhelming. “Because I like it,” he said simply, his tone unwavering.

Olivia froze, her mind reeling. She couldn’t believe what she was hearing. “You… like it?”

He nodded, his expression softening. “There’s something… captivating about it. Watching you try so hard to maintain control, seeing the moments when you can’t—it's real. Honest. And I can’t stop thinking about it.”

Her hands trembled as she clasped them tightly in her lap. “That’s… not something people say,” she muttered, her voice breaking slightly. “Most people would find it disgusting.”

“I’m not most people,” Snape replied firmly. “And if you’ll let me, I want to prove that to you.”

Olivia hesitated, her heart racing. Every instinct told her to push him away, to protect herself from the vulnerability he was asking for. But there was another part of her—a quiet, hopeful part—that wanted to let him in.

“I don’t know if I can,” she admitted, her voice barely audible.

Snape reached out, gently tilting her chin up so that she was looking at him. “You can,” he said softly. “And I’ll be here, no matter what.”

His words broke through her walls, and she felt tears prick at her eyes. For the first time in years, she felt seen—not as a woman with a condition, but as a whole person.

“I’m scared,” she whispered.

“I know,” Snape said, his voice warm and reassuring. “But you don’t have to be. Not with me.”

Olivia swallowed hard, nodding slowly. “Okay,” she said, her voice trembling.

A small, genuine smile crossed Snape’s face, and he stepped back, giving her space. “Then let’s take this one step at a time,” he said. “No pressure, no expectations. Just… us.”

Olivia felt a glimmer of hope. Maybe, just maybe, she could let him in.

And for the first time, she wasn’t afraid of what might happen if she did.

### Chapter 30

Olivia paced her quarters, nervously adjusting the hem of her sweater as she glanced at the clock. Snape had invited her to his quarters again, and while the invitation was framed as professional—“to discuss the curriculum further”—she knew better. The memory of their last encounter lingered in her mind, a blend of passion and vulnerability she wasn’t sure how to navigate.

Finally, she decided she couldn’t put it off any longer. Pulling on her courage like a cloak, she left her room and headed to the dungeons.

When she reached his door, it creaked open before she could knock. Snape stood in the doorway, his usual stoic expression softening slightly when he saw her.

“Punctual as always,” he said, stepping aside to let her in.

His quarters were warm and inviting, the flicker of a fire in the hearth casting long shadows across the walls. A decanter of wine and two glasses sat on the small table near the sofa.

“Wine?” he offered, gesturing to the table.

Olivia hesitated, then nodded. “Sure.”

She sat down as he poured the wine, handing her a glass before taking a seat beside her. They sipped in silence for a moment, the air between them thick with unspoken words.

“I’ve been thinking about you,” Snape admitted finally, breaking the silence.

Olivia blushed, her heart fluttering. “I… I’ve been thinking about you too,” she confessed, her voice barely above a whisper.

Snape set his glass down and turned to face her fully. “I can’t stop,” he said, his tone low and serious. “You’ve gotten under my skin, Olivia Black.”

Her breath hitched as he leaned closer, his dark eyes locked on hers. Before she could overthink it, his lips were on hers, soft yet commanding. She melted into the kiss, her hands clutching his robes as the world around them faded away.

Heat pooled in her stomach, and before she realized what was happening, she felt the familiar warmth spreading in her pullup. Her heart sank, panic coursing through her as she pulled back from the kiss.

“Is something wrong?” Snape asked, his voice tinged with concern.

She looked away, her cheeks burning. “I… I had an accident,” she admitted shakily.

Snape’s expression shifted, and he studied her intently. “Did you?” he asked, his voice low and curious.

Olivia nodded, unable to meet his gaze.

To her surprise, Snape reached out, his fingers brushing against her cheek. “May I…?” he asked, his voice barely above a whisper.

She looked at him, her heart pounding. “You want to… feel it?” she asked, her voice trembling.

He nodded, his gaze unwavering. “Only if you’re comfortable.”

Her mind raced, a mix of embarrassment and excitement swirling inside her. Finally, she gave a small, shaky nod. “Okay.”

Snape’s hand moved slowly, resting on her thigh for a moment before sliding down to the edge of her pullup. His touch was gentle, almost reverent, as if he was afraid to startle her. When his fingers brushed against the soft, damp material, Olivia shivered, her breathing unsteady.

“Fascinating,” he murmured, his voice filled with something she couldn’t quite place.

She closed her eyes, overwhelmed by the intimacy of the moment. “You don’t… think it’s disgusting?” she asked, her voice barely audible.

“Not at all,” he said firmly, his hand lingering for a moment before he pulled away. “In fact, I find it… compelling.”

Her cheeks burned as she opened her eyes to look at him. “You’re serious?”

“Completely,” he replied, his dark eyes locking onto hers. “You intrigue me, Olivia. Every part of you.”

She didn’t know what to say, so she leaned forward and kissed him again, her heart soaring as he pulled her closer.

Olivia pulled back from the kiss, her cheeks flushed and her breathing uneven. The intimacy of the moment was almost too much, the vulnerability of letting him know about her condition still fresh and raw.

“I need to… excuse myself,” she murmured, avoiding his gaze.

Snape nodded, his usual sharpness softened by a rare tenderness. “Go ahead,” he said, his voice low but understanding.

Olivia stood, her legs slightly unsteady beneath her, and retreated to his bathroom. Once inside, she let out a shaky breath and quickly changed into a fresh pullup from the spare she always carried in her small bag. The damp one was tucked away in a discreet pouch she kept for emergencies.

When she returned to the sitting area, she hesitated for a moment before reclaiming her seat beside him. She felt her cheeks warm again, but Snape made no comment, simply watching her with an unreadable expression.

“I’m sorry,” she said softly, breaking the silence. “I didn’t mean for… any of this to happen tonight.”

He tilted his head slightly, his dark eyes boring into hers. “You apologize too much, Olivia,” he said. “There’s nothing to be sorry for.”

Her heart fluttered at his words, and she couldn’t help the small smile that tugged at her lips. “You’re very… surprising, you know,” she said, glancing at him through her lashes.

His lips quirked into a smirk. “I could say the same about you.”

She laughed softly, the sound easing some of the lingering tension between them. But before she could overthink it, Snape leaned in and kissed her again, his hand cupping her cheek. This kiss was deeper, more deliberate, as if he was trying to convey something words couldn’t.

When they finally broke apart, Snape rested his forehead against hers, his voice barely above a whisper. “You make me feel crazy, Olivia.”

Her heart skipped a beat. “Crazy?” she repeated, her voice trembling.

He pulled back slightly, his gaze steady and intense. “Yes. Crazy enough to want this… whatever this is. To want you. And I don’t care how unorthodox it might seem.”

She stared at him, her mind racing. “You’re serious?”

“Entirely,” he said firmly. “I’m not one to mince words, Olivia. I want you in my life, and I’m willing to do whatever it takes to make this work. If you’ll have me.”

Her breath caught in her throat. “I’ve never… I’ve never been in a relationship before,” she admitted, her voice barely audible.

Snape’s expression softened. “Then we’ll figure it out together,” he said simply.

Tears pricked her eyes, but she blinked them away, nodding. “Okay,” she said, her voice steady despite the whirlwind of emotions inside her.

“Okay,” he echoed, his lips curving into the faintest of smiles.

They sat there for a moment, the weight of their decision settling over them. Olivia couldn’t help but feel a mix of excitement and nervousness at the idea of being with him. But for the first time in a long time, she felt hopeful.

As the fire crackled softly in the background, Snape reached for her hand, lacing his fingers with hers. And in that quiet moment, everything else seemed to fade away.

###

### Chapter 31

The days following their quiet agreement to be in a relationship were unlike anything Olivia had ever experienced. Snape, despite his intimidating exterior and cutting words with others, seemed to have an entirely different side reserved just for her. He was protective, understanding, and above all, patient—something she never imagined he was capable of.

At first, Olivia struggled to adjust. She was so used to keeping her guard up, so used to hiding parts of herself, that letting someone in—especially someone like Snape—felt almost impossible. But he had a way of putting her at ease without saying much at all.

One afternoon, they were seated together in his quarters, going over lesson plans. Olivia was perched cross-legged on the sofa, quill in hand, while Snape sat across from her, his sharp eyes scanning a stack of parchment. Despite the quiet focus in the room, she couldn’t help herself from making snarky little remarks about some of the more ridiculous answers they’d received from their students’ assignments.

“Honestly,” she said, holding up one particularly messy essay. “This one wrote a whole paragraph on why Polyjuice Potion should taste like chocolate. Chocolate! As if the effects weren’t horrifying enough without imagining yourself as dessert.”

Snape raised an eyebrow, his lips twitching. “A potion’s efficacy is hardly determined by its flavor,” he said dryly.

“I know,” Olivia said, waving the essay in the air. “But can you imagine? ‘Yes, I turned into a terrifying hybrid of human and cat, but at least it was delicious.’”

She laughed at her own joke—loudly, unabashedly, and in a way that echoed off the stone walls of his quarters. It was a genuine, unrestrained laugh, the kind she hadn’t allowed herself to feel in years. But as soon as the sound left her, she clamped her hand over her mouth, her cheeks burning.

“Sorry,” she mumbled, lowering her hand. “I didn’t mean to—”

“Don’t apologize,” Snape interrupted, his tone firm but soft.

She looked at him, startled.

“It’s... adorable,” he added after a pause, his voice quieter now, as though the word had been difficult for him to say aloud.

Her eyes widened, and she felt her face heat even more. “Adorable?” she repeated, incredulous.

He shifted slightly in his seat, clearly uncomfortable under her scrutiny. “Yes,” he said, his tone clipped but genuine. “Your laugh. It’s... endearing.”

For a moment, Olivia simply stared at him, her heart pounding. And then, to her own surprise, she laughed again—not as loudly this time, but just as freely.

“You’re full of surprises, Severus,” she said, grinning at him.

He gave her a pointed look, but the corner of his mouth twitched again, betraying his amusement. “Don’t push your luck, Black.”

The rest of the afternoon passed in a comfortable rhythm. Olivia felt more at ease with him than ever before, teasing him lightly and laughing at his dry retorts. It was a side of herself she hadn’t shown in a long time—a side she thought she’d lost somewhere along the way.

As they finished their work, Olivia realized something that made her heart ache in the best possible way. With Snape, she could be herself—completely, unapologetically herself—and he not only accepted her but seemed to cherish the very things she once thought she had to hide.

When she left his quarters that evening, she found herself smiling all the way back to her own.

###

*016*2025-02-07 14:49

### Chapter 32

It was a rare evening at Hogwarts. Snow fell gently outside, blanketing the castle grounds in shimmering white. The crackling fire in Severus’s quarters painted the walls with warm, flickering light. Olivia sat cross-legged on the rug in front of the hearth, her red curls gleaming in the firelight. Snape sat across from her, a glass of firewhiskey in hand, his usually stern expression softened.

“I can’t believe I’m saying this,” Olivia said, swirling her own glass, “but I think tonight might be the first time I’ve felt completely... normal in years.”

Snape tilted his head, his black eyes studying her. “Normal?”

“Yeah,” she said, leaning back on her hands. “No walls, no masks, no carefully rehearsed responses. Just... me. It’s terrifying, but also kind of nice.”

“You’re not alone in that,” he admitted quietly, his voice carrying a rare vulnerability.

Olivia blinked, surprised. “Severus Snape admitting he’s human? Someone alert the Prophet.”

He gave her a mock glare, but it lacked any real bite. “Careful, Black. You’re on thin ice.”

“Oh, please,” she teased, taking a sip of her drink. “If I haven’t been expelled from your company after all my sass, I think I’m safe.”

He smirked, swirling his firewhiskey. “Don’t test me.”

The evening unfolded in a way neither of them had anticipated. They talked about everything—past regrets, dreams they’d long since buried, even moments of humor they’d never shared with anyone. Snape admitted to accidentally dyeing his hair green during his first attempt at an advanced potion as a student. Olivia confessed she’d once turned her dormmate’s hair blue after a particularly nasty argument.

“You?” Snape asked, raising an eyebrow. “A hair-dyeing hex? How very Gryffindor of you.”

“Oh, shut it,” Olivia said, tossing a cushion at him. “She deserved it.”

Snape caught the cushion with a quick flick of his hand, his lips quirking into a rare smile. “I’m sure she did.”

As the hours passed, their laughter grew louder and more unrestrained. Olivia felt a lightness in her chest she hadn’t felt in years. She was laughing so hard at Snape’s sarcastic recounting of a ridiculous first-year duel he’d overseen that she clutched her sides, gasping for air.

And then it happened.

A familiar warmth spread through her pullup, and she froze for a split second, the realization hitting her. But instead of the usual panic or embarrassment, she just... kept laughing. It was too absurd, too ridiculous to care about.

Snape noticed her hesitation and tilted his head. “Something wrong?”

Through her laughter, Olivia managed to shake her head. “No... no, it’s nothing.”

He raised an eyebrow, clearly unconvinced, but as she laughed harder, the corners of his mouth twitched.

“Did you—?” he started, but Olivia cut him off.

“Don’t say it!” she gasped between laughs. “Just don’t!”

That did it. Snape actually laughed—deep, genuine, and warm, a sound she’d never heard from him before. It made her laugh even harder, tears streaming down her face.

“You’re unbelievable,” he said, his voice laced with amusement as he shook his head.

“And you’re laughing!” she shot back, pointing at him.

“I’m laughing *at* you,” he clarified, though the glint in his eyes betrayed him.

“Oh, sure,” Olivia said, wiping her eyes. “Whatever you say, Severus”

The warmth of the moment settled over them like a blanket. Olivia leaned back, her laughter fading into soft chuckles. Snape, for his part, was still smirking, his dark eyes fixed on her with an intensity that made her stomach flutter.

“You’re remarkable, you know that?” he said suddenly, his voice low.

Olivia blinked, her heart skipping a beat. “Remarkable? For laughing so hard I... well, you know?”

“For being entirely yourself,” he said, his gaze unwavering. “It’s rare.”

Her cheeks flushed, and she looked away, suddenly shy. “Well, you bring it out in me.”

The words hung in the air, heavy with meaning. For once, Snape didn’t deflect or retreat behind his usual sharp wit. Instead, he reached out, his hand brushing hers.

“I could get used to this,” he said softly.

Olivia smiled, her heart full. “Me too.”

As the fire crackled and the snow fell outside, they sat together, the weight of the past melting away in the warmth of newfound companionship.

###

### Chapter 33

The morning light filtered through the tall, arched windows of Severus Snape’s quarters, casting a soft glow over the room. Olivia blinked herself awake, the comforting warmth of the fire long since faded but replaced by something else—someone else. She was curled up against Severus on the couch, her head resting on his chest, his arm draped protectively around her shoulders.

For a moment, she didn’t move. She didn’t want to. The steady rise and fall of his chest beneath her and the faint scent of sandalwood and herbs that clung to him made her feel safe in a way she hadn’t felt in years. She closed her eyes, savoring the moment, until a sudden realization hit her.

Her pullup.

She shifted slightly and felt the all-too-familiar dampness. A wave of embarrassment washed over her as she carefully untangled herself from Severus’s arm. He stirred slightly but didn’t wake, his lips parting just enough for her to notice how peaceful he looked when he wasn’t scowling.

Tiptoeing out of the room, Olivia made her way to the small adjoining bathroom. She sighed as she closed the door, leaning against it for a moment to collect herself. She peeled off the wet pullup, cleaned herself up, and changed into a fresh one.

Staring at her reflection in the mirror, Olivia found herself smiling despite the usual embarrassment. Snape hadn’t pushed her last night. He hadn’t tried to make the evening into something more than what it was—a night of closeness, of laughter, and unspoken understanding. For all his sharp edges, he’d shown her more tenderness than she ever thought he was capable of.

When she returned to the living area, Severus was awake, sitting upright on the couch. His dark eyes immediately found hers, soft and searching.

“Good morning,” he said in that deep, smooth voice that always sent a little shiver down her spine.

“Morning,” she replied, tucking a stray curl behind her ear as she sat down beside him.

“You left rather abruptly,” he noted, his tone gentle but curious.

Olivia hesitated, then decided to be honest. “I... needed to freshen up.”

Understanding flickered in his expression, and he nodded. “You don’t have to explain.”

“I just...” She bit her lip, glancing at him. “I really appreciate how patient you’ve been. I’m not... I mean, I’ve never...”

“Been in a relationship before,” he finished for her, his voice calm and steady.

She nodded, her cheeks flushing. “Yeah. And last time, when you... well, when you touched my pullup—it felt like a lot. Not in a bad way,” she added quickly. “Just... I’m not ready for anything more yet.”

Severus studied her for a moment, his gaze thoughtful. Then he reached out, gently taking her hand in his. “Olivia,” he said, his voice low, “I need you to know something. I have no intention of rushing you into anything you’re not ready for. Whatever boundaries you set, I will respect them. Always.”

Her heart swelled at his words, and she gave him a small, grateful smile. “Thank you,” she said softly.

He squeezed her hand before letting go. “And for the record,” he added, his lips twitching into the faintest smirk, “I rather enjoyed last night. I can be content with holding you as long as you’ll allow it.”

Olivia laughed, the sound light and genuine. “I think I can handle that.”

They spent the rest of the morning together, sharing quiet conversation and comfortable silences. At one point, Olivia leaned against him, and he wrapped an arm around her shoulders, pulling her close.

“This is nice,” she murmured, her head resting against his chest.

“It is,” he agreed, his voice rumbling softly.

As they sat together on the couch, Snape’s mind churned with thoughts he couldn’t quite banish. His gaze flicked to Olivia, her features softened by the warmth of the moment. The way her curls framed her face, the faint smattering of freckles across her pale cheeks—it was all endearing. But underneath that, he felt a gnawing sense of guilt.

“Olivia,” he began, his voice uncharacteristically hesitant.

She looked up at him, curious. “Yes?”

He shifted slightly, his arm tightening around her shoulders. “I’ve been thinking...” His words came slowly, measured. “And I owe you an apology.”

Her brows furrowed. “For what?”

“For asking if I could... touch your pullup,” he admitted, the words coming out in a low murmur. “It was presumptuous of me, and I didn’t consider how that might have made you feel.”

Olivia blinked, caught off guard by his sincerity. “Severus, I—”

“I should have known better,” he interrupted, his tone firm but tinged with regret. “Your condition, your inexperience—it’s clear that intimacy is something new for you. I was thoughtless, and I don’t want you to feel pressured by me. Ever.”

Her chest tightened at his words. She had been embarrassed, yes, but his willingness to acknowledge his mistake and apologize meant more to her than she could express. She placed a hand on his arm, her fingers brushing against the sleeve of his robe.

“I appreciate that,” she said softly. “I was a little uncomfortable, but it’s not just you. It’s... everything. I’ve never done anything like this before, and I guess I’m still trying to figure out where my boundaries are.”

He nodded, his dark eyes meeting hers. “You’re allowed to take all the time you need. I’ll wait as long as it takes.”

Her lips curved into a small smile. “You’re really not as intimidating as you like people to think.”

His expression softened, the corners of his mouth twitching upward. “Don’t let that get around. I have a reputation to uphold.”

She laughed, the sound light and genuine, and leaned into him again. Snape rested his chin lightly against the top of her head, his heart surprisingly full. Despite his sharp tongue and years of cynicism, Olivia was breaking down walls he hadn’t even realized he’d built.

As they sat in silence, Olivia’s mind replayed his apology over and over. She’d never felt so seen—so cared for—by anyone. And the fact that it was Severus Snape, of all people, made it all the more astonishing.

“Thank you,” she said suddenly, her voice barely above a whisper.

“For what?” he asked.

“For being... you,” she replied, tilting her head to look up at him. “For understanding me.”

He studied her for a moment, his expression unreadable. Then, with a rare tenderness, he pressed a kiss to her forehead. “You make it easy, Olivia.”

And in that moment, she believed him.

### Chapter 34

The bells of Hogwarts chimed brightly as the students returned from Christmas break, their chatter filling the castle halls with renewed energy. Olivia stood near the staff table in the Great Hall, her gaze sweeping over the familiar faces as students filed in. She had spent the break basking in the warmth of her budding relationship with Severus, and though the thought of the busy semester ahead loomed large, she felt more confident than ever.

Her confidence wavered slightly, however, when Gilderoy Lockhart strolled into the hall, a peacock feather quill tucked behind his ear and his lavender robes shimmering obnoxiously under the enchanted ceiling.

“Ah, you must be Olivia Black!” Lockhart exclaimed, sweeping toward her with a dramatic flair. He extended his hand with an exaggerated flourish, his teeth glinting in an unnaturally bright smile.

Olivia plastered on a polite smile as she shook his hand. “That’s me. And you are?”

“Gilderoy Lockhart, of course!” he announced, clearly expecting recognition. “Author, adventurer, and now your esteemed colleague.”

“Right,” she said, her tone light but tinged with sarcasm. “I think I saw one of your books in Flourish and Blotts. Something about *Gadding with Ghouls?*”

“Indeed! A bestseller!” he boasted, his chest puffing out. “I daresay my expertise will add a certain flair to the curriculum.”

Olivia resisted the urge to roll her eyes. “Well, it’s always nice to have fresh perspectives,” she said diplomatically.

Lockhart beamed, clearly mistaking her politeness for admiration. “You’ll find me an endless source of inspiration, Miss Black. Perhaps I could even give you a few tips on how to captivate your students.”

“I’ll keep that in mind,” she replied dryly before excusing herself to find Severus.

###

Later that evening, Olivia found herself in Severus’s office, the warm glow of candlelight flickering off the stone walls. They sat across from one another, stacks of lesson plans between them, though neither was particularly focused on the papers.

“So,” Olivia began, setting her quill down. “Lockhart.”

Snape’s lip curled in disdain. “An insufferable peacock.”

Olivia laughed, covering her mouth. “I take it you two aren’t going to be best friends.”

“I’d rather brew potions with Longbottom than endure a conversation with that fool,” Snape muttered, earning another laugh from Olivia. He watched her closely, a faint smirk tugging at his lips. “Though I suspect you’ll find him equally insufferable before long.”

“He’s... a lot,” Olivia admitted. “But I’ll survive.”

Snape leaned back in his chair, his dark eyes softening as they settled on her. “Speaking of survival, have you given any thought to how we should approach... us?”

Olivia’s cheeks warmed. “You mean keeping our relationship under wraps?”

He nodded. “I’m not suggesting secrecy, but discretion. The students have a knack for turning whispers into wild tales.”

She smiled. “Agreed. I don’t need the entire school speculating about my love life.”

His gaze softened further at her use of the word “love,” though he didn’t comment on it. “We’ll keep things professional in front of others,” he said. “Though I reserve the right to glare at Lockhart if he so much as looks at you.”

Olivia smirked. “I think glaring at him is just your default setting.”

“Perhaps,” he replied, his lips twitching upward. “But I’m serious. If he crosses a line—”

“I can handle myself, Severus,” she interrupted gently. “But I appreciate your... protectiveness.”

He regarded her silently for a moment, then nodded. “Very well. But should you need me, you know where to find me.”

The warmth in his voice sent a pleasant shiver down her spine. As they returned to their lesson planning, Olivia couldn’t help but marvel at how much her life had changed. Keeping their relationship discreet would be a challenge, but with Severus by her side, she felt ready to face whatever the semester had in store.

