Carol's Wetting Chronicles

Author: Watch This

*000*2022-01-10 11:49

Carol's Wetting Chronicles

Part 1- The Disaster at School

Carol woke up, pushing away her blanket, and looking at her alarm clock. MONDAY 8:30 AM, it said.

"Oh shit" She said as she jumped out of bed and ran downstairs. The school bus for her high school left at 9, so she had just 15 minutes to have a bath, eat her breakfast, dress up, and run to the bus stop

"Well I was wondering when you'd get down here" Her mom said as Carol quickly took a seat at the dining table. Her dad shrugged as he continued reading his newspaper as usual.

"Mom you shoulda woken me up! I don't have time for this" She wailed as she gulped down her cereal in seconds.

As she finished her bowl and ran back up the stairs she glanced at the clock again- "Shit it's already 8:40!". She knew if she wanted to get to the bus on time she couldn't afford to use the restroom. This was concerning however, since she did feel a considerable urge to pee. "Agh I'll use the restroom at school" she consoled herself and she slipped on her light blue jeans and her white t-shirt onto her slim but fit body. She grabbed her backpack and ran down the stairs.

"Bye mom! Bye dad!" she called out as she ran out the door, as she faintly heard her mom cry back to her with a "Have a great day, sweetheart!"

The school bus being delayed by traffic certainly didn't help. Not using the restroom in the morning was just a mild inconvenience, but her breakfast seemed to have increased the pressure in her bladder. She still wasn't nearing desperation, but it was becoming more and more urgent as time went by.

By the time she reached school, she was already a couple minutes late for her first class of the day. "Well I guess I'll have to wait a bit longer to use the restroom" she consoled herself again as she entered her history classroom. It was an interesting class, but Carol found it hard to concentrate with her need to pee constantly nagging at her.

Fortunately, the class ended before she knew it and she rushed to the restroom to use it. But to her horror, she found that all the stalls were already occupied. "Shit" she cursed, now she was really starting to get desperate. She waited for a couple more minutes but it was no use- just as a stall cleared, the bell rang again and she had to go for her next class. T

This time though, the class was algebra- which Carol found repulsively boring. Unfortunately this meant there was nothing distracting her from her desperate feeling to pee. "It's fine, just 40 more minutes" She consoled herself yet again, getting less confident each time she said it.

20 minutes in, she felt like bursting.

"Hey Carol," She heard her friend Sarah calling from behind.

"Yeah?

"What's the answer you got for the 4th question?"

"41" She said looking at her notebook

"Thanks!" Sarah responded

But just as she took her mind off her bladder for a second, she felt a small spurt of pee gush into her panties. "Ahh" she moaning as she grabbed her crotch and pulled her thighs together.

"Uhh Carol you have to pee?" Sarah whispered again from the back

"Agh dammit is it that obvious?" Carol replied

"Eh, kinda."

"Well I haven't been able to pee since last night."

"You didn't use the restrooms at school?'

"Nah, they were full" she winced

"Damn that's hard luck" Sarah replied with a giggle

10 minutes later, she could barely keep the pee in. She clenched her crotch harder and brought her thighs closer together. She wanted to unbutton her jeans to relieve a bit of the pressure, but she was afraid of Mr. Klein passing by her desk and noticing.

Her bladder was throbbing and begged to be released. At times she even thought of just letting it go and feeling the relief, but the shame of a high schooler wetting herself in class kept her from doing that.

"Oh my god oh my god" She said as she felt the pee in her bladder surge forward. "I don't know how much longer I can hold it..."

"C'mon Carol it's just 5 more minutes" Sarah encouraged her

Just then she felt another spurt of pee dampen her panties, trickling for a whole second before she could stop it

"Oh shit I'm leaking" she said as her face turned red. She couldn't see any wet spot on her jeans, but her panties were soaking. She now regretted picking light blue jeans in the morning- if she leaked more, it'd be completely visible. She pushed down on her crotch has hard as she could, barely listening to what Mr. Klein was teaching. The only thoughts in her mind right now were making it to the restroom before she had an accident.

She risked a glance at her watch. "Just a couple more minutes..."

Another spurt of warm liquid escaped her, and this time, created an obvious wet spot around her crotch.

Just then the bell rang. Even before Mr. Klein left, she ran out of the classroom, and Sarah was right behind her. Thankfully, this time there was a stall available. But as she rushed into the restroom, she made the mistake of relaxing, and another spurt of pee flowed into her panties.

"Ah shit" she said as she reached down to unbutton her jeans, but her button was jammed.

"Shit shit shit"

"What happened?" She heard Sarah ask from behind the door

"My freaking button's stuck!" she cried as she felt another spurt of pee leave her bladder and enter her panties, running down to her thighs and creating another obvious wet spot.

"Oh god no no no" Carol said as she tried holding in her pee a bit longer, struggling to unbutton her jeans. But it was all in vain

"Ahhh" she moaned as pee gushed out and into her light-blue coloured jeans. First she felt the pee rising up the butt of her jeans, then down her legs and into her socks and shoes. "Shit" she cried as another torrent of pee came out and completely drenched her jeans.

She couldn't stop the stream as it continued to run down her pants for at least another minute. First she was hit by a wave of relief as her bladder finally emptied itself. But then the embarrassment came back to her.

By the time she finished, her jeans were completely wet- now more navy than light blue. "Oh my god Sarah I just pissed myself"

"Oh my-"

"I'm 18 years old and I just PISSED myself"

"Carol...it wasn't your fault"

Carol grunted angrily. She couldn't come out like this- it'd be obvious she wet her jeans.

"Sarah can you get me my gym shorts?"

"Uhh sure- good idea" Sarah replied.

Carol looked down at the mess she made. The whole stall was filled with pee. She pulled down her soaked jeans and placed them on the toilet. Her panties were drenched with pee too, but she didn't have spare underwear. They'd have to do. She rinsed her jeans in an effort to remove the smell, and wore her gyms shorts which Sarah promptly got her.

"Does it smell?" Carol asked her, concerned"

"Nah it's all good- wouldn't be able to notice a thing!" Sarah smiled comfortingly

The rest of the day was uneventful- as Sarah said, no one really noticed anything off with Carol's appearance or smell. When reached home, she told her parents she'd spiled some orange juice on her jeans and that's why she'd changed to her gym shorts, and to Carol's delight, they believed her. Before she walked up to her room, she took out her jeans from her backpack and threw them into the washing machine.

Once she did reach her room, she took out her phone and called Sarah.

"Did your parents buy the story?" was the first thing Carol said.

"They ate it up!" She responded

"Ah, good. I was getting worried" Sarah replied

"Nope, it's all fine now," Carol sighed as she sat on her bed "On an unrelated note- you feel like hitting the movies tomorrow?"

"Well I have a geography test on Wednesday, so I gotta study for that first- but I guess I'd be free at like 6 or 7"

"Great! I'll book the tickets!" Carol replied. Finally something to look forward to after the disaster at school today.

But unbeknownst to her, her wetting chronicles were just beginning...

*003*2022-01-11 03:11

Thanks!

*004*2022-01-11 08:37

Part 2- Embarrassment At The Theatre

Carol glanced at her watch as she slipped on her beige shorts and pink top, and tied her long black hair into a pony tail.

"Carol!" Her mother called from below, "Sarah's here"

"Coming Mom" She replied as she walked down the stairs

This time, she'd made sure to use the restroom before leaving. She certainly didn't want a repeat of what happened on Monday-especially not in a crowded movie theatre. She'd booked tickets to watch a new Marvel movie that just came out- and with Sarah coming along with her- she knew it'd be a fun night.

When they reached the theatre, the first thing Carol and Sarah did was buy a large box of popcorn and two cups of Coke.

"Hey Carol, I'd suggest you don't drink too much Coke...unless you want it to happen again" Sarah smirked

"Oh shut up," Carol laughed it off, "That was just a super unlucky series of events. Besides, if I want to use the restroom, I can just use the restroom here"

"Yeah well- that's exactly what you said last time" Sarah said with a giggle as she looked at her ticket. "Seats 43 and 44, row H"

"Ah those are some pretty good seats- hopefully no one tall sits in front of us!" She joked as she took a large gulp of Coke.

This rapid consumption of Coke is what led to Carol's bladder filling way faster than she expected. "Hey, you gotta pee?" She asked Sarah about 30 minutes into the movie.

"Nope. I'm assuming you do though?" Sarah observed

"Eh, slightly. I should be able to hold it"

Just then she heard a commotion coming from her right.

"Whoops, sorry, sorry" She heard a familiar voice calling from behind, as someone moved to a seat right beside hers.

"So sorry about that" The new person said to her as he sat next to Carol.

"Oh hey...Carol?" He asked

Intrigued, Carol turned around, squinting in the darkness of the theatre to recognize this new person.

"Fred?"

Fred was one of Carol's classmates, but they hadn't really interacted much.

"Yep. Didn't think you'd recognize me to be honest" He laughed

"Eh well, I have a pretty good memory" Carol laughed back

"Oi, shush! I'm tryna watch a movie here" Sarah snapped

"Alright, sorry" Carol said with a giggle as she took another sip of Coke

Another 30 minutes into the movie, the pressure was building up in Carol's bladder. But again, she brushed it off as nothing serious. The truth was, she just didn't want to miss parts of the movie. "I'll just wait till the intervention", she'd think to herself whenever the thought of using the restroom came to her mind

"Goddamit Carol, haven't you learned from what happened yesterday?" Sarah asked, legitimately concerned.

"It's all fine, trust me" Carol retorted.

"Hey uhh you mind if I keep my Sprite in your cup holder? The guy next to me's using mine already" Fred asked

"Oh sure," Carol replied. "I'm pretty much done with mine anyway" She said as she quickly sipped up the remaining Coke in her cup.

That was something Carol came to regret by the time the intervention came through.

"Aaah I gotta pee" She told Sarah

"C'mon, let's go to the restroom now"

"ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME!?" Carol cried in frustration as, to her dismay, all the restroom stalls were taken up...again.

"Can I say I told you so?" Sarah teased

"Oh don't you dare" Carol said as she walked back and forth

"Ok, can you hold it for another hour?"

"I mean, I think I should"

"Ah, good. In that case, I guess you should be fine. Just lay off the Coke"

"Mmmhmm" Carol nodded

Thankfully, the movie helped Carol keep her mind distracted from her rapidly filling bladder. However, by the end, her bladder was throbbing.

"Agh" Carol grunted as she brought her hand down to her crotch, clenching it. "Please not again, not again, not again" She prayed

"It's getting worse?" Sarah asked

"Ugh yeah. Shouldn't have had that much Coke" she replied as she brought her thighs together.

She pushed down on her crotch with both her hands now, feeling the pressure in her bladder rise even further. She tried diverting her mind to the movie to distract her, but she couldn't- her bladder was pounding.

"Oh my god...I don't know if I can hold it" She whispered, directed particularly at no one

Beside her, Sarah glanced at her watch. "Just a few more minutes Carol, you can hold it" She said encouragingly

"Shit, shit" Carol cried as she felt a spurt of warm liquid exit her bladder. Luckily, she stopped it before it escaped into her panties. She was barely handing on.

"Carol, you should just go now," Sarah suggested, "You don't need to wait till the end of the movie to use the restroom"

"And disturb everyone here?" Carol said, worried

"It doesn't matter- even in the dark it's obvious you're gonna burst"

"Oh frick it, ok" Carol said as she shot up from her seat.

But the sudden movement allowed a gush of pee to flow into her shorts.

"Oh shit" She cried as she looked down at her shorts. The beige colour clearly showed a wet stain around her crotch. It wasn't big, but it was noticeable.

Carol ran as fast as she could to the restroom, holding her hands down on her crotch as she turned around to see Sarah following her.

Just as she was about to exited the room, more pee gushed into her panties and shorts, completely wetting the crotch area. She stopped dead in her tracks, trying to regain control of her bladder. She succeeded in controlling it, but she was absolutely bursting at this point.

She moved a few more steps forward, holding down on her crotch as forcefully as she could, while Sarah caught up with her.

"You're almost there" Sarah cried, trying to help Carol by pushing other people out of the way

"Oh my god...I can't hold it. I can't hold it" Carol moaned as her bladder reached its breaking point and she let go.

Pee gushed down her legs in a forceful torrent, creating an audible hissing noise, and soaking Carol's panties and shorts in the process. Just as Carol had feared, the light coloured shorts made it obvious what had happened to her, as more and more pee ran down into her shoes.

Try as she might, she just couldn't stop it. She grabbed her crotch and pulled her legs together in a last-ditch effort to stop the pee, but it was of no use.

She sighed as the pee continued to flow through her panties, through her shorts, and through her hands.

Just then, she heard the voice of a toddler pointing out to her and screaming "Look momma, she peed her pants!"

All hell broke loose.

People all around her, a good chunk of them her age or even younger, starting laughing at her.

She covered her face with her hands and ran into the restroom stalls. She sat on the toilet seat and continued to pee, without bothering to pull down her shorts and panties.

As Sarah came in after her, she began to cry.

At least no one had seen her accident at the school- but now dozens of people had just witnessed her- an 18 year old girl- wetting her shorts in public. She just couldn't handle it.

To make matters even worse, she was sure Fred had seen her pissing herself- meaning he could tell everyone at school. Oh, the relentless teasing and bullying she would be subjected to if they found out.

Carol just wished she'd listened to Sarah and gone easier on the Coke.

"What am I supposed to do now, Sarah?" Carol lamented. "I don't have any spare clothes- and my shorts are completely soaked"

Sarah took off her jacket and tossed it at Carol as she stood up.

"Tie it around your waist. Thankfully you just wore your short shorts, so the jacket should cover it all"

With no other choice, Carol reluctantly tied Sarah's jacket around her waist. She knew it'd be obvious to anyone who saw her, but it was the best she could do.

Fortunately, the journey back was far less eventful, but Carol was still tearing most of the way home. As she reached her house, Sarah did her best to comfort her, and left for her own.

Just before she entered her front yard, she heard a voice call out to her from behind.

"Hey Carol"

She turned around to see Fred, standing under a light pole.

"You saw what happened to me didn't you? I assume you're here to tease me about it"

"No, not really-" Fred responded as Carol broke down into tears again.

"Hey, hey...calm down. I'm not gonna tease you. I just dropped by to tell you that you don't need to worry about me telling anyone what happened- I won't"

"...Really?" Carol asked, surprised

"Yeah, so don't get worked up about it." He said as he moved closer. "You know, I have a sister in 9th grade, and she has a lot of accidents, too" Fred said in an effort to console her.

"Thanks, Fred" Carol replied, as she wiped off her tears. Now that they were right under a light pole, she could see Fred better. He was tall- at least 6'3- almost a foot taller than her. He was also quite lean, and had thick black hair.

She was surprised, that even in the dark theatre, she hadn't noticed his sharp brown eyes and his fair, un-freckled face. As she looked at him a little, she felt her heart beat a little faster and her face starting blush.

"I'll see you in school then!" Fred said cheerfully with a smile, as he turned around and ran towards his own house, apparently just down the street.

For the second time in two days, Carol lied to her parents and rinsed her clothes before throwing her panties and shorts into the washing machine, hoping that their maid wouldn't notice the slight odour of urine resonating from the drenched cotton.

She thought a bit more about Fred while washing up and changing into her skinny jeans. She wasn't really sure how she felt about him. But she was thankful that he wouldn't tell anyone at school about her accident.

As she walked downstairs for dinner, she was only sure about one thought: "I'm never going to wet myself again."

Unfortunately for Carol, this was far from the truth...

*007*2022-01-20 10:55

Part 3- The Excruciating Exam

"You ready for the exam?" Sarah asked Carol as she took her seat in the school bus.

"Yeah" Carol replied, showing that she was still carrying her chemistry textbook in her hand, revising one last time before she reached school. "You?"

"Yep, chemistry's pretty easy. Just gotta remember the periodic table. What I'm more worried about is you...err" Sarah hesitated as she lowered her voice to a whisper. "Your accidents"

Carol's face blushed in embarrassment. "I should be fine. I had only two cups of orange juice in the morning, and I remember to use the restroom before leaving, too"

"Just remember Carol," Sarah warned her "You can't use the restroom during the exam. That's a whole three hours. if you have to pee...well...there's not much you can do"

"Trust me, I'll be ok." Carol reassured her as she looked down at her black denim leggings. They were one of her favorite pairs of pants, which she specifically wore to deter herself from even thinking about wetting herself again.

"Alright class," Mrs. McRoy announced as she finished handing out the chemistry exam papers. "These are your mid-year exams, so they count for 40% of your total chemistry grade. There will be no using the restroom, leaving your seat, talking, or even drinking water during the exam. So if you want to do one of those things, you've gotta wait until 3pm."

Carol had been prepared for this- she'd made sure to finish her bottle before the exam began. She could feel a little buildup in her bladder, but she was confident in her ability to control the urge for three hours.

"All right class," Mrs. McRoy said as she looked at the wall clock. "You may begin!"

Chemistry as it turns out, was not as easy as Sarah had claimed. Carol was never great with chemistry, but she'd never found it this tough before

An hour into the exam, the problem became even worse. Now, in addition to the exam itself, she could feel the pressure building up in her bladder.

"Dammit" Carol whispered to herself. She knew drinking an entire bottle of water was a risk, but she was willing to take it- and now, she was afraid she'd pay for it as well.

Another 30 minutes in, she could really feel her bladder throbbing. She leaned forward and brought her thighs together in an effort to suppress the desperation and concentrate on her exam, but as the minutes ticked by, it was getting increasingly difficult to keep her mind on the exam.

She'd wet herself twice that week, and she really didn't want to wet herself again- especially not at school, and in one of her favorite pairs of pants.

She looked around to check if anyone was watching her, and pushed her left hand down on her crotch while she continued writing with her right.

Another 30 minutes in, and she absolutely felt like bursting. She pushed down with her hand and pulled her legs together as hard as she could, but the pain was getting unbearable, not to mention, distracting.

At this point, Carol knew there was no way she could hold all of it in for the next hour and was getting increasingly desperate to find a way out.

Then she looked down and realized something- she'd spilled enough juice on herself before to know that they never formed any sort of visible wet patch on her black-coloured clothes. And the denim leggings she was wearing right now were black as well.

Carol eally didn't want to wet her favorite pair of pants, but she realized she had no choice.

Slowly, and carefully, she relaxed her bladder and felt a spurt of pee leak into her panties.

The relief was overwhelming, and she almost moaned out loud when she felt her bladder empty, even just slightly. She let the pee flow through her panties for a whole two seconds before stopping the stream.

As she looked down at her pants, she saw a quick glistening around her crotch area, and then it was gone. There wasn't a single indication that she'd just wet herself.

She looked around, and let another trickle of pee pass out of her bladder and into her panties. She sighed softly in relief and kept the stream going for a couple more seconds before stopping.

Yet again, the only indication of anything off was the momentary glistening, and that was it.

She was tempted to empty her entire bladder right then, but she didn't want to risk the pee flowing down her chair making it obvious she'd wet herself.

Even though it was just a little pee she'd let out, she already felt much better, and got back to writing her chemistry exam.

For the next 20 minutes, her bladder didn't bother her at all. She was able to zip through the rest of her exam and finished it with time to spare.

By then though, she could feel her bladder beginning to throb once again. But with only 10 minutes to go, she decided she'd rather control it till she reached home.

"So how was the exam?" Sarah asked her as they took their seats on the school bus.

"It was...pretty tough, honestly" Carol replied. Then she moved closer to Sarah to make sure no one could overhear her. "But goddamit Sarah, you were right"

"Wait what?" Sarah replied, confused.

"I uhh...sorta wet myself again. I was getting really desperate halfway through the exam so, I decided to just let go a little."

Sarah laughed in response, "Well thank god your pants are black."

"Yep, otherwise that would have been a disaster," Carol laughed as well. But just then she felt her bladder filling up again. "Still gotta use the restroom though," she said as she pulled her thighs together

"We're just a couple minutes away from your home- you should be okay" Sarah replied, calming her concerns, as Carol took a sip of water from her bottle.

"I'm back Mom!" Carol screamed as she entered her house. She didn't wait for her Mom's reply though as she ran up the stairs and to her room. She'd drank at least a quarter of Sarah's bottle on the bus, and for the second time that day, she was regretting her decision.

Once again, her bladder had started throbbing and she was pushing her hand down on her crotch as forcefully as possible to keep herself from wetting her pants again.

She threw her schoolbag onto her bed as she rushed into her bathroom and closed the door. But just then, she tripped on something on the floor. She was able to catch herself, but the sudden shock had jarred her bladder loose, and Carol's eyes went wide as pee gushed out of her bladder, instantly soaking her panties and into her denim leggings.

She moaned loudly in relief as her bladder finally emptied herself. She could feel the trickles of pee stream down her leg and form a puddle on the floor behind her. She could stop the pee, but she didn't want to. The relief was absolutely overwhelming, so she let her bladder empty, completely drenching her pants.

It was only after her bladder emptied, that she realized what she'd done. She angrily stripped off her denim leggings and threw them across the bathroom floor. Hopefully, she'd be able to salvage them. She also pulled off her panties and washed her legs, making sure they didn't smell off urine.

For the third time that week, she quietly rinsed her clothes and sneaked them into the washing machine.

She slipped on an old pair of shorts as she heard her Mom call up to her, "Carol, how'd the exam go?"

As she walked down the stairs to tell her Mom how the chemistry exam went, she consoled herself, telling herself that this time her "accident" had just been necessary- and that she would never do something like that again...

