This Time I'll Wet Myself

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2017-05-06 06:43

I rub my thighs together and feel the friction of nylon on nylon. If we were in my bedroom you could hear the rasp of that motion, but not here. Here the air is loud with industry. Girls picking up receivers and asking "what's your number?", switches switched and plugs plugged, the distant clatter of Telex machines and the constant jangling, tingling, ringing of phones. Cacophonous. I love that word. Ca-co-phon-ous. It's like tripping down the stairs.

I need the loo. Which isn't a surprise. I drank two cups of tea with sugar at my afternoon break and didn't relieve myself even though I already needed to go rather badly.

I didn't forget. Though I'll certainly tell people that I did. Everyone except you. You get the truth. Maybe you might even understand. Maybe. I hope you do.

There is still almost an hour left in my shift and I don't think I can wait that long. I hope I can't. I've long wanted to have an accident, for as long as I can remember. To Wet. My. Pants. Even the words sound... subversive. Kinky. Naughty. I feel it in my bones. That desire, that need, that hunger. I'm sure that sounds ridiculous to you. Of course it does. It sounds ridiculous to me. Yet still it calls me.

So why haven't I? I'm twenty years old, it's not like I haven't had the opportunity. It's not like I haven't tried. But it's just never worked out for me. Maybe I have a strong bladder. Maybe I've just been unlucky. But whenever I'm absolutely desperate for a wee a toilet just seems to miraculously appear. Every time. And you can't wet your pants unless you couldn't help it. It's "the rules".

Except this time. This time it's going to happen. To me. I'm tingling with anticipation. I'm going to have an accident. I'm going to Wet. My. Pants. Are you turned on? I really hope so, because I'm making an absolutely tit of myself if this doesn't do anything for you.

The supervisors are not unreasonable for the most part. If one of us needs the loo we just raise one of our hands and wait for permission to leave our station. But sometimes if you ask at the wrong time they say no. And if you really need to go that can be crucial. Last week Irene wet the the floor ten minutes before shift change. None of the girls dared make fun of her, they all knew if could just as easily have been them. Today it will be me.

Mrs Ramage is the switchboard supervisor today. She's not well suited to the position. She gets stressed easily, and when she gets stressed she gets mean. None of the other supervisors deny bathroom visits nearly as often Mrs Ramage. I've counted. I chose my day with care and precision.

"What's your number? Hold please. Connecting you now." I have a script. I can recite it without thought. Pick up the phone. Plug the ringing cord into the correct jack. It's a vaguely sexual procedure isn't it? Is that just me as well?

If I intended to make it to a toilet I would raise my hand now. But I don't, so I don't. I'll wait till the last minute.

There isn't room to cross my legs beneath my switchboard. Heaven help me if I were a chunkier girl. But this is good. Leg crossing helps me hold on, and I wouldn't be able to justify not doing it if I possibly could. So instead I just sit at my board and do my job. God, I need a wee so badly. Do you mind me talking about this? You should probably stop reading if you do. I can talk to myself. It's OK.

The switchboard two machines down from me is malfunctioning. They do that often enough. Mrs Ramage is yelling at Alva for doing something wrong and breaking it. Maybe she did, but probably it just broke on its own. They do that. I raise my hand, now is the perfect time to ask permission to take a break.

Obviously she tells me no. I couldn't be happier. When I wet my clothes no one will blame me, it'll be nothing but sympathetic pats on the arm. And it'll be real. Almost real. Realesque. Close enough for horseshoes.

I'm biting my lip as I work. The pain is distracting from my other pain. I feel it where the waistband of my skirt presses against my bladder. Light grey. I want it to show. I feel the pressure between my legs. A constant surging, throbbing pain. I want to feel you between my legs. I want to score my fingernails down your back. I want to bite your neck. I want you inside me.

Irene's skirt was black the day she wet herself. You couldn't even tell if you hadn't seen the puddle beneath her chair. She looks over at me now and catches my eye. She mouths words of encouragement. I wonder if she really, really wants me to hold out or not. If I were to have an accident as well it would justify her failure.

I shouldn't ascribe bad faith to her. She'll want me to avoid the embarrassment she felt. The hot, wet, dripping embarrassment. I'm jealous for a moment. I want to be her. I want the memory of hot wee running, pouring, gushing, out of me and into my clothes. I want the memory of people looking at me in shock and sympathy. I want to know the feeling of my soaking skirt slapping against my thighs as I walk to the loo in tears to freshen up.

As always I'm tempted to simply let go, to let it happen. But then it wouldn't be an accident would it? And it has to be. It just does. The rules. Rules matter. So instead I just concentrate on my work.

"What's your number? Hold please. Connecting you now." Time gets away from me.

And then it happens.

The end of my shift. I connect my last call of the day and hobble out of the exchange room.

I wish I could tell you that the loo was further away, in a different building, across the yard maybe. That I wet myself halfway there. I broke-down into a sudden puddle amidst the scorching asphalt. I wish I could say that the other girls had taken all of the available stalls, leaving me waiting politely in a queue. Looking with longing at a toilet door until I burst and soaked myself all over the lavatory floor just meters and moments from the toilet.

But it isn't, and I can't. It's the first door on the right. I think the others are making sure a stall is available for me. I could just let go on purpose. But the rules. I can't do that. I'm so sorry.

I wee in the toilet like a good girl. Like always.

Are you disappointed? I am as well. But there is always a next time. Next time it'll happen for sure.

*003*2017-05-08 00:34

{{13 hours ago, Flush said:

Wonderful. The excitement in this story was so... exciting. Loved the wordplay.

}}

Thank you! I had fun with her wordplay as well.

{{9 hours ago, satyr said:

Damn this story was such a tease, but well written. I wondered a bit about who it was addressed to, as at times it seemed like a metatextual thing, breaking the fourth wall and talking to the reader, at other times ("I want you inside me") it seemed to be addressed to some character off-stage, even if only in her mind.

}}

Thanks! In my first draft I actually had every intention of having the narrator wet herself but by the time I got to the end it just seemed better to go in a different direction.

She was addressing the reader, or the listener. I imagined this story as a transcription of a tape she recorded. This could be a theoretical listener in her world if a given reader wants it to be, or they can imagine that the narrator is talking to them personally if they prefer. Reader-as-author and all that.

I read "The Handmaid's Tale" recently, which uses that writing style, and also has a few lines that partly inspired this story.

*005*2017-05-08 21:54

I have watched House of Cards! I'm a bit of a "prestige" TV junkie. And that's a totally cool way of reading it! Now I think of it maybe I should do something intentional with that sometime...

I know exactly what you you mean about the same-y same-y. Most my stories, as I'm sure you know, like yours, try to do something a little bit different. A bit memorable.

*007*2017-05-14 22:20

{{20 hours ago, juntaglom said:

Hey, a fellow Atwood reader? You should totally check out Oryx and Crake; I like it more.

This story is very well-written and I enjoyed it a lot, despite desperation not actually being my kink. If you ever did anything related to diapers with a quality like this I'd be very grateful.

The one thing that bugged me is something pretty dumb. Try as I might, the use of British/Commonwealth vocabulary really annoys me. In my American head, one never "goes to the loo to wee", instead one "goes to the restroom to pee". It's not wrong, but it feels that way.

}}

I've heard Oryx and Crake is good! I'll have to check it out.

I hear you on the vocab. Have you read my other stuff? I do use American vocab some of the time as well. In my part of the world we as a society, and me personally, actually use both British and American terms. So not much sounds "wrong" to me!

As for a diaper story: I've actually been considering it. The problem is I don't actually know anything about them! So I'm a bit worried I might not be able to write a convincing story. If/when I get around to it I'll try and remember to PM you to let you know though.

*011*2018-09-11 14:28

{{15 hours ago, remos6 said:

Wow, nearly a year since the last comment - I feel like I need to blow the dust off and brush away to the cobwebs before posting You definitely have a talent for writing characters (and narrators) with a unique voice every time Katy - your stories always feel fresh and original, rather than derivative.

Reading back through again I find that I often pick up on parts that my eyes simply passed over the first time around. It's amazing how certain, otherwise innocuous phrases can act as such a powerful trigger for this fetish (as evidenced by the numerous threads on the topic in 'Omorashi general'). I also share the sentiment about how ridiculous some of the things we do because of this kink are when viewed in the cold light of day, when in the heat of the moment they seem more important than anything else in the world.

}}

Thanks! I try to do different stuff as much as possible.

Yeah, that’s certainly something I was going for with this narrator. An awareness that what she was doing was possibly not going to be something other people might like as much as she would. And she likes the feel of certain words in her mouth!

I ended up getting as far as a first draft of a sequel to this. I didn’t find it came together properly, unfortunately. But maybe one day! Sometimes it takes a few years.

*015*2018-09-21 11:55

{{On 9/13/2018 at 1:56 PM, Ghostblade913 said:

Well crap I am disappointed it was going so well too

}}

Maybe one day! Sequel rather than a second part anyway :)

{{On 9/14/2018 at 6:43 AM, Cybrwet96 said:

This is a great story on its own though

}}

Thanks!

{{13 hours ago, New_Macca said:

I don’t know how I missed this originally as I love your work but nsomglad this came up again as this is an astounding piece of work so unusual so well written and thrilling with a surprising twist

}}

I kinda liked how it turned out as well. If you ever want to make sure you didn’t miss a story of mine I do update my “about me” page every now and then to include a catalogue of all my stories. There’s a fair few now!

