From my tumblr days...

Author: wee spurt

*000*2023-03-22 00:43

This is male omorashi/desperation/accidental wetting

Just letting my mind wander and my brain thought of this:

There's a line in the men's room at an event, and one of the guys ahead of you is so desperate he's bent over. his buddy is next to him with a hand on his back. they're a little ways back from the front of the line. the line moves forward but this guy can't seem to move. he's squeezing his penis hard through is pants, his face contorted in agony. his friend tugs gently at his arm. "C'mon man you're almost there..." the desperate guy shuffles forward without separating his legs.

A couple moments pass and you hear the desperate guy whisper to his friend, "i can't hold it, dude. it's starting to come out." his friend glances down at him, then toward the front of the line. they're only three people away. as the guy at the front of the line is about to step up to a urinal, the friend asks, "hey, can we please cut ahead of you?" he gestures at his struggling friend and the slowly leaking penis clutched through the fabric of his pants. the guy at the front of the line hesitates, but proceeds to the urinal. the friend turns to the next guy in line. "please," he says. "he's starting to have an accident."

Blessedly, that guy waves them forward. the desperate guy lags behind even as his friend tries to pull him forward. the friend scans the line of urinals, trying to predict which one will open up next. finally, a man on the far right zips up and moves toward the sinks.

"c'mon," the friend says, practically dragging the desperate guy along. "just a couple-"

"god, no. NO! I'M PISSING!" the desperate guy cries out, stopping dead in his tracks only steps from then open urinal, his legs twisted desperately against each other. a dark spot emerges on his pants from under his tightly gripped hands. he let's out a sob of defeat.

His friend looks back, his eyes wide with surprise. instantly his hands are at the guy's fly, shoving the futilely clutching hands out of the way and unfastening the button and zipper. another spurt darkens the fabric of the guy's pants, this time creeping down his thigh in a hot stream.

"I can't hold it," the desperate guy sobs, truly crying now. "I'm peeing. I'm sorry..." he gives in. the hiss of pee flooding into his pants is audible even from where you are standing in line. his leg is dark to the knee, and some pee drips from his bent knee onto the floor.

With deft fingers, his friend grabs the guy's penis inside his pants and works it free from his boxers. piss streams from the tip and sprays wildly as he pulls it free into the open air. urine splatters onto the floor, and a couple guys at nearby urinals try to move away even as they are releasing their own pee.

"come on," the friend urges, pulling the guy forward by his shoulder and his forcefully peeing penis. as they stride through the puddle of pee he's made on the floor, the friend tries to aim the stream into the urinal which causes some to splash back in all directions until they're close enough that he can point his friend's penis at the drain.

You watch, mesmerized, as the guy pees. both of their shoes are wet with urine and tears are still streaming down the guy's face that's now red with embarrassment. his friend reaches up and wipes the tears from the guy's cheek, still carefuly aiming the steady stream down. he rubs the guy's back as he continues to go.

Two more people step up to the urinals, relieve themselves, and move to the sinks before the guy finally stops peeing. the urinal next to them frees up, and you stride toward it, fishing your own penis free of your pants as you step carefully over the puddle that crept along the tiles. you relax and start to piss as you watch them from the corner of your eye.

The friend gives the penis in his hand a gentle squeeze and shake, then carefully tucks it away into the guy's pants.

Finally, the guy seems to come out of his trance, and with shaking hands he buttons and zips his pee-saturated pants. "I... I just wet my pants," he says, astonished, staring down at the pee stain that's crept even further down his leg.

"hey, it's okay," his friends says, placing a hand on his friend's chest. "it happens." he coaxes his friend over to the sink where he gives him a handful of paper towels.

You finish relieving yourself and head over to wash your hands. the guy is dabbing uselessly at his wet pants. you can see he's near tears again as his friend takes more paper towels over to mop up the puddle of urine he created on the floor.

