Rain Of Gold (Harry Potter)

Author: Wolf-93

*000*2012-06-05 15:21

Much to my surprise there are many amazing fanfiction sites full of omorashi which some of you guys don't know about. Have you ever heard of Rain Of Gold? I discovered it some years ago and now I feel up to sharing some Harry Potter stories with you. Some may be known, others might not be known. For those who never read them before: enjoy. For those who did read them before: enjoy them again...

1. Urgent

%http://rain-of-gold.livejournal.com/18838.html

“Lupin,” Severus whispered raggedly. “Lupin, I don’t think I can make it.”

2. Having a slash

%http://rain-of-gold.livejournal.com/7446.html

“Remus!” Sirius whinged, bending at the knees, bouncing up and down, crossing and uncrossing his legs. “Stop talking about drinks!”

3. A Golden Discovery

%http://rain-of-gold.livejournal.com/25397.html

"On the contrary, Mr. Potter. I know exactly what you've been up to in my classroom. Do you think I wouldn't notice when a student wets on my floor?"

4. Telling Tales

%http://rain-of-gold.livejournal.com/23954.html

“It was awful,” Sirius said. “It was all warm and sticky and I could feel everyone looking at me and I felt so ashamed of myself.”

Want to search for more? A lot of things have been removed, but if you search long enough, you might find some things you like: http://rain-of-gold.livejournal.com/

*004*2012-06-07 18:34

Hehe, I already expected you (HarryPotterFan & FoxFace) knew about this site. :)

Good thing is that every now and then there's a new update, but sadly enough it's mostly just plain pee-play. No omorashi at all.

