Field Trip Traffic

Author: wwwaters

*000*2019-04-07 22:33

Maisy felt herself getting nervous.

The bus transporting herself and 25 other high school classmates was still stopped in traffic on a long expanse of highway. Their bus driver had confirmed that there was a large accident up ahead. Luckily nobody was hurt, but two large semis blocked the narrow road and dozens of cars lined in front of and behind Maisy's schoolbus had them deadlocked.

Maisy squeezed her thighs together anxiously. She had always had a small bladder which, coupled with extreme shyness surrounding bathroom needs, caused her to have experienced a number of very embarrassing accidents in her life so far. She hadn't had one in years now but only because she was so very careful to not put herself in compromising situations anymore after a particularly humiliating incident in the school play three years ago. Her cheeks still flushed red as she remembered her bladder letting go in front of hundreds of her peers, her tight leotard turning dark as liquid soaked her butt and thighs. She furrowed her brow as she tried to stop thinking about the memory which was only making her need worse.

"You okay, Maisy?" Her friend Jackie asked, giving her a gentle poke in the side.

Maisy jumped more than she meant to, her thighs squeezing tight together.

"Yeah, I'm fine," She tried to sound chipper. She always hated the idea of people knowing she had to pee and tried hard not to squirm while her friend's eyes were on her.

"You just seem really quiet." Jackie eyed Maisy up and down, making her even more nervous, making her need to pee feel worse. Jackie was kind of a mean spirited girl who had only recently started being nice to Maisy.

"I'm sorry, I'm just excited to get to the zoo," Maisy replied sheepishly. She had planned for a drive of exactly 2 hours from school to the zoo and had reasoned that she would be fine to have a coffee with Jackie and her friends before getting on the bus this morning as long as she peed right before the drive. To her dismay, the bathroom in the coffee shop was being cleaned while they waited for their drinks, and by the time they were ready the girls were already almost late. She considered not drinking her coffee on the bus ride to be safe, but 2 hours shouldn't be too long to hold her venti coffee and the 2 cups of orange juice she had with breakfast. Plus the large helping of milk with her cereal...

But it wasn't 2 hours now, it was approaching 3 with no sign of reprieve. Maisy felt as every ounce of liquid dripped lower and lower, a feeling of pressure building between her legs. The minutes crawled by as her need became greater and greater and she craned her neck to see ahead of the traffic for some sign of movement but another half an hour passed and nobody had moved an inch.

Maisy was sweating now. Jackie kept trying to talk to her, and Jackie's friend Heather was now turned around from the seat in front of them talking too. Maisy felt her muscles contract as it became harder to hold in her pee without squirming, and was forced to start crossing her legs tightly. Jackie seemed to eye her as they talked and Maisy began to squirm more and more. Another 30 minutes ticked by and Maisy's began to realize that even if they started moving now, she was not going to be able to make it the rest of the way to the zoo. Her heart began to race.

Jackie then began to play idly with her water bottle, flipping it over, back and forth. Maisy's hand shot between her legs, a spurt of pee escaping into her panties almost immediately upon hearing the sound of the water sloshing around. Jackie seemed to not notice and continued to shake the bottle making it impossible for Maisy to stop thinking about the flood of liquid begging to be released from between her legs.

Another spurt escaped and Maisy's cheeks burned red.

"Uh, Jackie, I'm sorry, could you not do that," She tried to ask quietly, her hand now discreetly rubbing herself. It was all she could do to keep the flood at bay.

"What's wrong?" Jackie said innocently.

"I-I just kind of need to pee," Maisy whispered to Jackie, her face turning entirely red.

"You need to PEE?" Jackie asked back loudly, causing multiple students to turn their heads. Maisy's stomach dropped and her bladder let go for a second, a large spurt of pee gushing into her panties. Her other hand shot between her legs reflexively and her ears burned as she now sat, both hands rubbing her pussy, while a dozen of her peers now sat up in their seats to look at her.

"She's peeing herself!" The boy next to Heather yelled, pointing at Maisy from the seat in front of them.

"No I'm not!" Maisy yelled back, starting to cry. She leaked more in her underwear and began to squirm furiously, trying desperately not to pee in front of everyone. Her heart pounded as she looked around for a solution. The pressure was building and building between her legs and she knew she would be soaked soon. She had to get off of the bus.

Maisy tried to stand up but couldn't stop holding herself lest she start peeing down her legs fully. She wished so badly she had worn pants today instead of a dress so she would at least have something to soak up the urine instead of her peeing all over the bus floor. Her bladder twinged with nervousness as she realized how dire her situation really was.

"Excuse me Jackie I have to get off the bus," She blurted out quickly, trying to push past Jackie. The girl seemed to move but her legs remained in Maisy's way, who struggled to get over them without spreading her legs to step over. "Please..." She whined, feeling as the seconds ticked by until her muscles gave out on her.

Jackie moved her legs slightly, giving Maisy barely enough room to get by. Desperate, she shoved her way past and into the aisle of the bus, stumbling and losing more of her pee into her stockings. All eyes were now on her from the commotion and the memory of wetting herself in front of the whole school hit her like a train. 'This can't be happening, not again,' Her eyes filled with tears as she felt herself about to pee in front of everyone, afraid that a single step might cause her to lose control completely.

Maisy gained momentary control and rushed down the aisle to the front of the bus, both hands rubbing herself through her panties furiously. They were already soaked but her dress wasn't yet. The bus driver looked at her with disdain as she approached.

"Yes?"

"Can I please get off, I need to pee," She said frantically, blushing as the bus driver looked down at her crossed thighs.

"Nobody gets off the bus," He replied flatly.

Maisy's face turned white. This couldn't be happening. She could feel the entire bus's eyes on her as she was denied the bathroom.

"Please," She said quietly, mortified to be begging to pee. "It's an emergency."

"Nobody gets off her bus," He said again.

"Please!!!" She moaned as a small stream began to flow from between her legs. The bus was entirely silent as her voice broke, begging to be let out to relieve herself. She felt as her muscles slowly gave out more and more, though she kept rubbing herself furiously in an attempt to stop the flow. Tears began to flow from her eyes as the stream grew bigger and bigger, until an audible hiss could be heard.

"She's PEEING HERSELF AGAIN!" A boy in the front row yelled and some of the bus bursted into laughter, while others averted their gaze in secondhand embarrassment. Maisy cried as she began fully peeing herself in front of her whole class, the sound of her river splashing against the floor loudly as it soaked her shoes.

The torrent seemed to go on and on as Maisy stood at the front of the bus powerless but to wait as she humiliated herself once again. The moments crawled by as she continued peeing and peeing, every drop of orange juice and coffee exiting her tired bladder. Maisy felt the warmth and wetness fill her ass, thighs, and now feet, and her heart broke as she realized that she had no idea how much time she had left on this bus in her soaked clothes.

When she returned to her seat, Jackie was now sitting with someone else. Her friends snickered as Maisy set down with a mortifying squelch.

