She Wets Herself At The End

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2018-04-11 02:14

I said I'd steal some themes from this story

. And I have. Pretty much just the idea of telling you the climax of the story in the title to be honest. I've got no interest in the mind control and non-consensual aspects of that piece. And a quick chat from the author before you start doesn't really count as forth wall breaking right? I'm not a character. I'm real and in the same universe as you.

So my prompt is "She wets herself at the end."

The first idea that came to my mind was to tell a shaggy dog tale. Something completely off topic that makes you completely forget the prompt. And then make the main character wet herself completely out of nowhere at the end. Shocking right? But the more I thought about it the more I started to think, "Everyone is just going to think I'm telling a story I've wanted to tell for ages, maybe even pre-wrote, and then tacked on the prompt like a vestigial appendix."

So I won't be doing that. Instead I'm going to tell a story that totally embraces the prompt. I hope you all enjoy it!

### The girl didn't pee before she left the pub. Even though she had been drinking copious amounts of cider. Even though her stagger home would take at least twenty minutes.

This was in those days before rapists lurked behind every hedge and a girl could comfortably, however inebriated, wander the suburbs alone in the dark without fear; without even a phone to lose. Before we all learned to be afraid of shadows. Before fears sneak up on you. She was still young is what I'm saying.

She didn't need to pee before she left. But outside, away from the stimulation of her friends and the too loud music she did need to pee. The sudden urgency of a full bladder you've been too busy to notice. The kind that sneaks up on you.

She considered going back to the pub. But at this time of night their toilets are absolutely disgusting. First one girl drinks a few glasses of wine, hovers, misses the bowl but finds the seat. Then the next girl has to hover because the seat is covered in pee and she is hammered so she mostly ends up getting the floor and it just escalates from there. Also, it would be embarrassing to go back, "oh I forgot to pee and I can't wait till I get home even though it's only twenty minutes because I'm four years old." Embarrassing.

She couldn't wait till she got home even though it was only twenty minutes. Even though it has been fifteen years since she had been four years old.

This was in suburbia. One of those leafy suburbs with an Aboriginal name and winding streets that suggest something natural about tarmac. There are no bathrooms in this kind of suburbia that aren't in peoples homes. And you can't, as much as you might like to, stand on someone's doorstep, dress pressed between double crossed legs, and beg to use their toilet in the middle of the night.

And she couldn't wait till she got home.

Images of her bladder exploding came to mind. A concussive waterfall. A pulling tide. If she kept walking doggedly in the direction of home she was without any shadow of a doubt going to wet herself at the end.

So she stopped next to an Audi parked sightly out from the curb, dropped her undies to her knees, squatted in the way that young knees and thighs can, held the loose folds of her dress in a wadded knot by her hip, and peed a cataract down the gutter. ---

Do you think I cheated? That I broke the prompt by my character, who certainly wasn't a younger me, perish the thought, not wetting herself at the end. Well you'd be almost right if you were thinking that. Except of course, and I can here from the gasps that some of you have just realized that I haven't cheated, because I'm peeing right now. "She wets herself at the end."

Hypodiegesis is a delightfully named narrative technique that describes a story within a story. I rather like the sound of the word. Anyway, I liked the idea of using Hypodiesesis to set up a twist, a surprise ending. The title makes you expect a pretty specific something from the ending so it was a little bit of a challenge getting a twist in there. Rather than just a fourth wall breaking gimmick. Speaking of a twist; I'm freaking busting for a pee. I've increasingly needed to as I wrote this story, and now I'm straight-up desperate. Or I was when I wrote this sentence. As I write this sentence I'm peeing in my pants. Right now. Because "She wets herself at the end."

*006*2018-04-16 05:10

{{On 4/11/2018 at 12:50 PM, Melificentfan said:

Loved that story

}}

{{On 4/15/2018 at 1:30 PM, Manowar said:

That was interesting. Very smart and funny. Thanks.

}}

Thanks!

{{On 4/11/2018 at 1:34 PM, BlueWetter said:

Great job! Love your own spin on the original..

Mmmmmn, you and your character are wet

}}

The things I do for art. :p

{{On 4/12/2018 at 2:32 PM, The Dark Wolf said:

I actually somehow knew it would end that way. Titles always lie

Edit: Ah, never mind. I posted before reading who really wets herself at the end

}}

Haha. I wondered if people might miss the sting. Italics don't get read, yada yada.

{{On 4/14/2018 at 8:20 AM, New_Macca said:

This is really clever I enjoyed it... and if somehow this was a story from when you where younger it sounds like a very naughty experience

}}

Thanks. Depends on which layer of the story you mean. I have peed in a gutter

Because I couldn't wait once. I've never peed to win a writing game. I did pee after writing this story. :)

*009*2018-04-23 05:50

{{On 4/16/2018 at 11:08 PM, ElizaSchuyler said:

Love it Katy!!!

}}

Thanks E :)

{{On 4/18/2018 at 2:11 PM, Weasel said:

It's like Omo Inception!

Love this, Katy, I really do... the meta-ness, for starters, I love good meta. But also the raging, galloping, stampeding eroticism of writing a story while desperate and then pissing yourself to end it properly. I've never been able to write while desperate, so it's well and truly impressive on the one level. On the other, gosh but your whole process is jaw-dropping hot...

*bows* My hat is off to you!

}}

The whole story process went very quickly for me. Sometimes I toss a story around for literally years, this one went from conception to publishing in a couple of days. And from first typing to publication in about 45 minutes, so it's literally a first draft. Hence the dodgy formatting. But it wouldn't have worked conceptually in any other way.

I don't really have much trouble writing while desperate, good at compartmentalizing I guess. But I found this a very hot story to write as well, because obviously I was anticipating the "ending".

Thanks for the feedback :)

