Regular Show Omorashi (Margaret)

Author: whimsicalWetter

*000*2012-06-18 14:32

Margaret was working at the coffee shop when she realized that she really had to pee. She had to go so bad she was holding her crotch with both hands. There were currently no customers so this was her chance. But as soon as she was about to leave to go to the bathroom, Mordecai and Rigby came in.

Oh, anyone but them! I can't embarass myself in front of Mordecai!

But she still went to their table.

"H-hey Mordecai and Rigby..." She felt the urge get even worse and felt a drop escape. She blushed even though she knew they couldn't see it through her jeans.

"Hey Margaret..." Replied Mordecai.

Rigby nudged Mordecai in the shoulder, signaling to finally tell Margaret how he feels.

You see, they had planned early that he would do this, but he wasn't sure he was ready...

But it was too late anyway, Margaret had left to get their coffee.

When she got to the back she really really had to go. She wished Eileen hadn't been sick today. Eileen could of took her shift long enough so she could go to the bathroom. But she didn't really have time. She hoped Mordecai couldn't see her. But he could.

She got the coffees, but she felt a couple more drops.

She had to put the coffees on the counter so she could hold her crotch.

"Now that's hoott..." Mordecai said to rigby.

"Dude, what's so hot about that?"

"I dunno......it's just..." Mordecai trailed off. He was busy staring at the desperate Margaret.

Margaret noticed that Mordecai and Rigby could see her. She also noticed she probably couldn't hold it much longer. She was so embarassed.

And then it happened. The pee starting flowing out and she couldn't stop it. Soon there was a big puddle around her on the floor.

Mordecai decided to go over to help clean up.

"Hey, uhh... do you want be to, like, uhhh, help you clean this up... or something..."

"Ummm, y-y-yeahh, I guess..... thanks Mordecai..."

"Yeahh, no problem..."

When Margaret's shift was finally over she went home to the apartment she was staying in and just plopped on the bed and started crying.

"Noww he'll neverr like meeeeee..."

But then her cell phone rang. And it was her ringtone specially for Mordecai.

"Hellooo?" she said picking up the phone. She was still crying a bit and hoped that Mordecai didn't notice...

"Margaret? Are you crying?"

"What? No...."

"Margaret what's wrong?"

"N-nothing, I'm fine... now why did you calll me?"

"Well, uh, I just called to see if, you like, wanted to go to like a fancy restaurant or something..."

"You mean like a d-date?"

"Well, yeah..."

"Sure..."

"Really?"

"Yeahh..."

"So, umm, what time do you want me to pick you up...?"

"I guess 5..."

She just hoped what happened earlier wouldn't happen again...

The End. If you have any requests feel free......x3

