What Rose Wrote

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2022-04-30 14:22

I don’t usually write fanfic. But when I do it’s based on obscure novels from the nineteenth century. This story is set in Boston in the late 1880s. If you haven’t read the letter Rose keeps mentioning it’s available here

.

MY ADORED KATY - I long for your next visit, my heart beats so quickly at the very thought of holding you in my arms again. The touch of your hand in mine, our sweet kisses. Please tell me you can come soon my dearest. I fear I’ll waste away with you so far from West Cedar street. And we can’t have that.

Thank you for sending on the very interesting letter sweet Clover wrote you. My sympathies that it should be your sisters in such a story as you would otherwise find so stimulating. How did you respond? I hope you don’t mind that I’ve taken her letter to bed with me the last two nights. In my mind’s eye it is you and me in the situation poor Clover and Elsie were caught in. Even writing about it is making me flush, my dearest. Would you perhaps like me to recount a similar tale that happened to me? A passage I deeply hope you take into your own bed.

I certainly sympathise that control only becomes increasingly impossible once one has borne a child, though as you know I was never granted much of that blessing prior to confinement. Nowatimes if I’m not quite careful I can very easily find myself in a position where becoming rather wet is an inevitability. Especially as I am very often uncareful. If you keep reading this letter Katy, my love, I assure you that you becoming rather wet is also an inevitability. My suggestion is you rub the wetness away with those lovely long skilful fingers of yours. And if you find that this petting is only producing still more wetness that you do not quit.

I was very uncareful yesterday, Katy. I couldn’t help myself, after reading Clover’s letter, I simply had to feel what she felt. I walked down to the Common, already feeling a need. It was a beautiful clear day. The tulips were nodding their pretty heads and clouds of magnolia blossom drifted above. And I could not fully appreciate them for my need was becoming increasingly great. That tight tension in your belly, the tempting tingling in your lap. Were it raining perhaps I’d have done as they do in the High Valley and allowed it to run down my legs amongst the flowers. Perhaps you could join me if it’s raining next we see each other? How I would love to piss myself as you are doing the same by my side. I promise I will pet away the wetness from your pussy when we return to West Cedar street!

Yesterday however, I could not bring myself to let it happen. You know I’ve struggled with the execution of truly intentional clothed wetting. I lack your talent I’m afraid. I rushed to the safety of West Cedar street and home. Though you mustn’t be disappointed! For my neighbor, Mrs Hudson, a charming older lady whose husband also went to sea, I must introduce you, accosted me with a truly interminable tale.

I swear I tried to break away, dearest. I swear I tried repeatedly to subtly suggest that I simply must leave her and get inside. Though I must confess that being unable to politely escape was a thrill. I didn’t hear a word she said, not a word, so focused was I on containing my flood. Holding back my dam until the last possibly second. I fear I’d have cried with disappointment had she acquiesced to my feeble attempts at liberty.

You know what happens next. The first tiny dribbles sneaking slowly past my defences, soaking steadily through my underthings and then streaming down my silk stockings. A scalding surge making me… wet. Mrs Hudson noticed the pattering between my shoes and the ever expanding puddle at once. I could hardly hide it! With eyes as big as tart tins she broke off midstory and insisted that I better “hurry inside dear”. I did of course! I needed to try to rub away the new and even more pressing need between my legs. At the time I must tell you I was very successful. But I’m afraid the need is back and only your flickering fingers can quell it, my love. Please do come, Katy, my heart.

Also do visit West Cedar street. I’ll slake your needs with my quick tongue, and my wit, of course.

MY ENDLESS LOVE, ROSE

