The wedding (based on a true story)

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2025-11-18 10:50

Katy, only just turned eighteen, felt sophisticated and utterly grown-up in her brand-new, light pink trouser suit. The tailoring was sharp, a size 8 that perfectly fit her 5 foot 2 frame. It was purchased specifically to mark her transition to adulthood at her cousin's wedding. Standing in the buzzing, hot corner of the pub, a pint of cider in hand, she chatted easily with her cousins.

"One last round before we have to go be sensible at the church!" Liam declared.

Katy’s stomach knotted. She was in agony. The desperate urge to use the loo had been building for the last half hour, a relentless, painful pressure. But excusing herself now felt like admitting she couldn't handle her drink like a "grown-up."

"Absolutely," Katy chirped, forcing a casual smile. "Let’s make it a quick one."

The next fifteen minutes were pure, silent torture. She sat rigid, her hands pressed so tightly between her knees that her knuckles were white.

The group quickly crossed the village high street to the nearby church.

The cousins slipped into a back pew just as the wedding service began. Katy slumped down beside her mother, Jane, who at 5 foot 8 and a solid size 20, radiated an imposing presence.

Jane frowned at the creases in the pink suit and Katy's odd demeanour but said nothing.

As the officiant started the final blessing, a tiny, explosive hiccup escaped Katy. Her bladder control instantly shattered. A hot gush of pee flooded her knickers and escaped into her trousers. She gasped, stifling the sound, watching in horror as a dark, deep stain instantly blossomed across the delicate pink fabric,making a hand sized wet patch on her crotch.

The final prayer ended, and the congregation rose.

"Mum, we have to go now," Katy choked out, her voice tight with raw shame.

Jane glanced down and saw the dark stain. Her face immediately froze into a mask of cold disgust. "Katy! Are you serious? Now? We are supposed to be in the photos!

"Use the loo here Katy"

"Mum, there are 15 people in the queue for one toilet and half of them are about 80 years old, please can we go to the hotel, it's my only hope"

The drive back to the Premier Inn was silent, charged with Jane’s bitter disappointment.

Once in the room, Katy rushed toward the bathroom, but the sudden rush of safety was too much. She barely cleared the threshold before a heavier, second flow of urine gushed out, soaking the front of her trousers, pooling in her high heels and wetting the pale beige carpet.

Katy stood there, saturated and shaking. Jane stared at the damp patch, her face a mask of cold fury. "Katy, look at the mess you've made. This is absolutely pathetic," she hissed. You've ruined that beautiful suit, and we were supposed to go straight to the reception!"

"You acted like a child at the pub, and now you're pissing yourself like a toddler. You are eighteen. Stop acting like a baby!"

After a miserable, tear-filled clean-up, Katy was forced to put on her only other clean bottoms: a pair of old, baggy, grey track bottoms. The elegant pink jacket and silk blouse on her top half was a terrible match for the tracksuit bottoms and trainers below.

Jane forced Katy to accompany her down to reception to explain the carpet mess, the humiliation of standing there in the ridiculous tracksuit bottom uniform stinging Katy to the core.

Later that evening, at the wedding reception, Katy felt everyone’s eyes on her mismatched outfit.

Jane maintained a frosty, silent distance.

Katy saw her Aunt Morag holding court nearby. "Well, look at Katy," Morag boomed. "Wearing those ridiculous old things instead of that lovely pink suit. I suppose she pissed herself again, didn't she?

Honestly, she was always accident prone. She wet herself at my barbecue a couple of years ago."

"You'd think she'd grow out of it."

The words sliced through the air.

In a fit of despair, Katy surrendered to failure. She marched to the bar, ignoring Jane's furious look, and ordered a double vodka and coke.

Hours later, Katy was swaying, giggling, and singing along to Mr Brightside very loudly and very badly.

Jane finally hauled her toward the exit and into the waiting taxi.

Katy slumped heavily against the seat, drifting in and out of consciousness.

Then a sudden, jarring jolt from the taxi’s brakes made her body seize, Katy lost control entirely.

A massive, warm rush saturated the seat beneath her, soaking through the thick grey track bottoms.

"Oh, no," Katy mumbled drunkenly.

Jane immediately smelled the sharp, unmistakable odour of urine. Her face contorted with sheer disgust and fury. "Katy! Again? In a taxi? You are unbelievable!"

Jane paid the driver an exorbitant clean-up fee and practically dragged Katy back to the hotel room.

The next morning, Katy woke up,naked from the waist down with a crushing headache and a profound sense of disgrace. Her only dry, clean options were gone.

"Mum, I have no clothes for the drive home," Katy whispered.

Jane pointedly retrieved her own pair of dark indigo jeans. "You certainly aren't wearing those pissy wet things. And I'm not buying you new ones. Take these but you'll have to go commando"

"I'll have to wear my wedding outfit"

Katy pulled on her mother’s size 20 jeans. On Katy's size 8 frame, they were laughably enormous. The denim was heavy, and the waistband was so vast it hung inches away from her waist. The crotch dropped halfway to her knees, and she had to roll the cuffs up multiple times to stop them dragging on the floor. She looked ridiculous, likea child playing dress up.

The journey was long and silent.

"Mum," Katy whispered, dreading the reaction. "Could we stop at the next services? I really need the loo."

Jane sighed loudly. "Fine. But be quick. After yesterday, I can't even look at you."

They pulled into a busy motorway service station. As Katy unbuckled her seatbelt and moved to get out of the car, the huge jeans immediately began to slide down revealing just a tiny bit of pubic hair.

Katy had no choice but to use both hands to clutch the waistband of the enormous jeans, gathering the excess fabric at her hips to prevent them from dropping. She shuffled out of the car and began the slow, public walk.

She waddled across the carpark and through the automatic doors, acutely aware of the people glancing at her ridiculous outfit. Her feet shuffled to compensate for the sag of the low-hanging crotch, and she kept her eyes fixed on the 'Ladies' sign, walking with the peculiar, bowed-legged gait necessary to keep her mother's massive jeans secured with both hands. It was the final, wretched humiliation of the trip.

*002*2025-11-18 15:01

{{3 hours ago, Thegame123 said:

Awesome story Katy, I’m intrigued how much was based on a true story?

}}

I should have said it was based on a few true stories!

I did wet myself in a pink trouser suit at my cousins wedding after drinking underage but the accident happened in my hotel room part way through the evening.

I did once pass out and piss myself in the back of a taxi when I was at Uni.

The part about borrowing mum's jeans and them being far too big is also true but it wasn't because I wet myself. We were in Cambridge for the weekend, I was 14 and very cocky.

It was a summers evening about 8pm, we were walking to get the train home I had my clothes and toileteries in the backpack I was wearing.

I decided to jump into a boat that was tied up on the riverbank. I missed my footing and pretty much jumped into The Cam instead!

All the clothes shops were shut so I had to get changed in the Station toilets and wear my mums clothes for the journey home. In the story mum's size is accurate but I wasn't even 5 foot tall and weighed about 7 stone so her clothes were far too big!

