Melony and Daughter: Role Reversal

Author: WetCountry

*000*2014-03-08 11:38

Solo stories are usually not my thing, but I think it's about time I flex my creative muscles. So here's my first story I'm gonna post on here. I hope the first chapter hooks you in and you want to see more! (Also, I hope it's not too long.)

Chapter 1

The teacher crossed her legs as she scribbled away on the blackboard. She gripped the side of her skirt rather tightly. Too much coffee and an overconfidence that she could hold it until she got home made her bladder ache, but she was in the middle of class, no time for a bathroom break. Mei was in a similar state, sitting at her desk with her stocking-clad legs tightly crossed. She fidgeted and squirmed as she looked around the room, her face turning red. After looking up at the clock and realizing class was far from over, she raised her hand. The teacher turned, hunched over slightly. "Yes Mei? What is it?" secretly she was thankful that she now had a question to answer. Anything that required her attention was a welcome distraction from her full bladder. Mei bit her lower lip gently before looking up at the teacher, her eyes a bit watery as her need worsened, "May I be excused for just a sec?"

"You need to use the bathroom? Sorry Mei, but you should have gone before class." The teacher almost cringes as she says this, knowing exactly how Mei feels right now. But she has never let a student go before, and she wasn't about to change that. If she expected them to wait all those times, then she had to wait as well. She was not going to be one of those teachers the students called a hypocrite. Mei winces as she hears her answer, "But it's really bad! I wouldn't ask if I thought I could hold it." she complains, now kicking her legs back and forth beneath her desk, as her hand reaches down between them, clutching her crotch through her skirt and panties. The teacher just shook her head though, as she gave her own crotch a squeeze too. "If I can wait, so can you. It's the last class of the day, so just be patient." Embarrassed of what she just admitted, she was nonetheless satisfied that her students at least knew she was fair.

Mei bent forward deeply and nodded, squeezing her crotch very tightly and deciding she'd just have to hold it until the end of the day, starting to shiver a bit as her bladder makes its fullness known to her. The teacher pushed herself through the lesson, subtly pee-dancing throughout the whole thing. She clutched at her tight mini skirt and stepped in place from time to time, even openly holding herself for increasingly long periods. Eventually, reluctantly, the teacher put her hand in her crotch and left it there, teaching the rest of the lesson one-handed. Mei tried not to pay attention to the teacher's rather obvious need to use the bathroom as it only reminded her of her own incredibly urgent need. Somehow, she managed to make it until the end of class, standing up and running as fast as she could to get on the bus, only to have to sit down and hold it even longer during the ride home. It's times like this that Mei was glad she lived so close to her school.

But throughout the trip, they hit several bumps in the road, and every light decided to be red that day. Finally, they arrived on Mei's street. Her mom was waiting in the front door for her. Mei hastily made her way off the bus, having had the foresight to sit in the front seat. Oh, sweet relief at last! she thought as she tried to run past her mother, both hands between her legs and eyes watering with intense desperation. "B-bathroom!" is all she managed to say, kicking off her shoes quickly before hurrying in the direction of the toilet. "We do not run to the bathroom in this household, young lady! You will walk like a dignified woman." came her mother's voice, almost sounding like it had more to say. "Mmh, s-sorry mom." Mei replies in a frantic voice, her legs tightly pressed together. But before she could open the bathroom door, she hears that voice speaking to her again.

"By the way, I got a call from your teacher." Melony's eyes met her daughter's directly, making sure she had her attention. "...she said you were being disruptive? Bugging her for the bathroom when you knew bathroom breaks during her class were not allowed?" Mei bends over slightly as she rests against the wall, her feet curled against the carpeted floor as she tried her hardest not to flood her panties. She can only whimper and nod in response. "What have I told you about being responsible with your bathroom urges? You can't let your full bladder tell you what to do, and you need to use the bathroom only when it's convenient. So no, you may not use it right now.

"B-but I'm gonna pee myself!" she says, in a strained voice. A rather obvious bladder bulge makes itself known through her blouse, tormenting the girl. "Well you'll just have to wait." comes Melony's response. "Come on, please? My bladder can't get any fuller." Mei pleaded. To her surprise though, her mother slipped her fingers under the sides of her pajama bottoms and yanked them down, exposing a tight, tiny pair of panties that barely covered her, and a rather large and obvious bladder bulge.

"I need to pee too. I was just about to use the bathroom when your teacher called but I waited so I could answer the phone, and then I waited again so I'd catch you as soon as you got back. If I can hold it, so can you." Melony was quite attractive, especially for her age. She proudly sported an hourglass figure with rather large, strong thighs, and enormous breasts to match. The one time she showed up at school to bring Mei home early, enough boys saw her for word to spread that Mei had, as they put it, a "milf", with cell phone pictures having been covertly taken and shared to back this up. Mei was pretty easy on the eyes herself, her mother's genes ever-present in her ample ass and hips that swayed beautifully as she walked, and a chest that impressed.

But right now, she just looked a mess, as she squirmed frantically in front of her mom, her face turning just a bit red from embarrassment as her curvy mother flashes her panties and abdomen like that. "B-but you don't ever have to wait, like I do. You always get a choice." she explains, still talking kinda quietly with that strained voice, putting most of her energy into keeping her panties dry.

"My bladder is plenty strong. And it got that way through practice, like yours will." Melony approached her daughter, standing confident and straight with each feminine step with no visible signs that she needs to pee as bad as her bulge would indicate. "Feel it." she says, inviting Mei to rub her bladder. Her left hand still squeezing her crotch tightly, Mei timidly reached out with her right one to give her mother's bladder a rub. It feels almost solid. "You want to press it, don't you? Go on then." Melony says. And Mei does just that, pushing forward with her hand against her mother's bladder. Melony's eyes twitch just a bit as if she was about to wince, but she maintains her composure, her hands on her hips.

"It's safe to say my bladder is much fuller than yours, and you don't see me complaining, do you? You can't even tell I need to go, can you?" Mei exhales, reluctantly answering, "I can't tell, no." With that, Melony walks off into the kitchen, still without any pants, and a revealing pajama top that barely held her enormous breasts in place. She returns with a mug of coffee, sitting down on the couch and crossing her thick thighs while she watches her daughter try to hold it in. Mei suddenly pushes both hands between her legs and starts bouncing up and down, frantically. "Please let me pee! I won't disrupt class again, just please let me go!" she begs, moments away from wetting herself as her bladder reaches its limits. "No Mei. The more you whine the longer you're going to have to wait. You need to learn to maintain your composure even when you're about to burst, like I can." Melony answers, gulping that mug down like it was nothing.

Mei suddenly gasps as she feels a small spurt escape, just barely dampening the crotch of her white cotton panties. "But I'm about to pee myself! Can't I just learn to maintain my composure some other time?" The daughter pleads. "No." Came her mother's response. "Your bladder doesn't wait for you to be ready for it. You could end up like this anywhere at any time." Melony approaches her daughter once again, tugging her skirt down and undoing her shirt, enough to see her lower abdomen, giving it a rub. "You could be fuller." she says matter-of-factly. Mei feels another spurt escape when her mother rubs there. "No, I can't! Honestly!" Melony gasps. "Mei! Are you losing control in front of me?" Mei shyly nods, her legs shaking as her need gets worse and worse. "I-I'm sorry! I can't hold it!"

"I still can't let you go." Melony answers. "You should be able to hold it until you're allowed. I'm not going to spoil you, you're not a kid." As she stands by, she folds her arms underneath her breasts, consequently pushing them up, as she watches her daughter lose control. Mei starts whimpering louder, feeling another long spurt escape. This one trails down her left leg, wetting her stockings a little bit. "Please!" she cries out. But to no avail, as Melony just shakes her head. "No Mei. If you're going to act like a little girl, you can pee yourself like one." she adds, "...And don't you dare pull your panties down." Mei only lasts a few more seconds before a soft hissing sound is heard, and soon her skirt, panties, and stockings are completely soaked as a warm puddle drips down beneath her feet. "A-ahhhhh..." she moans, both panicked and relaxed. When it's all over, her mom lets out a big sigh.

"What am I gonna do with you?" She shakes her head, bending down in front of her daughter and yanking off her skirt and stockings. "Guess these will have to go right in the laundry." she turns her daughter around and feels her ass. "...Your panties are completely soaked too. You should really know better than to wet yourself like this." she leaves Mei's panties on and tosses her skirt and stockings in the laundry bin. Mei whimpers a little bit as she stands there in her soaking wet panties.

"I still don't get why you don't have to hold it like I do. If your bladder can really take it, why don't you wait too?" Melony sighs yet again, "Fine. If you insist. Then how about this? Starting tomorrow morning after you wake up, I can't take my next pee until you give me permission. Sound fair?" Mei ponders for a moment, and answers, "But, how do I know you won't just forbid me from peeing until I let you go?" her mom has already thought this through, and says to her, "In that case, you can decide when you get to go as well. But just until you let me pee. Mei gives her mother a little smile, nodding a couple of times. "A-alright, it's a deal." she says, her face beet red as she stands there with her wet panties exposed in front of her mom.

"I'll even be sure to drink plenty of liquids." Melony says. "Now go get yourself cleaned up and go eat dinner." Melony pulls her pajama top off, wearing nothing but panties now as her breasts bob out freely with no shirt to contain them. Mei runs to the bathroom, leaving her wet clothes on the floor. Her mom picks them up, and carries them along with her pajama top into the laundry room, putting them in the machine and returning the kitchen in time to find her daughter finishing her dinner. Melony stays in her state of undress for the remainder of the day. When she goes to bed, she passes by her daughter's room, noticing she's already asleep, eager to put the day behind her...

*008*2014-03-13 05:34

I'm loving that you guys are loving this. Let me just address some questions that none of you asked but that I'm worried someone might:

### Mei is not a loli. In the original first draft of the first chapter, she was. But I'm not really a loli person, and I figured a more mature mind would be capable of being more sadistic. So for all the right reasons, I decided to make her older. She may appear a bit immature in the opening of chapter 1, and that's because I probably didn't change enough of the dialogue to reflect an older "tone".

### I am aware that I changed tenses several times in the first chapter. Past-tense is easier for me, but I like present-tense more, so I guess you could say I couldn't make up my mind. This time I tried to stick to past-tense.

I hope you enjoy chapter 2! Feel free to criticize though.

Chapter 2

The next morning, Mei was awoken by a full bladder bugging her to be emptied. She yawned, stretching her arms as she sat up in her bed. She badly wanted to lay back down, but her bladder was too demanding and she knew she wouldn't be able to fall back asleep anyway. Reluctantly, she climbed out of bed, shuffling out the door with a hand between her legs to find her mom so she could ask for permission to take her morning pee. As she passed by the bathroom, it hit her. "Oh that's right!" she said to herself, a devilish smile appearing across her pretty face. Mei turned around and headed straight back into the bathroom, her sleepiness haze finally clearing up as memories of last night returned to her. She sliped her panties down and settled on the toilet, letting loose and thinking enthusiastically about the promise her mom made her. She locked the door, not expecting her mom to be needing in there, as she turned the shower on and proceeded to clean up and get ready for the day.

Finally, Mei emerged from the bathroom, fully refreshed but still wearing her sleep clothes: panties and a tight, midriff-baring tanktop. She headed out to the kitchen where she expected her mom to be, and sure enough there was Melony, one leg crossed over the other with a foot tapping on the floor while she sat at the table, breakfast ready for her daughter. She was still just in her panties, and behind her was an empty coffee pot that looked like it had been used recently, that suspicion confirmed by an empty mug sitting in front of her on the table. "Oh good, you're finally out." Melony said. Mei expected her to get up, but she stayed in her chair. "Yeah, do you need in there?" Mei asked, having noted the slight fidgeting. "Oh, no sweetie. I won't be needing back in there today." she said, with a smile.

Won't be needing 'back' in there. As if to imply she was already in there once today. Mei noticed her mom's hair looked like it had just finished drying. "So did you use the bathroom then?" she asked. "Oh, no hun. Of course not, I just showered. I did say you could decide that for me this time. I wouldn't go back on a promise." she gave a reassuring smile. Yes, she remembered! But Mei didn't see her mom pee before bed last night. Perhaps Melony went just before midnight, to make sure she could outlast her daughter's game. But just to make sure, Mei felt compelled to ask.

"Did you... um, pee, last night, then?" The embarrassment she felt as she said that out loud caused her to blush a bit, knowing what her question implied. Melony looked up. And to Mei's surprise, gave the answer she wanted so badly to hear but was absolutely certain she wouldn't, "No, I decided it wasn't urgent enough to bother going." Mei's eyes widened as these words reached her disbelieving ears. "You didn't... you said you... But..." the right words just wouldn't come to her, she was so in awe.

Melony could interpret her daughter's question though. She smiled as she answered, "No, I never did pee after you got home. I'm still holding it." she spoke so casually, though inside she was proud of her own endurance. She stood up and approached the fridge, retrieving a bottle of water. Her ample, and unusually perky breasts jiggled with every step she made. Melony's bladder wasn't the only part of her that was impressively big.

"Your bladder must need relief soon." Mei said, recalling when her mom let her touch it and how full it felt even then. Surely she must be bursting at the seams by now, not to mention the added coffee. "My bladder isn't in command, I am. It can wait as long as I tell it to." Came Melony's confident answer, as she popped open the water bottle and gulped it down. Mei watched, almost in horror, as her mom chugged until the bottle was empty in a matter of seconds. "Ahhhh." exhaled Melony as she caught her breath and the cool liquid ran through her. "Or as long as you tell it to." she added, as she retook her seat at the table.

"Well, you must feel pretty full right now..." was Mei's response, feeling less embarrassed now that her mom was being so direct. The reality of the situation was just starting to set in, that she was the one in control now. "Yes, actually. I don't 'need' a visit to the bathroom, but I could really use one.'" Was Melony's response. But the way she said it, as her eyes met her daughter's, it almost looked like she was pleading with her. Mei noted the way her mom was sitting. From beneath the table, she had her legs apart, but she was jiggling one of them at a quick pace, a fidgety sign that gave away the pressure her bladder must surely have felt by then.

Mei's eyes wandered off to the side, hiding from her mom's, as she stuttered shyly, "I hope y-you aren't expecting me to... let you p-pee right now." This was it. Mei had officially crossed the line between her and the authority she would now be exercising. In spite of the deal they had, in spite of her mom reminding her of the deal they had, Mei's gut feeling as the words left her mouth was still that she was about to get in trouble for what she just said. Her gut was wrong.

"Oh, of course not, hun." Came her mom's response. "You don't have to make this easy for me." A smile formed across Mei's face, a smile she did not tell her mouth to make. The excitement was so intense she felt as if it would burst out of her, like if she opened her mouth, a beam of concentrated excitement would shoot out and scorch everything in front of her. "Okay, good. Because you may not." she said, automatic grin still going strong. Melony answered with a nod and a smile, this one more forced, though not fake.

"Would you mind, um, standing up?" was Mei's next question. Melony did as she was asked, leaving her chair and facing her daughter as she guessed in her head where this might be going. Mei stared, eyes fixed on the bulge in her mom's lower abdomen. Was it bigger than it was last night? Or was that just her imagination? No, those panties look even tighter than they did before. It must be getting bigger. Mei approached, slowly, sticking her hand out cautiously as she got within touching distance. The daughter looked as if she was trying to pet a bear, her hesitant approach bringing Melony a bit of amusement. Mei placed her hand on her mom's lower abdomen and rubbed. It was warm... and stiff. Now or never. She thought, as she pushed in.

Melony stepped back, crossing her legs tightly and bending over. "H-hun, can you not do that again please?" she said with a strained smile, as she regained her composure and stood back up straight. Mei's confidence grew. "I was just checking how full you are." She dismissed, then adding, "Are you afraid you'll leak if I do that again?" This poked at Melony's pride. "Oh, no sweetie of course not." was her answer, which she said rather fast. Almost too fast, like she was trying really hard not to portray any hesitation. "Oh good, then it shouldn't be a problem if I do that from time to time." Mei insisted. Melony couldn't argue. "Well then, we need to get dressed!" came Mei's change of subject. "Oh, what for?" asked her mom. "In case I want to go somewhere, duh!" Mei teased. "You didn't think you could just sit at home all day and hold it, did you?"

*011*2014-03-26 07:46

Sorry I took my sweet time on this one. Hope you like this chapter! I appreciate all the feedback.

Chapter 3

First, a fresh pair of panties. Melony stood in front of her dresser gently slipping off the pair she had, replacing them with a similar, light pink cotton pair that barely covered her and fit her form perfectly, revealing much detail through the fabric. Next came the matching pink brassier, which required more effort for a woman of her... proportions. She squirmed and bobbed as she wrestled with her support. Some much-needed relief from the back pain soon followed as she clicked the fastener into place and tugged on the front to position it just right. Most of her bras had to be special-ordered. With underwear in position, it was time to pick an outfit.

She slid open her pant drawer, which required her to bend over to reach it, a motion that her bladder was not that happy about as she winced. Inside, jeans, sweatpants, skirts, mini skirts, really mini skirts, and a pair of jean shorts so tiny they barely qualified as "daisy dukes", shorts she only ever even thought about wearing when her husband was home. Her eyes gravitated towards the skirts, and she threw on a loose pink mini, the kind that flutters in the wind rather than hugging her legs like a sloth, "schoolgirl" in appearance as opposed to "business woman". She finished her outfit with a yellow, clevage-baring v-neck t-shirt, and emerged from her room looking fresh and ready to attack the day.

"Why the skirt?" were Mei's first words for her dressed mom. She was sitting on the couch, keeping her eyes on the door in case Melony tried to sneak off for a pee. "Are jeans too tight around your bladder?" was her follow-up question. "Of course not, hun. I just thought we'd look cuter if we matched. But I'll go change if you insist." Mei herself was wearing a similar pink, schoolgirl-esque mini, though one far too short to be up to dress code, along with a tanktop similar to the one she wore to bed, although this one was cleaner.

Perhaps, if unconciously, Melony had in fact been avoiding jeans because she feared how tight they'd feel on her bladder. Mei dictating her mom's outfit wasn't part of the deal, but she wasn't about to back down from a challenge, even an implied one. And although it was tempting to go without a belt, she knew she had to wear one anyway, since she always did. It would be too obvious to forego it on the very day she had to prove her bladder capacity to her daughter. So Melony re-emerged in a tight, form-fitting pair of jeans and a belt that secured everything tightly, still maintaining that energetic glow in spite of the added pressure.

"So." Melony began, "Whereto today?" Mei stood up and answered, "Hold that thought, let me pee before we head out." And she headed toward the bathroom. Her mom's first instinct was to stop her and make her ask permission, but she stopped herself, finally coming to terms that the power balance had shifted today. Mei had already comfortably settled into her new role, and hence didn't bother to turn around to check and see if her mom was trying to stop her. She actually didn't need to go that bad, she just wanted to make her mom jealous, and it was working. Outside Melony tapped her foot at a constant pace, trying a little too hard to stand in a natural pose. She noticed a bottle of water positioned on the kitchen counter, full and unopened, clearly left by Mei. Melony did promise to drink plenty of fluids, and she was feeling thirsty. The fact that she even had to think about it hurt her pride a little, so she seized the bottle and chugged it decisively.

Mei was in and out of the toilet in a matter of minutes, and the loud flushing taunted Melony, making her more aware of her bladder as she crossed her legs where she stood, trying to play it off like she was casually shifting positions. "Alright mom." Mei said, pretending not to notice the crossed legs, "I wanna go shopping!" she announced. Oh no. was Melony's first instinctive thought. She was hoping for a quick errand or at most, a movie. Something she could sit still for and wait out, but by "shopping", her daughter no doubt meant "the mall", and Mei does not "shop" at a mall, she "invades" it. But pride still taking the wheel, Melony didn't raise any objections. "That's fine, dear." she said.

"Before we leave, do you want to use the bathroom?" Mei figured her mom had to be dying for a piss by now. "May I?" came Melony's response, which she gave with a tone of indifference. "Well, do you really 'need' to use the bathroom? Or can it wait?" asked Mei. "It can wait, of course." Melony answered honestly. Full as her bladder was feeling, she could easily hold it longer. Even if she couldn't, she'd probably never admit it. "Very well, then you may not pee yet." Mei stated. And with that, the two of them got in the car and took off. Melony couldn't cross her legs while driving, but there were plenty of lights and signs and other cars to keep her mind off her bladder, and after about ten minutes of driving, she forgot about it.

"Hey, let's get lunch!" Mei suddenly commanded, as she pointed out a drive-thru. If Mei was having her stop for meals, that only confirmed Melony's suspicions that they'd be out a while. But she raised no objections and the two of them pulled up. Mei ordered a burger and the largest soda she could get. Melony, a chicken sandwich and, not to be outdone, she ordered the same drink size as her daughter. They paid for their order and pulled around to the last window to receive it.

Melony handed the food bag to Mei, and reached back out to receive both drinks. These things were huge, so much so that they were illegal in a few cities. And as her hands gripped the icy cold, damp sides of the cups, she was reminded of the ocean she was harboring in her bladder, and it all came rushing back at once, with the addition of that extra bottle she had just before leaving. She sat as still as stone for as long as she thought she could before her daughter would notice, fighting with her bladder in silence to get it under control.

Melony made a strategic move, pulling into the parking lot. "Let's eat here, I don't want to keep switching between my food and the wheel." The excuse seemed to check out with Mei. Finally once they were parked, Melony could lift her leg up and cross it over the other, squeezing her crotch closed with her thighs. The two of them picked away at their meals. Melony made sure to finish her food, hoping it would slow down all the liquid she was taking in. By the time the two of them were done eating, Melony had things under control again, and cautiously uncrossed her legs.

As she looked out the window preparing to take off, she caught a glimpse of the restaurant, and could almost feel that bathroom calling to her. Couldn't hurt to ask, so she did. "Hun, before we take off, may I use the bathroom?" To her dismay, though not at all unexpected, her daughter refused. "I don't think you really need it yet." was Mei's answer, followed by, "...so you can wait." How far was Mei going to take this? Melony had to wonder. Surely my daughter will let me go if I'm really bursting. She convinced herself of this as she said, "Alright." and pulled out of the lot.

Whenever they came to stoplights, Melony sipped from her enormous drink. Full as she was feeling, she expected her bladder to be able to handle whatever she put in it. What she wasn't expecting was to see Mei keeping up with her on that soda. Both of their absurd drinks were empty by the time they arrived at the mall parking lot, and Melony tried hard not to think about what that liquid would feel like when it reached her bladder.

Instead, she turned to her daughter and asked, "Are you sure you're going to be alright with drinking that much?" That cup had to contain more liquid than most people drink in a day. Mei shrugged and said, "If I need to use the bathroom, I'll just go." and Melony was reminded once again that she wouldn't have authority over that today. Mei sprang out of the car, and Melony took her time, trying not to provoke her bladder as she lifted herself out. Once they started walking though, Melony looked more normal. These two curvy women, with their hips swaying side-by-side, attracted many glances from passerby as they walked in and entered the mall.

*013*2014-03-26 17:39

{{: 

How old is mei??? :P

}}

As I mentioned in an earlier post, Mei was originally a loli when this story started as an RP between me and a friend, which is why she sounds younger in the first chapter. But I decided to make her older due to personal preferences. I don't actually have a definite image of her in my mind and hence not a definite age either, but I picture her looking vaguely like the "Mega Milk" girl

Or someone even

Curvier

. All of these examples look to me to be about 18, so I guess, gun to my head, I'd say she's 18. Does that make sense?

I may rewrite parts of the first chapter to make Mei sound more mature like she's supposed to. Also for those curious, I picture Melony looking something like this

.

*015*2014-03-27 08:38

You can interpret her as younger if you want. I left the age ambiguous deliberately. In fact, I probably just should've given that as an answer in the first place, but I guess declaring her "18" by canon is my way of covering my ass.

*018*2014-04-18 09:03

Had writer's block for a while, but finally found the strength. Expect Chapter 5 very soon.

Chapter 4

Melony hoped to herself that her daughter would run out of cash to spend within an hour or two, but what she didn't realize is that Mei had been saving up for a while, "just in case". And today, Mei decided, was the case. "Where to?" Melony asked. Mei took her mom by the hand and said "Clothes!", and the two of them were off. Mei was nearly jogging, partly from excitement and partly to force Melony to move fast to keep up. This quick pace caused her breasts to bob and jiggle, and more importantly, made all that liquid slosh around in her bladder, irritating it even more. It took much effort to contain it without using her hand, Melony forced to rely on muscle control alone.

When they finally came to a stop and Mei let go, Melony searched for a bench or something to sit on, lucking out when she spotted the chairs in the dressing room. "I'll be in there." she said, pointing it out to her daughter. "There's no bathrooms in there, you know." came Mei's snarky reply. Melony rolled her eyes before heading in to take a seat. At least sitting down she only had to worry about keeping that pee in, and not keeping her balance. She fidgeted, alternating between crossed legs and legs pressed together. Anything to avoid using a hand. Mei took her time collecting stuff in a pile to try on. At first her shoulder could bear the burden, but after a while she was forced to go find a basket. And eventually, another basket. She piled in all sorts of outfits, taking more than half an hour to pick everything out.

Meanwhile Melony was finally starting to feel comfortable, having had the time to relax and concentrate on controlling herself. Her bladder seemed to get used to the pressure and accept that it was there. Control regained, she felt silly for struggling so much earlier. But that confidence started to evaporate when her daughter plopped down the baskets beside her. They landed with a THUD, and the sight of these two baskets both filled beyond capacity and overflowing with clothes only served as a painful reminder of the challenge Melony still had to face. "Hun." Melony said, "It looks like you're going to be trying on clothes for a while. Easily enough time for me to use the bathroom, so can I have permission to go now?" Mei grinned and enthusiastically replied, "No way! Who else is going to tell me how I look?" she picked up one of the baskets and headed into the dressing room.

First, Mei came out in these beat-up looking, faded jeans and a black t-shirt with expletives written across the chest. "How do I look?" she said, turning around. "You look like someone who just robbed a homeless person. Why would you pay for pants like that?" Mei just smirked and returned to the dressing room. She came out again in a tiny pair of form-fitting shorts known colloquially as "booty shorts", with half her ass hanging out and cameltoe somewhat visible. "Mei!" Melony exclaimed, "Put some pants on before someone sees you!"

"Hahaha... oh mom. These are my pants." her daughter answered, prompting Melony to sigh and roll her eyes. A few more outfits and disapproving remarks followed, Melony shifting in her seat and jiggling her legs all the while, before Mei finally returned in the clothes she came in with. "Wait, what about the other basket?" Melony asked. "Oh, that basket's not for me!" Mei answered, looking at her mom expectantly.

"Oh no, hun I can't." Melony was already starting to eye the bathrooms again. "I'm not really up for trying on all sorts of outfits with a full bladder." Mei wore a look of disappointment as she said, "I thought you said your bladder could wait as long as you told it to. Are you afraid you'll wet yourself?" Melony dug her own grave with the confidence she displayed earlier that morning. She rolled her eyes and smiled to hide her concerns, and said. "Ok, fine, if you insist." as she carried the basket into the dressing room and Mei took a seat outside. One that door was closed, Melony started to squirm, bending over and bouncing as she struggled to undo her pants.

That massive drink was just starting to catch up with her, and she was really regretting not using the bathroom last night. Her bladder was bulging out so much, her belt was wrapped around it like a boa constrictor, almost too tight to remove. She had to push in her bladder a bit to lift the buckle, causing her to bend over even further in desperation. "Come on, come on..." she pleaded as she eventually wrestled it off, unzipping her pants immediately after and moaning with relief as her bladder was finally given room to breathe.

Luckily for Melony, Mei hadn't picked out anything likely to torture her bladder like those jeans did. The first outfit was a fancy, form-fitting, little low-cut dress that wrapped around her figure tightly but stretched enough to give her bladder a chance. "Classy!" Mei said as Melony reluctantly walked forward and back for her like this was some kind of fashion show. She repeated this process as she worked through various skirts and shirts Mei had left for her in the basket. Meanwhile, as Mei watched her mom parade around, she became increasingly aware of her own bladder's needs. It had been over an hour since the two of them drank those massive sodas, and she was starting to need to pee as well. Mei was leaning forward with her legs crossed and her arms beneath them by the time Melony was on the last outfit, a bikini that looked more her daughter's size.

The top looked like a bunch of strings compared to the massive breasts they struggled to contain, and the bottoms, which would normally have been enough to cover her, were inches away from exposing her crotch as her bulging bladder pushed them down. When her mom walked out in that non-outfit, boobs bouncing as if they had minds of their own and bladder bulge front and center, Mei covered her mouth with one hand and stuck the other between her legs to contain herself as she started to giggle. As embarrassing as it was, Melony wished she could wear the bikini out of the store, the way it left her bladder totally free to expand as much as it needed to, and it really needed to. The soda had completely caught up with her, and it took all of her strength not to squirm in front of her daughter, even with minimal clothing.

Reluctantly though, she had to put back on her regular outfit. She pulled up her jeans first, but put off zipping them back up as she dealt with her bra and shirt next, pee-dancing in place for the short time her legs weren't busy, hopping from foot to foot. Eventually though, she had to face that zipper. She cringed as she attempted to button up, needing to pull hard to make any progress. Once she was zipped, she immediately plunged a hand between her legs, her bladder in agony with restricted space once again.

She fought hard to keep from leaking, taking deep breaths as she attempted to stand straight. She removed her hand very cautiously, worried that any sudden movements might cause a leak. There was no way around it, she was desperate. Absolutely bursting now. She didn't even consider putting the belt on, she just looked at it and thought, Nope. She had a feeling Mei would bug her about that, but she would just have to be honest if her daughter asked, because there was no way she could get that belt back on. She simply placed it in her purse.

As she walked out with her stiff stance, forced smile and hands at her sides, the sight that awaited her was one of her daughter shamelessly pee-dancing. Melony wasn't the only one desperate anymore. When she saw her daughter move around like that though, she couldn't help but follow suit, unable to hide her desperation any longer as she bent over and bounced in place. To her relief, her daughter didn't notice the belt. Instead, Mei smiled and bit her lip, then said "Alright, I think it's time to use the bathroom."

*021*2014-05-09 03:02

I knew all along where I would go with this chapter, but it took me a while to decide how to write it. Hope you like it, I'm loving the support!

Chapter 5

Melony and Mei stood behind a long line of other women outside the ladies' rest room. It seemed to be a busy day, so the two of them would have to wait a bit longer to get relief. Mei shifted in place, rubbing her legs together and bending somewhat. She took out her cell phone to distract herself from her bladder, which hadn't finished filling yet. Melony was more stiff, keeping her legs together but trying really hard not to fidget, clenching her muscles tightly. Relief was so close, the thought of it alone was making it harder to hold. But she still had her pride on the line, and she amassed every ounce of strength within her to maintain her composure and dignity, at least for these last few moments before relief. But she, like her daughter, still had some liquid working its way toward her bladder, and this line was looking extensive enough to give it time to reach her.

Melony noticed her daughter's fidgeting and commented, "Do you think you can make it? That was a lot of soda, young lady." Mei looked back and rolled her eyes, "I should be asking you that. You didn't look much better off a few minutes ago." Melony shrugged. "I'm fine. I'm a grown woman, I can hold it." Ahead of them, several women of various ages stood in various levels of distress. Most of them only had to go moderately, but a few were rather obvious.

A woman in a business suit, biting her lip and tapping her foot. A group of girls, presumably all friends, all fidgeting and making fun of each other's fidgeting. One girl by herself, looking about Mei's age, stood in a tight pair of jeans with her legs crossed double while she texted someone. "Wow, what would make a girl put it off that long?" Mei whispered to her mom. "Oh I don't know..." Melony answered, "...she was probably too busy trying on clothes." Mei rolled her eyes again and smiled, "Very funny." she said as she crossed her legs.

As time passed the line got shorter, bit by bit. The group of giggling friends were no longer amongst the waiting, though the sharp-dressed woman and the lone girl were still there, as well as a few other people who were less obviously in need of relief. Mei's fidgeting turned into full-on pee dancing, as she crossed and uncrossed her legs, bounced and jiggled, stepping from side to side, bending over frequently. Her skirt shifted and fluttered with all the motion, exposing her panties repeatedly to whoever might be waiting behind her - mainly her mom and a few other women who had joined the line.

Mei didn't care, all she had on her mind right now was sweet relief. Even her mom was of no concern to her anymore, her bladder so full. Reluctantly, she reached up underneath her skirt and squeezed her crotch through her panties, the fabric of her underwear offering much less of a barrier than her skirt did. The business woman glared at this with envy and jealousy. Her skirt was longer and tighter, making it impossible for her to hold underneath it, and very difficult to hold through it. She was starting to get impatient, and sweat dripped down her cheek. But at least she was close to the front now.

The lone girl now had a hand between her legs at all times. Every few minutes she'd tilt to the side to look at the line ahead, sigh loudly, and look back down at her phone as she uncrossed and recrossed her legs. Eventually, she unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans. Like the business woman, Melony observed this display with jealousy. Though her overfilled bladder bulged out enough to render a belt pointless, she couldn't bring herself to unzip just yet, knowing she still had some fight in her. She couldn't stand still anymore though, finally giving in to the temptation to cross her legs and bounce. Mei would normally tease her about this, but her bladder was too full to even begin to think about that, and the line felt like it was moving at a rate of one person an hour.

Eventually they made it to the front of the line, as the lone girl ahead of them rushed in, audibly sighing with relief as she let go, a sound that only served to remind both of them how badly they needed to go. Mei had both her hands buried in her crotch, and was stuck in a bent over position with her legs crossed as tight as she'd ever crossed them. Melony at this point was absolutely bursting, her jeans feeling tighter around her waist than she ever thought possible. She breathed heavily, letting out subtle "oohs" and "aahs" as she fought to keep herself from leaking out. Finally, it was Mei's turn to use the bathroom. With Melony at the front of the line and her daughter waddling into the stall, she felt much less of an obligation to be modest, and jammed her hand between her legs, holding her crotch tightly.

As Mei entered the bathroom, the first thing she noticed is that, rather than being several stalls and a row of sinks, it was one large single bathroom for one person at a time. This explained a lot, and made little sense given that they were in a mall. But she didn't have time to think about it as she rushed to pull her panties down, already starting to leak. She got them to her knees and moaned loudly as a lake of piss came rushing out of her like a burst dam. Her echoing moan could be heard from outside the stall, and Melony clenched herself, leaning against the wall as she stood on one foot, wrapping her other leg around. If Mei's bladder had a lake in it, Melony's contained an ocean. Mei finally stood up and went to the sink, washing her sweaty face and hands. A little bit of pee managed to escape into her panties, but it wouldn't be noticeable with her skirt on. Finally she emerged looking refreshed and relieved, greeted by the sight of her desperate mom.

"Oh thank goodness!" Melony blurted out as she stood. With both hands between her legs, she walked briskly toward the entrance where her daughter was standing. "'Scuse me hun, mommy's about to piss her pants!" She attempted to squeeze by, but Mei intercepted her, again standing in her way, and it was now apparent that this was intentional. "Did I say you could pee?" she said, folding her arms across her chest. Melony's heart sank as she heard those words. "I thought you said it was time to use the bathroom..." she said, fear in her eyes. "I meant for me." Mei began, "If you need to pee, you still need to ask permission." Melony reluctantly pleaded, "Hun please let me use the bathroom, I really need to go! I'm bursting!" The desperate woman danced in place from foot to foot, squeezing, bouncing, crossing, in the most pronounced pee dance display Mei had ever seen. But she just smiled wickedly and said, "No you may not. You're a grown woman, you can hold it."

*024*2014-05-09 05:24

{{: 

I thought Melony said once Mei goes to the bathroom she will be able too also from the first chapter, not complaining though very amazing chapter, cant wait till the next one, love this story

}}

Ah, you're probably referring to this part:

{{: 

"Fine. If you insist. Then how about this? Starting tomorrow morning after you wake up, I can't take my next pee until you give me permission. Sound fair?" Mei ponders for a moment, and answers, "But, how do I know you won't just forbid me from peeing until I let you go?" her mom has already thought this through, and says to her, "In that case, you can decide when you get to go as well. But just until you let me pee.

}}

In bold, you'll see the sentence in question. I worded it kind of weird, but what it actually means is that Mei can go whenever she wants to until she lets her mom pee. It's kind of a one-sided deal, I'm aware. But Melony's just that confident. (Well, was.)

