The Stable Girl

Author: Waittowee

*000*2012-05-22 18:40

So writing up my non-fiction 'story' on the Wetting Experiences board reminded me how much I love writing. Having not done it for literally years, here's the first two chapters of a new story. I'll add more chapters as I can, hopefully regularly. The idea is it is more a short novel in style, with a strong through narrative, rather than a collection of shorter pee stories. That said, obviously desperation and wetting will feature strongly....! Hope you enjoy! As ever, constructive criticism more than welcome!

**The Stable Girl**

**Chapter One - A Hot Saturday Morning**

As the midday sun beat down on her, Jen stood in the outdoor riding paddock, leaning against the rough wooden fence. She watched her beginners class trot round the figure of eight course, the ponies hooves kicking up a dust storm as their hooves pounded the ground. It was near the end of the lesson, and she was tired from the hour and a quarter spent standing in the sun. As the class went round for the fifth time she took another swig from her water bottle, and straightened. "Once more round at a rising trot," she shouted - "keep your back straight Suzie - rise from your thighs Lilly!"

Jen had been working at Foxgroves Stables, near Austin in Texas for a month now, after graduating high school. She was off to college at the end of the summer, but for now was happy working at the stables to earn some money. She'd gone from student to staff, having been riding most of her childhood at the school. A petite, slim eighteen year old, she stood 5' 3" tall, with red hair flowing down to her shoulders, today tied back in a pony tail. She wore thin rimmed glasses, resting on her little button nose, breaking up the freckles on her face. She wore her usual stable clothes - tight fawn coloured jodhpurs, riding boots, and a slim fitting polo shirt as a top. A shy girl, she didn't stand out from the crowd, but attracted her fair share of attention from the boys back at high school - the 'girl next door' factor it seemed. Pretty. Cute. She'd had a couple of boyfriends, but these had been little more than high school sweethearts, and she was now single again.

"OK, come back to the gate and dismount please," she shouted across the field, and her class turned their horses towards her, Luke leading the way on Socks, a bay cob with four white socks. He smiled at her as he approached. Luke was the same age as Jen - he'd started riding at around the same time as Jen started teaching at the stables. A good bit older than the others in the beginners class, he'd naturally bonded with his teacher more than his peers, and the two were becoming friendly as the lessons passed. "Well done Luke, heaps better than last week!" Jen grinned at him. "Good work everyone, lead your ponies back to the yard and tie them up, Sarah will help you take their tack off." She opened the gate, and the class went through, Luke waiting with her, still mounted.

As the last kid led a little Shetland through the gate, Luke swung his leg over his pony and dismounted, landing beside Jen. Not for the first time she felt a pang - Luke was quite something. He stood taller then her, but not too tall. Slimly built, but not skinny, with, she suspected from his apparent strength, muscles in all the right places. Short fair hair, piercing blue eyes, and an open, friendly face completed the picture.

'No' she thought, as she took the reins from him and led his horse through the gate, with him following and shutting it after them, 'not bad at all.' They walked side by side down the track to the yard, past the grazing paddocks on each side of them, Jen leading Socks and Luke walking by her side. Small talk. Luke was telling her of his week, his plans for the next day - hanging out with friends down at Bar K Park, on the shore of Lake Travis. Jen listened, enjoyed. She shouldn't be thinking like this, it wouldn't be regarded professional to date a student and customer. But hey, she was only here for the summer, and Luke was an adult - nothing wrong in it.

As they walked, she became aware of another sensation - a prickling in her crotch. Needed a pee. She ignored it. Not desperate. Plenty of time. They reached the yard, Jen tying up Socks and Luke opening up his car, a beat up old Ford pick up, to let it air. As she turned, he crossed back to her - "You should come tomorrow if you're free?"

Somersaults inside - "Sure," she said.

"Pick you up around 10?"

"Ok!"

She gave him her phone number and address, then watched him get back in his pick up, start it, and drive out of the yard, a cloud of dust trailing in his wake.

**Chapter Two - A Long and Desperate Walk**

The next half hour was one of work - giving the ponies water and feed, then turning them out into the grazing paddocks. Sarah, now a permanent teacher at the school, who had worked at the stables Saturdays and Sundays through high school, helped her. Sarah was a year older than Jen, slightly taller and slightly thicker set, though by no means large. She was more glamourous - into fashion as much as horses and always dressed well - the latest riding gear at the stables and the latest labels away from them. She had a blonde bob cut, a pale complexion, always with perfect make up, and blue eyes.

Jen suspected the perfect make up was for Simon's benefit - the son of the stables owners. Simon was not part of the family business - he worked in IT in Austin, drove a brand new convertible Chevy and had money. Plenty of money. Not to mention looks. Tall dark and handsome may be a cliche, but it fitted Simon perfectly. Flash. A bit older than both the girls at 24, Simon had been on Sarah's radar since boys had.

By this time the prickling in Jen's crotch had turned into a solid urge to pee - all the water she'd drunk while teaching was making itself felt. "Just going to the bathroom" she shouted at Sarah, and she turned to walk across the yard.

"Wait,' - Sarah shouted - "just give me a hand checking the water out to the troughs in the paddocks is working then we'll be done."

Jen crossed her legs and squeezed her thighs together. She really needed to pee now, but a few more minutes wouldn't hurt. And besides, she'd learnt from an early age that a full bladder felt good. Through her teens 'good' became arousing. Sexy. On some occasions she'd held it almost too long, nearly wetting herself a few times. Giving her thighs a final squeeze together, she uncrossed her legs, turned, and walked back towards Sarah.

"It'll only take a minute Jen, it'll be quicker if we both do it."

Jen nodded, knowing that checking all the troughs were getting water was at least a twenty minute walk around however you did it. She was pretty sure she could hold on twenty minutes.

"You go to the west paddocks I'll go to the east."

Both girls set off back up the rutted and dusty track towards the riding paddock, before turning off into the grazing fields, Jen heading left, Sarah right. As she walked Jen thought about tomorrow. Had she been silly to agree to go? She wasn't going to know anyone apart from Luke - and she didn't even know him that well. She felt the urge between her legs grow stronger, her full bladder now tense against the waist of her tight jodhpurs. Turned her head to look backwards - Sarah had her back to her heading across the other fields. Jen dropped her right hand to her crotch and squeezed, feeling the familiar tingle numbing the urge to pee for a few moments. She took her hand away, and undid the top button on her jodhpurs, taking a bit of pressure from her bladder. Walked on. Tomorrow was a good idea. See Luke all day. Get to know him better. Away from the stables, away from anyone seeing.

Reaching the first trough, she checked the water supply. Flowing freely. She walked on, her bladder throbbing now, and the sharp urge in her crotch increased by hearing the running water in the trough. She was desperate, begining to think too desperate to make it back to the bathroom at the stables. Two more troughs to check. Turned her head again. Still, Sarah faced away, far off over the fields. Dropped her hand to her crotch again, squeezing to keep the pee in. She pushed her hand down inside her jodhpurs, squeezing her peehole more directly, just her pink cotton thong between her fingers and her skin. Sharp pangs of urgency in her crotch. Squeeze….squeeze.

Despite her discovery that a full bladder gave her pleasure, Jen had never wet herself, nor peed outside. 'This could be a first,' ran through her head. Clench….squeeze. She arrived at the second trough. Flowing water. She walked on, hand still in her crotch, still squeezing the soft skin in desperation. Twenty metres from the next trough. Sharp urge, sudden wetness on her fingers, the feeling of a spurt escaping past her tortured muscles, though her pee hole and into her thong. Clench…CLENCH.

'Not now, not now!'- thought aloud, whispered, under her breath, every fibre of her willing her muscles to hold in the pee. She squeezed yet more, burying her fingers deeply into her crotch. Tingles as her fingers brushed sensitive parts. Back in control. Just. If she wet herself there would be no way she could cover it up - her tight jods wouldn't hide a thing.

Walking quickly, trying to keep her thighs together, she arrived at the next trough and stopped. Crossed her legs, hand in her crotch, squeezing her pee hole for all she was worth, bouncing up and down and clenching her muscles as hard as she could. Think. Quickly. She went behind the trough, between it and the fence. Not complete cover, but if she squatted she'd not be seen from the stables or the other paddocks. She had never peed outside.

'How do you do it? How far do you squat to keep your clothes dry?' Naive, unpractised. No time to think now. Even if she peed over her clothes a bit it would be better than peeing herself. Crossing her legs as tightly as she could, she quickly took her hand out from her crotch. Bouncing up and down she undid the zip on her jods, and in one swift move pulled them and her panties down to her knees. As she started to squat a torrent of pee burst from her, shooting into the grass at her feet. She relaxed into the squat, sinking down onto her heels, waves of relief passing over her, feeling her bladder shrink inside her and the stream of pee shoot through her peehole.

For a full minute she peed hard, then, subsiding; first to a stream, then a trickle, then a few drips. Panting, still shaking from the sheer effort of holding it in and the panic of her squat, she wiggled her hips, shaking the drips from her, then pulled up her thong. Just a tiny wet spot. Got away with it. Time to walk back. She pulled up her jods, zipped and buttoned them, and turned, walking back across the fields to the stables.

Back at the yard she shouted "All good my side" to Sarah who waved, got into her car and drove off. Jen wandered into the tack room, picked up her keys and walked out to her car, a battered but much loved green VW Beetle. Opened the door, got her cigarettes out and lit one. Inhaled deeply. Exhaled. The panic of nearly wetting herself receeded, leaving behind just a feeling of sexyness. That little damp spot in the crotch of her panties, still warm and wet against her skin. Tomorrow. Luke. What would he think if he knew her little secret?

*004*2012-06-04 23:44

**Chapter 3 - Day Follows Night**

Sleep would not come. A gentle breeze through her open window alleviated the heat of the summer night momentarily, then the heavyness of the still room returned. She turned her head to clock - 2:20. Alarm? 8:00. Luke? 10:00. Not soon enough, and yet far too soon.

After an uneventful afternoon, Jen had gone to bed early - mainly to avoid her parents questioning.

'Who is Luke?'

'Where did you meet him?'

'What time will you be…'

Endless questions. Finally, taking advantage of a lull, she claimed tiredness and made a break for the freedom of her room. Several hours later. Still awake. She'd done everything she could to stay cool. Start off with pink PJ bottoms, and a pink T-shirt, with white panties underneath. 11pm had seen the bottoms come off. Midnight or thereabouts the T-Shirt, and finally about five minutes ago she had slid her panties down and off. Naked on the bed, her body caught the moonlight coming in through the window. Slim. Toned. Thoughts in her head, circling, whirling like leaves in a breeze. What to wear tomorrow? Did Luke like, Like or LIKE her? Slowly her eyelids became heavier. Closing. Closing. Closed. Finally. Her breathing shallow, her mind peaceful and her body still, she slept.

Eyes flew open. Hand flew to alarm clock. Alarm silenced. Jen lay naked. Morning. Two hours till Luke arrives. Up. Over to her wardrobe. She opened the door. Caught a glance of herself in the full length mirror, her body slender, legs smooth and shapely, rising to delicately rounded hips. Small, neat triangle of pubic hair around her vagina. Narrow waist, small breasts. She searched out a short denim skirt, tee-shirt, bra, panties - no, going to the lake. Replacing the panties and bra, Jen got out her bikini. White, with dark blue flowers. A mini belt like ribbon ran round the waist of the bottoms, tying in a bow at the side. She turned, and layed her clothes out on the bed. Good choices? Yes, she thought so. Prickling in her crotch. Pressure in her bladder. Time for a pee and a shower.

Jen crossed into her en-suite, turned the shower on in the cubicle to heat up, then sat on the toilet. Release. She felt her muscles relax and a trickle of pee find its way from her bladder, through her pee hole and across her vagina. Clamp. Clench. Stop. Why? She had never wet herself, least not as an adult. Yesterday had been a close call. Jen wanted to know. Wipe. Up, back to her room. Her closeness to peeing had increased her need, and Jen now fought the urgency between her legs, bouncing and jiggling as she found some old panties at the back of her drawer. Pink, brief cut, blue dots. Hand to crotch. Squeeze. Legs apart. One leg into panties. Cross legs, clench. Legs apart. Second leg into panties. Panties up. Bounce, thigh squeeze. Back to bathroom. Shower off, into cubical. Jens heart pounded as she stood there in the humid, steamy shower cubical.

She felt the urge in her crotch, the tingle in her urethra. Still she held on. Should she? Shouldn't she? Another wave of urgency. Legs crossed, thighs clenched, Jen fought her internal battle. Yes? No? Was it dirty? Surely she should just go and sit back on the toilet. This was silly. But the thought of just standing here and letting go into her panties filled her with another feeling, a rising urge from her loins. Do it. Gingerly, Jen relaxed her legs, no longer clenching her thighs together. Her crotch prickled with the need to pee. Felt her panties around her vulva, dry, pink cotton.

She relaxed her muscles, felt a dribble pass out of her - warm dampness in her crotch. Automatically, she clenched again, stopping the flow, her body on autopilot not letting her wet her panties. Relax… Relax. She felt the flow start again. Slow at first, she started to feel the crotch of her panties warm and wet against her skin. Weeing harder now, rivulets of pee started to flow, warm, down her upper thighs.

Feeling her stream flowing out of her body and over it, fire spread through her veins. Her right hand dropped, in, past the waist of her panties, down to her crotch. She felt the warmth, the wetness, the now gentle trickle of herself peeing. Slowly at first, she started rubbing herself, tingles and shudders of pleasure rippling upwards and outwards from her core to the extremities of her body. Harder. Faster. Moaning softly, Jen leant against the wall of the shower, slowly, sliding down into a squat. Slower. Faster, harder, faster, harder - Jen threw her hips forward, arching her back in exctasy as her orgasm passed over her in waves, muscles in her lower body tensing and relaxing, pushing more squirts out of her body, past her fingers and into her panties. Slower. Slower. Slower. Breathing heavily, Jen stood, shakily, turning on the shower again and feeling warmth cascading over her. Dirty? No. Yes. To Jen no. To others? To Luke? Sexy? To Jen, definitely.

Soaping her body, rinsing her body, Jen slowly returned to earth. She had done it. Felt it. Loved it. Peeled off her soaking panties - rinsed under the shower. Shampoo. Rinse. Out of the shower, towelled and dry. Panties on the towel rail, under the towels. Bikini on. Skirt on. T-shirt on. Hair fixed.

9:20. 40 minutes till Luke arrives. Downstairs. Jen's parents were out in the garden, Mum weeding, Dad mowing the lawn. The clatter of the mower breaking the peace of the summer Sunday morning. Coffee. Toast. Coffee. Crockery in the sink. Upstairs. Make up. Not much, just a touch. Glasses. No. Contacts. Clock - 9:55. Jen grabbed a rucksack, towel from the airing cupboard. Stuffed the towel into the bag. Prickle in her crotch. Jen crossed into the bathroom, lifted her skirt, untied the bow on her bikini and pulled it down. Sit. Release.

As her stream hissed out of her she heard the doorbell go. Shit. She pushed, bearing down on her bladder, forcing her pee out in a hard stream. Doorbell again. No time. Clench. Stop. Dribble. Clench harder. Stopped? Yes. Wipe. Flush. Jen stood, pulled her bikini bottoms up, re-tied the bow and pulled her skirt back into place. Need to pee subsided, Jen could relax her muscles. She could still feel her bladder wasn't empty, but she no longer needed to pee. Grabbed her bag and dashed downstairs. Butterflies in her stomach. Luke. Bottle of water from the fridge. Jen walked to the front door. Ran her hand through her hair. Deep breath. Opened the door.

Luke stood at the door, dressed casually - long shorts, T-shirt, flip-flop sandals. Shades up on top of his head.

"Hey Jen!"

"Hey!"

Luke hugged her. Completely unexpected. Nice. Strong. Definitely muscles in all the right places. Stepped back.

"You ready?"

"Yup"

She smiled at him, Luke grinning back. Again, Jen felt that pang. She pulled the door shut behind her. They both turned and headed to Luke's pick up at the end of the drive. Even mid morning the heat was intense. Jen felt him walking close by her side.

At the truck, Luke opened the passenger door for her, shutting it once she was in. Round the drivers side, Luke got in and started the engine. Checked mirrors, pulled out into the road. Jen settled on the seat, an old bench style affair, one seat across the cab of the truck. She leant against the passenger door, elbow on the open window sill, wind playing in her hair. Looked across at Luke, looking ahead at the road. Turned back to look out the window. Smiled to herself. Happy. The truck braked to a halt at the end of the road. Signal, pull away. The trucks engine roared as Luke gunned it up the highway towards the park and the lake.

