Emma's Big SAT Day

Author: water.wizard

*000*2018-12-26 03:06

This story is centered greatly around desperation and humiliation.

Comment and let me know if you want me to continue writing stories about Emma.

###

Emma woke up ready for her big day. It was the SAT's and she had be preparing for weeks. She got up early to start her day off with a workout to pump herself up. She started with her morning coffee and a big bowl of granola cereal drowned in milk, then left for the gym. It was a nice warmup jog to the gym, and by the time she arrived she had already finished her water bottle. She entered, refilled her bottle, and then headed toward the tracks. She was a strong runner and it was her favorite way to get some exercise in.

By the time she finished her workout, Emma's water bottle was empty again. She refilled in, took another drink, and then headed for the women's bathrooms. Once she got inside, she saw there were three girls in line in front of her. She checked her watch and realized her workout had taken longer than she intended and she was starting to cut it close. She left as she knew she'd be able to use the bathroom outside the room her test was in. As she left, the sound of a flushing toilet twinged on her bladder and she felt an unexpected urge to start peeing. She paused for a second and pressed her thighs together slightly, then kept going.

"Ahhh, thank god. I was busting for a piss." She heard a guy exiting the men's bathroom say. It was a guy she saw go in at the same time as her and she wished so badly she could use their bathroom to relief herself.

Emma rushed to her school where the test was being held. It wasn't a long walk from the gym but she wished now that she had driven instead. She walked swiftly with her posture stiff and her ass clenched, feeling the pressure building on her bladder. She thought about the coffee, milk, and copious amounts of water she drank sloshing around on her bladder and felt the pain of how bad she needed to go. She made it to the building where her test was held and determined that she needed to find the room first, then find the nearest bathroom, just to be safe. She couldn't mess up this test.

It was on the second floor and the walk up the stairs was torture. Lifting her foot up the step forced Emma to spread her legs just enough to make her want to pee right where she stood, and it took every effort of her muscles to stop the warm urine from running down her legs. She took small breaths and rushed up the stairs, assuring herself that she would find relief in just moments. When she arrived at room 245, it was completely empty. Panic filled Emma's body and the nervousness caused her to body to misfire, pee starting to spill into her panties. She gasped and bent at the knees, snapping her thighs together tight and pressing her hand hard against her pussy. She rubbed herself with her hand furiously, trying to quell her need to relieve herself. Her fingers felt good against her now wet clit which mortified her to be feeling in public.

Emma successfully fought off the wave of urgency and was able to stand again. She actually felt better now than she did before she leaked in her panties and felt like she would definitely make it to the bathroom. She luckily didn't have to search for long to find the room. She spotted some students heading downstairs and another painful set of steps led her to the right place. 'Thank god,' She thought.

Emma looked left to right for a bathroom. She didn't see one immediately. She knew she didn't have time to search and so asked one of the women checking students in where the nearest bathroom was.

"It's right down that hall to your left, dear, but you ought to be quick because you need to be checked in before you can enter the test room."

Emma looked at the line of students and felt a hard twinge in her bladder that made her bend at the knees slightly, and she blushed bright red at showing her need to someone else. She always hated anyone knowing she had to pee, let alone an authority figure. "Do you mean even if I'm in line you won't let me in?"

The woman shook her head. "Once that clock hits 9, nobody goes in. And once you go in, you don't come out until you turn in this section of the exam." She seemed to smirk at Emma's desperation, which made her even more mortified. The fact that this woman was also hot as fuck and made Emma's pussy twitch didn't help the situation, but that was neither here nor there. Emma's thoughts raced. She decided she had to try to make it to the bathroom first and then get checked in. She still had 10 minutes.

She walked swiftly with her thighs close together. She felt like she was walking forever. Where was the bathroom? "Please, please, please," She began to say to herself. She finally saw a sign and her heart leapt, and a small spurt of pee entered her panties. Her hand shot between her legs and she shuffled toward the bathroom.

Her stomach sunk. It was closed. How could the woman not know this? Emma turned around and ran back to the testing room. A few spurts escaped into her panties that made her feel embarrassed and wet but also slightly relieved. She had no choice now, she needed to get signed in first and then try to rush to the bathroom right before the test. She couldn't risk not being signed in. Emma got in line and her body tingled all over. The pressure on her bladder was uncomfortable but slightly arousing, along with the wetness of her panties. Emma found this to be frustrating and humiliating as she stood there, aching to pee and unable to stop her body from getting hot all over from the sensations.

Emma tried to look composed as she waited in line. She thought she might be imagining it but the woman from before seemed to glance at her every so often. Emma determined to not cross her legs or hold herself, standing straight up and trying to look cool. Soon she was second in line. The time seemed to drag on forever now. The woman seemed to take significantly longer checking in this student, and minutes started to crawl by. Emma began to get frustrated and felt like the woman was doing it on purpose. She was definitely glancing over, and she was definitely smirking.

Finally it was Emma's turn. Stepping forward pulled her thighs apart and she strained to hold her pee in as she approached the woman. She was incredibly beautiful with dark hair and cleavage that Emma couldn't stop looking at. Emma was still conflicted about her attraction to women but her hormones were going wild and she felt her pussy get even wetter.

"Name?"

"Emma Phisher." She blurted out before the woman even finished. Emma fidgeted as she stood and rubbed on her outer thigh, unable to fully hide her need. The woman smirked at her from above her glasses, making Emma's face burn red. "Oh no, did you not make it to the bathroom?" Emma was mortified as her need to announced out loud and for the two students behind her in line to hear. She felt like eyes began to turn to her and nervousness again made her feel like she might pee, and she was forced to squeeze her thighs together. She held onto the table between her and the woman with both hands.

"No, I didn't." Her frustration leaked out in her voice as she was pretty sure the woman knew the bathroom would be closed. "Please sign me in." Her voice broke into a whine without her volition, continuing to further her embarrassment. She felt powerless to this woman and she hated it.

The woman seemed to take her time searching for the name. "Emma, Emma, Emma..." She dragged her finger down the pager of names. "Ah, there you are. Go on in." The woman smiled at her.

Emma looked at the clock. She now only had only two minutes before the test began. She realized with horror that she could not risk going to the bathroom, but felt that her need had subsided for now. Also, she would be sitting for the whole exam, which would make it easier to hold it, and once this section of the test finished she could pee during the break. Emma found a seat and took it as fast as she could, welcoming the wood against her aching pussy. She rubbed her thighs together under the desk but stopped when the pressure on her clit sent a wave of pleasure through her body. She tried to sit perfectly still.

The exams were passed out and Emma began. She went as fast as she could, trying to do her best though her mind was preoccupied. Even if she didn't do as great on this part of the exam, she could ace the others after she relieved herself and still get a good score. Her stomach turned with nerves. She had to get a good score.

The minutes crawled by and Emma fidgeted, squirmed, rubbing her thighs together, and even resorting to hold herself under the table. She alternated between rubbing her pussy and not for fear of getting too turned on. Her crotched was soaked and warm and it felt good though she tried to not acknowledge it. Emma listened with horror as the student diagonally in front of her fumbled with their water bottle, the contents sloshing around. They dropped it and the bottle splashed to the floor. Emma's body reacted before she could. She was peeing.

Both of her hands shot between her legs as pee started to fill her panties. She was able to stop the flow but her face burned red. A few students looked at her, especially because she was already close to the spectacle at hand. But she was able to gain control over her bladder again and resumed her test, one hand rubbing her pussy. The teacher began to clean up the water and the sound of paper towels sloshing around the water tortured her, and her ears burned hot with frustration with her predicament. Her bladder began to ache and she started to jiggle uncontrollably in her seat, feeling like she could pee herself at any moment.

She began to rub herself furiously. She realized that she needed to just finish this section before she humiliated herself in front of all of her peers. She guessed for the rest of the answers and braced herself to walk to the front. Her heart began racing as she realized she had waited too long and she wasn't sure she could even walk that far. The feeling of pee filling her up and weighing heavier and heavier on her bladder started to become unbearable and she knew she had to go. Now.

Emma stood up and began walking to the front. Every step put her at risk of losing control of her bladder completely and it took all her effort to use her muscles to hold it in. She brought her test to the front to find to her great dismay that the woman from before was also taking the exams. Her stomach turned as she approached her.

"What are you doing?" The woman asked.

"I finished my exam," Emma sort of stuttered, her body aching for relief. She crossed her legs completely. "Please take it," She couldn't hide the plea in her voice.

The woman's eyes sparkled. "Oh, honey, you have to stay until the break. If you leave now, your entire test will be forfeit. Do you think you can hold it?"

Emma's jaw dropped. She felt her muscles twitch and a spurt of pee shot into her panties, and thus her hands between her legs. The woman said everything loudly for the class to her and Emma felt the eyes of all her peers behind her now on her. Her face and ears burned red. The thought of so many people knowing how badly she needed to pee was absolutely humiliating and she felt herself start to cry.

"I-I don't think..." Emma's voice trembled. She looked at the unbelievably attractive woman in front of her, watching her intently as she crossed her legs, squirmed and rubbed her pussy. She felt completely debased. She couldn't leave the exam. She couldn't hold it.

"Come on now honey, I'll help you back to your seat," The woman stood up and walked over to Emma, grabbing her gently by the arm. She was tall enough that her cleavage was right in Emma's face and Emma felt her body tingle all over. She was pulled out of her daze at the woman began to guide her back to her seat.

"Wait-" She said, her thighs clamped tight together, but it was too late. The woman pulled her arm, not hard, but enough to force her to step and uncross her legs. Her short athletic shorts provided little protection and pee began to spill from between her legs onto the tile floor. The splash could be heard throughout the room and Emma was horrified. This couldn't be happening. She clamped her legs together again but it was too late. All eyes in the room were now on Emma as she fully released her bladder into her shorts, down her legs, into her shoes and in a growing puddle on the floor.

With both hands rubbing between her legs, Emma desperately tried to stop the river of pee with no avail. A few murmurs and hushed laughs could be heard as most students stared speechless. She was paralyzed as she continued to relieve herself in front of everyone. She peed for what seemed like an eternity, the puddle growing and growing below her. It continued to pour out of her no matter how hard she tried to stop the flow. She held back tears as she began to cry, finally losing the fight. Her muscles let go and she peed full force what was left in her body, down an excruciatingly long and embarrassing trickle in the silent room.

Everyone continued to stare as Emma stood in horror. She couldn't believe what happened. The bell rang, signifying that this section of the test was over. Emma ran out in tears.

*003*2018-12-26 10:38

{{6 hours ago, Mrgala21 said:

That was literally perfect. The exact type of story I like. A girl unable to go due to circumstances out of her control and another female character who is enjoying it a bit too much. Well done!

}}

{{4 hours ago, Night Rain said:

I'd totally enjoy seeing more of Emma's adventures, perhaps the one female character who signed Emma in can appear again.

}}

Glad you guys liked it. I'll write more.

Let me know if there's anything specific you'd like me to consider throwing in there.

*006*2018-12-28 09:57

Hi guys! Here's part 2.

Sorry Night Rain I sort of took the skirt part of your suggestion but went a different way, I hope you still like it.

Let me know if you really like the library thing specifically and I'll put it in a different chapter. On that note, anyone feel free to let me know what you'd like to see happen to Emma and I'll give it strong consideration.

Lastly, try to let me know if you want me to continue writing about Emma.

###

Emma woke up for school early, committed to her regular routine of breakfast, gym, class. It had been about three days since Emma's tragic SAT exams on Saturday... she still felt mortified by the memory and tried to block it out. When classes resumed on Monday, most people who saw the incident seemed to pretend it didn't happen. Emma sometimes thought she caught people staring, whispering, snickering, but tried to convince herself that she was just being paranoid. Regardless, she was taking measures to make sure something like that never happened again, and soon it would be just a distant memory.

Emma started to get dressed but discovered to her dismay that she had put all of her jeans in the same hamper with the jeans she had peed herself in, and they all smelled like pee. She sighed. It wasn't a big deal, she would just put on her black skirt. It was a little short but all of her longer skirts weren't comfortable and this one was a nice cotton. She put on her daintiest underwear, white and kind of sheer with a little rose on the front that barely covered her pussy, so people wouldn't be able to see it through her skirt in the back.

As always, Emma brewed herself a cup of coffee to drink while she got ready and had her breakfast. She knew it went right through her but was too addicted to stop and pretty much always had at least two cups before leaving the house every day. She just knew now it was imperative leave time to find a bathroom wherever she is after breakfast. To speed things up this morning, Emma made herself a smoothie. She accidentally added a little too much milk at some point, so she added more fruit to compensate, and ended up with about double more than she planned. But she wasn't having breakfast, she thought, so it works out.

Emma downed two and a half cups of coffee and her large smoothie while she got her school stuff together and finished getting ready to leave. She decided she ought to have something solid since she wouldn't be able to have lunch for another 5 hours, so she gobbled down a granola bar and washed it down with some milk. Finally she was out the door and jogged leisurely to her gym down the block.

Emma got through her workout routine as usual. She ran laps for awhile, but stopped after she realized her skirt was flowing up high enough to show her panties when she lifted her legs. Her cheeks burned red at the thought and she wished she had worn more covering underwear. She finished her water bottle once and refilled it. She switched over to weight training but accidentally spread her legs while sitting and lifting weights, giving a man passing by a full view of her pussy barely covered by the thin cloth of her panties. His jaw dropped and Emma snapped her legs together. Horrified, she decided to leave immediately. She could see the man's erection in his athletic shorts as she passed by and her cheeks burned bright red.

Emma rushed out of the gym and headed for campus. By this time, she had finished her water bottle a second time. She felt a twinge in her bladder and realized that she was supposed to pee at the gym, but there was no reason to panic. She knew exactly where her class was and the nearest bathroom. Emma walked with her posture stiff and straight, thighs close together. The breeze was cold under her skirt and made her need to pee worse. Emma arrived at her building with 25 minutes to spare, more than enough time to pee and get to class, and was glad that she had left the gym early.

She headed straight for the bathroom. The second she saw the bathroom door, her urgency to pee seemed to triple. She rushed down the hallway toward the door with her thighs tight together.

"Emma!" A voice called out. 'Oh, god,' Emma thought. It was the woman from the SAT testing, who Emma had now learned from her friends to be Mrs. Strick, the person taking over as Vice Principle within the next few months. She was this big shot with a Stanford degree (which Emma would die for) who had just made some huge positive impact on her last school and saved them financially or whatever. Rumor was that now she was offered big money to come and do the same thing here.

There were a few people with Mrs. Strick, all dressed as nice as her. Emma felt immediately nervous all over.

"Hi Mrs. Strick," She tried to sound as friendly as possible but her voice wavered. She tried to give no sign of how badly she needed to pee, especially because of what Mrs. Strick had seen at the SAT testing. She didn't want her to think she had some sort of problem. But she caught herself fidgeting slightly and rubbing her hand on her outer thigh, and caught Mrs. Strick noticing it too.

"This is one of our students, Emma," The woman said to her colleagues with a smile. "Emma, these are some of my old classmates from Standford. They both work as recruiters and are here visiting before they come to the career fair next month."

Emma's stomach filled with butterflies. She wanted so badly to make it into a school like Stanford, which would be extra great because it's close to home. Mrs. Strick was super charming and asked Emma questions about her coursework, helping the conversation to go great. They chatted away until suddenly the bell rang and the few students still in the hallways started rushing into their classes.

"Oh, no! We kept you too long," Mrs. Strick smiled, "I'll walk you to your class and tell your professor to excuse your tardiness."

Emma's head spun. Her need to pee had only grown during the past conversation and a large amount of liquid was weighing heavy on her bladder. But she couldn't bear to tell Mrs. Strick she needed to pee, especially because she allowed herself to spend the whole break talking. So she said thanks and led Mrs. Strick to her first class, math.

As they walked, Mrs. Strick made pleasant conversation. Emma struggled to walk normally, having to use her muscles to hold back from peeing herself instead of holding her thighs together. Every step put pressure on her aching bladder and she found herself thinking about the stupid amount of liquid she consumed working its way through her body. She found herself imagining it flowing out from between her legs and before she could stop herself, she felt a spurt of pee enter her panties. Emma gasped and her hand shot between her thighs squeezed tight together. Her panties had so little fabric to catch the liquid and were already soaked.

"Ms. Phisher, are you okay?" Mrs. Strick seemed to hide a smirk.

Emma's face felt hot and red but she was able to quell her need quickly and stood back up straight.

"Y-Yes, I just tripped a little," She replied. It felt like a stupid lie and she felt more embarrassed, but she just couldn't bear the thought of the new Vice Principle knowing she was so desperate again.

The woman couldn't hide her smirk now. She knew she should just tell Emma to use the restroom but instead she just opened the door to the Mr. Weaver's classroom, ushering a desperate Emma inside. Mrs. Strick's colleagues from Stanford followed behind, standing in the doorway and checking out the classroom and students.

"Hi Mr. Weaver! Sorry, I kept Emma a little long. Please excuse her tardiness."

"Oh, uh, sure. It's no problem." Weaver seemed a little perturbed but he always sort of seemed like that. His eyes traveled over Emma's body, who was struggling to not show her need while now displayed in front of the whole classroom. Multiple students now looking at her were also present to see her piss herself at the SAT's a few days ago and her face was hot with the realization.

Emma started to head to her seat, her body begging for relief from standing, but Mrs. Strick began to talk.

"So what are we learning today?" She asked Weaver, putting a hand on Emma's shoulder. Now Emma definitely couldn't sit and she felt all eyes were on her. She labored to keep her body straight but the pressure building inside her was becoming too much. It felt as if gallons of liquid were all pressing right against her urethrae, begging to be let out. She crossed her legs as casually as she could, fidgeting slightly no matter how hard she tried not to.

"Uh, well, we just started," He gestured toward some equations on the chalkboard, "I asked in anyone would volunteer to solve this problem."

"Oh! I bet Emma would love to do that," Mrs. Strick smiled at Emma, moving her toward the board.

"Oh, no, I-" Panic filled Emma's body. Why did Mrs. Strick want to do this to her?

"Now, now! I heard you're a killer on the mathletes. Show my friends here what our team is made of," Mrs. Strick smiled at Emma, seeming relish this.

Emma looked at the recruiters from Stanford and got butterflies again. Her heart raced and she felt as if more and more pee was building up, threatening to burst at any moment. She couldn't turn down the problem and let them think she didn't know it. She also couldn't turn it down and have them know it was because she needed to pee so badly. She resolved that the only solution was to finish the problem quickly so they would leave and she could ask Mr. Weaver to go use the restroom.

Emma searched nervously for a piece of chalk, which she then noticed was being held out to her by Weaver sitting at his desk. Each of the five steps over was complete torture as she tried to walk normally and not release a torrent of piss out of her skirt. It was at this moment that Emma realized that if she peed, there would be nothing to absorb any of the liquid, or any of the noise. Her pee would run straight down her legs and onto the tile floor, splashing for everyone to hear. Emma felt hot and nervous all over as she made her painful way back to the board with her chalk.

With all eyes on her, Emma began to work on the problem. Her hand trembled as she started to write, which was already embarrassing. Weaver's class had a fish tank with a filter that poured water in the top constantly, and the sound of the water dripping and flowing made Emma feel like she might accidentally pee. She crossed her legs as she tried to work the problem, struggling to stay focused on the question instead of the sound of running water nearby her. Emma began to sweat as she snapped her attention back to the problem, realizing that the recruiters were watching her freeze at a simple math question. Her nerves made her need to pee worse and her need to pee made her nerves worse and she started to feel like she might cry. Emma felt self conscious and uncrossed her legs as far as she could, not wanting Mrs. Strick and her friends to see her as a little girl who can't even hold her pee.

Emma continued to work the problem. Tears began to build as her need to pee got worse and worse, becoming a painful throbbing between her legs. She figured out the problem and knew she could finish it soon, but her body was begging her to run as fast as possible to the nearest bathroom. Her handwriting started to get sloppy as she neared the end of her answer, rushing through it. The closer she got to finishing the more her body begged for relief and the buildup to finishing began to become excruciating. Soon, Emma was on the very last statement to finish her answer. Her pussy begged her to rub it or cross her legs as what felt like gallons of liquid weighed on her exhausted bladder. She excitedly began to write the last number, finishing a perfect solution, when her pussy suddenly relaxed and warm liquid came gushing out.

Emma was peeing.

With her feet spread and her thin panties already soaked, there was nothing to stop her torrent of pee from splashing loudly onto the tile floor. Emma gasped and her hands shot between her legs, but it was too late to stop it. Urine gushed past her fingers.

The whole room gasped and seemed to freeze, everyone watching with morbid fascination as Emma emptied the contents of her bladder on the floor. The Stanford recruiters stared as Emma kept peeing and peeing. Students gasped, murmured, and some snickered. Mrs. Strick just stared, crossing her legs and fidgeting slightly, but for a different reason than Emma.

Emma let out a small moan as her body relieved itself, to her further humiliation. She wanted to close her legs, run, but instead stood frozen, peeing through her hands in front of everyone. The relief felt almost orgasmic as she peed and peed, warm liquid dripping down her bare legs and into her boots, forming a growing puddle around her. She began to cry as the pee kept coming out, feeling powerless and mortified.

After what felt like an eternity, Emma's flow began to turn into a trickle. She finally was able to close her legs but couldn't stop the flow, a trickle of pee continue to drip down her legs as Mrs. Strick touched her shoulder, ushering her toward the door where she could see the entire room of eyes on her.

"Oh, sweetie, it's okay," Mrs. Strick's voice was full of fake pity that made Emma's cheeks burn. "It's just another little accident." She said loudly.

"Another?" One student blurted out, who apparently hadn't heard about the SAT incident yet. Students could be heard whispering as they all presumably became aware. Emma's eyes began to fill with tears.

"Come on, let's get you to the nurse- Oh! Oh, you're still going," Mrs. Strick said innocently but loud enough for the whole room to hear as she guided Emma out of the room, looking down at the stream still trickling down her leg.

Emma began to cry. Her muscles gave out fully and the trickle turned back into a full stream, and a hissing noise could be heard in the room. She felt as the warm liquid spilled down her thighs and into her shoes which were now completely soaked. The trickle finally stopped as they walked away from Weaver's room. Mrs. Strick took Emma to the nurse where she changed into spare clothes that the school provided in situations like these which were sort of like nurses's scrubs. Emma sobbed quietly as she changed her clothes, drying off her legs, unable to stop herself from replaying the embarrassing events in her head.

Emma rejoined her class shortly after, her scrubs a humiliating reminder of the incident that just happened. When she entered, a janitor was just finishing cleaning up the mess on the floor. Students snickered as Emma sat down, her face red hot with shame. She wore the scrubs for the rest of the day and soon practically everyone knew what had happened.

