I Forced A Bot To Read Over 1000 Omorashi Stories

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2019-10-21 12:02

I forced a bot to read over 1,000 Omorashi Stories and then asked it to write a story of its own. Here is the first page.

Lara crossed her legs like pretzels made of that stretchy stuff that Stretch Armstrongs were made of. They were very stretchy. From all the yoga, maybe.

She taught yoga sometimes, maybe.

“I need to relieve my pee Sonja!” She demanded at her friend Sonja. Sonja didn’t teach yoga and was jealous on secret.

“Just cross your legs like pretzels!” Sonja exclaimed back. She thought this was very funny because Lara did not eat pretzels. Because of all the yoga pants.

“Now is the time I need to go!” She whined like a mosquito. An annoying mosquito. So like a mosquito.

”You should drink less wine, maybe?” Sonia susplained. She liked puns more than yoga. Also more than Lara.

”Ha Ha Ha!” Lara laughed like an unhuman, “If you make me laugh I’ll pee in your car!” She did not like puns as much as yoga. Or pretzels.

Sonja was vexed. She quizicallied, “why would you go pee in my car?”

”Because you deserve it!” She retorted impulsively.

Then Lara gasped gaspingly, “Oh no!”

”Are you peeing?” Sonja was curious and glad that Lara didn’t pee in her car. She liked her car more than yoga. And Lara. Not more than puns though.

”I am peeing!” Lara exclaimed as always.

A wet wetness was spreading down her yoga pants and making a waterfall on the ground. Her pants were a puddle. Her dignity was also a puddle. She made her stretchy legs go straight again. “I am a puddle!” Lara exemplified. She liked metaphors more than wetting her pants. Also she liked everything more than wetting her pants. Except for puka shells and Nickelback and cholera.

”You are a puddle.” Sonja was gleeful because her car was not a puddle. And because she liked metaphors. “But now I need to pee also.”

”Do not pee in your car!” Lara backchatted and didn’t eat a pretzel.

###

Hey people

Sorry to pitch a non-sexy story after a year or so away. Hopefully you still found it interesting. I do have a few other ideas I want to try to write, so fingers crossed!

$

*008*2019-10-22 11:26

So, as people have said, I wrote this myself. :) Though I’m glad that I was almost convincingly a computer! Reverse Turing test :p

There is a joke you see around Twitter, and other social networks, I imagine, where you write a story/screenplay in the style of a neural network. @kruton

‘s links are great for people interested. I used the GPT-2 model to get in the right headspace, though it didn’t actually write any of it, neural networks struggle with developing a plot at this stage.

