The Fairy's Story

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2016-05-25 01:09

A small crowd of men and women had gathered around the fairy at the cozy dockside bar in Anderthall. In some places this might have been a threatening scene but here, out on one of those rocky islands far from the world, fairies were welcome. Welcome for their news. Welcome for their stories.

"All fairies know that a good story starts whenever it needs to," The fairy recited, "And this story starts in the Folk Ghetto down by the mud-banks of the great city of Mouth."

"This was before the exile of course," She continued in an engaging voice that suggested long practice at telling tales, "There isn't anything there now, or so I've heard, just decaying shacks sliding down into the sea. Apparently the Spiteful Empress tried to get her loyal subjects to move in and brighten the place up but they feared that we had contaminated the place with our long residence.

When I was growing up in the Folk Ghetto it was filled to bursting with other fairies carrying out their lives. And filled with decaying shacks sliding down into the sea of course. Less things in this world change than people think.

My mother, my sister, and I shared the uppermost floor of a narrow house near the tannery. It was an attic really. Just extra boards crowded up to make a floor among the beams. It wasn't much, but others had it worse for sure.

One night I woke up with a familiar pressing need to pass water. I always dreaded this. Our building had no interior facilities so I would have to fold down the stairs to our apartment, creep down through the levels of the house, run across the unevenly bricked-in courtyard, and use the rickety outhouse in the dark. An unpleasant task for everyone. But I was an imaginative child, even for one of the folk, and in my mind all sorts of horrors lurked between my bed and the outhouse; Snatchers to whisk me away, Blighters to rip my soul clean off, common thieves to accost me for gold or virtue. I'm afraid I seldom had the courage to brave such a gauntlet. Instead I would usually remain in my bed and attempt to hold my waters until morning. Sometimes I succeeded.

But this particular night was different. I found myself wishing. not for the first time, that instead of having to find the courage to venture to the outhouse I could simply not need to pass water. And all of a sudden I just didn't. I'd removed the liquid from my bladder with my budding magics. I was overjoyed at finding a most Gordian solution to my nightly dilemma. My sister would be devastated that she wouldn't have my bed-wetting to tease me about any longer: for that was one of her great joys in life. And then I had a clever idea.

If I could remove the liquid from my own bladder, did that mean I could add liquid to the bladder of another? I looked over at the softly snoring form of my sister, her wings tucked snugly at her sides. We had no windows but the roof had enough holes that in the moonlight I could barely make her out. I'd never done anything like this before, my magic had just started to come in, until this night I'd only practiced subtlety affecting the flow of poured water. I'd never even heard of someone changing the contents of a bladder, even yet I haven't. But still I reached out to her with my magic and... well I did the opposite of what I had just done to myself. I filled her.

Even in the dark I could see her leap fairly out of her bed. The sudden pressure in her bladder must have woken her. I expected to see her dash across the boards and hear the stairs being opened beneath us, but instead she stood motionless. And then I heard it. A hissing like the end of a hosepipe under pressure but not quite clamped shut and the hard patter of rain on a shingled roof. It actually took me a moment to realise that my sister was wetting her nightclothes. The revenge felt so sweet. To be able to tease her for having an accident, and she two years older than myself. It felt like a drug. And like a drug it was irresistible. I'm afraid that overfilling my sister's bladder became a habit, a pastime. I got practiced at it. I learned the rate at which to fill her so that she wouldn't wake before she burst.

I told her the day of the exile. I had my heart set on making a name in the Limits, she was going north. By that time our mother was two summers dead of a wasting sickness. She confessed the petty pranks she had fooled me with, and I confessed mine. She was apoplectic. For years she had tried everything she could think of to bring an end to her bed-wetting; limiting her fluids, herbs from the apothecary, charms from the charlatans on the pier. And all she ever had to do was stop sleeping near me. She shouted such curses at me I'd have doubted she knew.

I had won.

We have never seen each other again.

So this piece is really a prologue for a longer piece that is a little different from what I'd usually write, and it's pretty ambitious. Not to beg for comments, but let me know if you'd like me to do more with it?

*004*2016-05-27 12:40

{{On 5/25/2016 at 1:13 PM, Minervafan110 said:

That was Awsome I'm glad she got revenge on her sister

}}

{{On 5/25/2016 at 6:00 PM, Keita123 said:

I feel bad for the sister. It must be a nightmare not being able to stop bed wetting.

}}

Interesting you guys took completely different interpretations out of this :)

{{On 5/25/2016 at 9:52 PM, jacksmater said:

I always love the idea of adding water via that way.

}}

Then you'll like the rest of this story I hope!

*005*2016-06-14 01:38

The crowd around the fairy had grown; most of the bar had moved their chairs around the fairies table. She lifted her voice to accommodate them.

It took me nearly a year to reach the very edge of the Limits, that wild place where the animals are as cunning as men and the men as bestial as animals. I had many adventures reaching that place, of course, but those stories are not this story.

I found myself in an unnamed town perched at the top of a crumbling cliff that towered above a vast and endless desert below. I could see amongst the rubble far below the remnants of structures that demonstrated that the unnamed town had at one time been far larger, before the encroachment of the cliff. Perhaps it had even had a name.

I spent the evening in a bar. Somewhat like this one, but without the people. I sat at the bar itself and mostly failed to converse with the barman, and ancient man with the horns and beard of a goat. There is a nameless feeling for having reached a long-held goal and knowing no triumph; I felt it. And I drank quite a bit of the rancid swill the barman pretended was beer. A lot really.

"You're gonna end up pissin' on yourself if you don't take it easy on that beer missy," the bartender bleated at me.

I was insulted. I had never once "ended up pissing on myself" since my magics came in. In fairness to the bartender though, he hardly knew that I would have magics. That's the thing about the simple people who live out in the limits; they don't know a thing about fairies. He would have just assumed my wings stemmed from the same awful source as his horns or his neighbors scales.

No, as far as he was concerned I was just a short, slim, woman who had, in fairness, been drinking an awful lot of liquid.

"I can hold my waters better than you think!", I declared boastfully. "I can easily wait right here another hour."

The bartender only scoffed.

"I'll bet you a piece that I can!" I offered in a tone that I hoped suggested recklessness.

His eyes lit up at that, "Ok. A piece that you can't! But if you piss all over my floor you're cleaning it up in the bargain."

Of course I could have easily won that piece. I could just magic away my waters for days on end if I wanted to. But that wasn't the point.

So for the first time in years I allowed myself to get truly desperate. It was an unusual feeling for someone not used to it. And it came on quickly, courtesy or the many beers I had imbibed. Within fifteen minutes I allowed myself to bounce around on my stool as my filling bladder made me uncomfortable. Now, you might be wondering why I didn't just keep myself comfortable and pretend to badly need a washroom. There's a simple answer; a lie is always more convincing when it is only just barely a lie.

So I sat on my stool and writhed in discomfit until I felt sure I was about to burst and make a puddle on the bar-room floor. At that point I blushed and ran out the back to a very welcome relief.

When I returned the bartender wore an enormous grin, "Lotsa tough talk amountin' to nothin'!", he chortled at me.

I mimicked tipsy outrage, "You just caught me on a bad day! I swear I can hold my water longer than anyone! I bet you I can hold my waters longer than you!"

"I don't doubt it," He admitted easily, "I'm an old man. Complete with the bladder and prostate of an old man."

"Your second then!" I declared wildly, "I can hold my waters better than everyone in this whole damned town!"

He rolled his eyes, "That I doubt. But... I'll take your money. Shall we say 100 pieces you can't wait longer than anyone I can name."

"Make it 1000. Easiest money I'll ever make." I meant that. Like I said, just barely a lie.

We agreed that the contest should take place the following morning, to give me time to sober up, and him time to find me a challenger.

I went to sleep that night expecting things to go smoothly and easily.

But I wouldn't be telling this story if the contest had gone either smoothly or easily.

