Omocity (A cyberpunk themed Omo story)

Author: Weed

*000*2022-07-23 00:39

Cyber Spunk

Ivy bit her lip in exctacy, losing control of herself for a brief moment. As soon as she realised, she immediatley composed herself and had a quick look around her. No one seemed to notice.

“Thank fuck” She whispered to herself.

She then stood up, pulled up her camo pants and clipped back on her utility belt, then glanced back at the puddle she left behind the tree near her campsite with a little smile, as she walked back to get out of the blistering sun and into some shade. It is hot out here,very hot, but she is used to it.

Ivy is a Nomad. The best way to describe a Nomad is to imagine a travelling circus, often on the road or set up for weeks at a time, sometimes months, at different locations in the wilderness, deserts, forests, remote beaches, pretty much anywhere that isn’t occupied by many people.

Only this circus has no clowns, and they don’t have much to do with the cities or people outside of their nomad clans. They live in their vehicles, campers, tents, swags, you name it. And going for a night out in one of their camps often proves to be a regretful experience to anyone not accustomed to the nomad lifestyle.

Ivy’s current location is different from most of the ones shes camped out at in the past, though.

This time she and her clan were right outside New Omocity, the biggest city in her world.

Ivy didnt know it yet, but she is spending her final days with her Clan, for an unknown amount of time, as they make the final preparations and begin to take action to a plan they’ve had for a very long time. Ivy was chosen to enter the city and try to spark up a deal with any manufacturing company she could fnd and that were willing to work with the Nomads, whom are often treated as outcasts and exiles.

You see, the Nomads, while largely living the lifestyle they have by choice, just seemed to develop a stigma and bad reputation, mainly rumours and lies made up by citizens within city walls. The general idea is that they have a lawless, savage, almost primal or animal like way. And of course, this is true for the most part, only they are also highly intelligent, adpatable, capable, efficient, harderend people, with good morales, however rough then can be.

The deal Ivy has to try and spark with a manufacturing company? Ivy’s clan has descovered another plant that can be used to create latex. A material that seemingly has endless uses, and is mostly derived from plant material. Only the latex produced from this plant was nearly 10x as strong and sturdy as regular latex, and for some reason it can conduct electricity without harming someone in skin contact with it, ie when wearing a suit made out of it. Several inventions have been created by the clan using this new latex, including a suit, and they are looking to strike up a deal that will make them wealthy, far wealthier than the other nomand clans out there, which is usually rare in a Nomad clan, as most of them are happy living off the land.

“Getting nervous, are ya?” A voice said witch startled Ivy, she turned and was met with a grin.

Ivy turned off her gas stove and picked up the boiling kettle, pouring it into a tea cup with a tea bag already in it. Tea was often drunk even on hot days, as it actually helps the body stay cool. Black or green of course, as milk was a luxury the nomads didnt often have.

“How’d you know, is it obvious?” Ivy replied.

“You could say that” Oscar pointed to the now nearly dried up puddle several meters away behind the tree.

Ivy blushed, and nearly missed her tea cup, spilling a little hot water on her bare feet.

“Ow!” Ivy finished pouring into her cup and placed her kettle down.

“I didnt think anyone saw me.” Ivy said.

“Oh don’t worry I don’t think anyone did, I didnt, I just couldnt help but notice the aftermath on the way over here, I was just doing the same thing before I thought I’d come see how you are doing.” Oscar explained, still smiling.

“So what, are you nervous too, Oscar? Everyone needs to pee, mate, nervous or not!”

“Thats true! I just thought the whole scene was rather funny, especially since im feeling nervous for you too! But to be honest, I can’t think of anyone else in our clan who could pull this off more than you!”

(to be continued)

If you like where ii am going with this, and like my writing style, please leave me some encouragement! i would like to make this a healthy read you wont be able to finish in one night.

Also, i have been interested in figuring out how to generate a little income through creating omo - related content. I have a few videos on this site, but i am a Male and i do believe its difficult without a partner to make a video most people would be willing to spend a couple bucks on. i don't really want to ty and take advantage of the dangerous & wealthy kind of people on the internet either.

So it brings me to my next and probably more likely option, creative writing, erotica or fetish etc.

Does anyone know of any website, i guess a little bit like patreon, (or if thats the site i should use?) that allows very obviously adult and NSFW content?

If anyone here is especially fond of where i want to go with this story, i can leave a crypto address of your choosing, as most people would agree, any money based encouragement is often welcomed and applied with vigor!

I will continue writing this regardless. I do dream of writing book one day and publishing it through a proper company, but i'd rather try and self publish any erotica type of stuff.

