Fennekin's Desperate Bet

Author: wheatley

*000*2015-10-15 01:36

I got an idea for paper Mario, but I'm gonna do it later. For now, I'm doing my second omorashi on pokemon. It will play in a kind of "pokemon society" thing (like pokemon mystery dungeon) but in a more civilized way, with actual buildings and such. anyways, enough yapping, let's go.

###

Fennekin's POV:

BEEP BEEP BEEP​

There went the alarm, as I hit the snooze button with my paw, I woke up and shook my head, trying to fully wake up. I lived in my friend Snivy's apartment. it was small, but comfortable. I walked up to the dresser and picked out my usual outfit: a white tank and some earrings. I felt a small twitch in my lower abdomen, but decided to ignore it. After that I went out of my room to the kitchen. The apartment itself was very open, 1 room for the beds, 1 room for the bathroom, and the kitchen was wide open next to the living room. When I walked in I saw Snivy on his laptop.

Snivy: well if your gonna be like that, you can get out ya jerk! oh, hi Fenny.

Snivy's POV:

I shut off my laptop and went to talk to Fennekin. I was wearing my normal apparel, a blue bowler's shirt and a golden watch.

Snivy: so what's up?

Fennekin: not much. not yet at least, hehe.

Fennekin was my closest friend. We were always getting into trouble from Gengar, my high school rival, and school bully. Anyways, we just had breakfast, and Fennekin was squirming a bit. I had to ask.

Snivy: you alright?

Fennekin: yeah, I just kinda need to pee.

Snivy: why don't you just go now?

Fennekin: i'm sure I can hold it

She gave me a smile, and I trusted her. After breakfast we went outside to get some work done.

Fennekin's POV:

When we came outside, we saw everything was pretty normal. The shops were opening, which meant we could get our work done. At 8 AM we were pretty much done and decided to check the place out. Then we saw something that made Snivy swallow a swear word. It was Gengar.

Gengar: well well well, if it isn't captain moron and his untasteful princess.

Snivy: leave us alone Gengar, we don't need you today.

Gengar: heh, just as ignorant as I remember. You know the rules, gimme your cash!

Snivy: I don't have any cash, I left my wallet at home!

Gengar must have seen my fidgeting and figured out I was slowly filling up from breakfast.

Gengar: tell ya what, how about we make a bet. we'll see how long your little friend can stay dry. If she pees herself before tonight, we get your watch. up?

Snivy: DOWN, Gengar I don't want anything to do with Fennekin.

He was about to walk away before Gengar stopped him.

Gengar: WAIT! if you win, i'll do whatever you want!

Snivy was thinking for a bit. it was a good deal, and he didn't want me in complete emberassment, but I interrupted.

Fennekin: let me do it.

Snivy: what!?

Fennekin: it'll be fine! i'm an adult! I can hold it!

After a few minutes we started the bet.

Gengar: alright, Fennekin has to drink this water, and hold it until tonight. If she pees in any way possible, including leaking, you fail.

Snivy: well, here we go.

Snivy's POV:

In the end Fennekin must have drank about 10 bottles of water. One of then might have had diuretic medicine in it, but the cops checked an Gengar didn't have anything he could cheat us with.

Fennekin: GAH! Alright, that's 10 bottles.

Gengar: you feel like going yet?

Fennekin: NO! Of course not! I can hold it.

I could tell Gengar was planning on winning since I failed at all his little tricks. although she was very strong nobody can hold on forever. After an hour she was getting desperate.

Fennekin's POV:

It wasn't long before I started having to change my pose to keep holding it in. At about 3:00 I had to keep my hind legs crossed to keep from leaking.

Snivy: you ok?

Fennekin: y-yes, i'm fine.

At 5:00 I had to stop every now and then when my bladder throbbed to keep from leaking. Not the best moment of my life.

Snivy: we can just give up if you want.

Fennekin: no! I can do this!

At 6:00 I had to shove a paw into my crotch to keep from leaking. I stayed like that until 9:00 which is when the bet was over.

Gengar: you actually made it!? B- but how!?

Snivy: stronger then she looks, Gengar. and we win the bet.

Before we would decide what to do with Gengar we went back to the apartment to empty my bladder's contents.

Snivy's POV:

It took about 20 minutes go get to my apartment and get inside.

Snivy: alright, go ahead.

Fennekin: I- I can't...

Snivy: what do you mean you can't- oh, crap...

Fennekin started tearing up. Her bladder was unstoppably throbbing and she couldn't move at all.

Snivy: hold on, i'm gonna get something.

I went into the bedroom and searched through my dresser. I then pulled out an emergency mat I stole from the neighbours. I came back and positioned it under Fennekin.

Snivy: you know what to do now.

Fennekin's POV:

After Snivy left I uncrossed my legs and removed my paw, then released. I must have peed for about 5 whole minutes before it stopped. At that time almost the whole thing was soaked. After that, Snivy came back and threw it out.

Snivy: wow, a really strong pup, huh.

Fennekin: yeah, best piss of my life. that was kinda weird to say...

Snivy: hehe, yeah. Now let's go take care of that retard.

After that we went and took care of Gengar.

THE END

Btw I might post alternate endings, and possibly what they did to Gengar if anyone is interested. ok bye!

*003*2015-10-17 18:18

FINALLY, SOME REPLIES! it took like two days! anyways ill work on my new paper mario TTYD later, but it may take a while with no arms and the fact that im a lazy ass core

