Testing Your Patience (A Pokemon BW Fanfic)

Author: wheatley

*000*2016-06-22 07:27

Well, I saw a very convenient picture on the internet from my time on google. And one thing I learned from the internet is that the internet has become very fucked up. Snivy and Emolga have been put in peeing fetishes, sexual assault and rapery, and being described as sluts.

Snivy: The squirrel is the only slut here!

Emolga: Shut up you little-

GET OUT OF MY NARRATION! Ahem, anyways, back to the story, there will be a moral I created to defend these two from the horrors of pornography. Can you find it? Well, heh, you'll see what-

Everyone: GET ON WITH IT!

Fine! Sheesh! *grumble grumble*

###

Our three intrepid heroes are relaxing somewhere in the forest, on their way to Ash's next gym battle. Cilan was preparing a meal while everyone's pokemon were hanging out somewhere in the distance. Everything was pretty normal, Pikachu checking on everyone, Oshawott being, well, Oshawott, Tepig resting and looking at the beautiful clear sky, just perfect.

Wait, I feel like i'm forgetting something. Oh right. them.

Well, I think we all know about the very annoying feud between Ash's Snivy and Iris' Emolga. Those two have been acting like complete f*cktards to each other for hell if I know. Snivy was mannered with cool, collected personality, and very easily pissed off. Still, she uses her skills to good work and covers for her friends when needed. Emolga on the other hand was more laid back. Instead of trying to be a good battler, she mostly uses volt switch to run off like a little b*tch and make someone else do her work. And instead of getting fresh fruit herself, she flirts with some random guy to trick them into handing over THEIR food.

Honestly, I know I said I was defending both of these girls, but I have to agree with Snivy that Emolga is just a lazy ass slut. Back to buisness, these two were, like I said, having a stupid feud with each other.

"I'm just saying, maybe you could make some actual progress if you stopped forcing others to do your bidding!"

"I'm just using my skills to my advantage! That's what masterminds do!"

"No, that's what SLUTS do. Just like you."

Yeah, this isn't going to be pretty.

"WHAT did you just call me!?"

"You're a stupid little slut."

You guys might want to move a few feet back.

"You call me that ONE more time, and I will zap your vagina so hard you won't be able to mate anymore!"

"SLUT SLUT SLUTTY SLUT! EMOLGA IS SUCH A SLUT!"

One second later and things got physical. Emolga jumped on Snivy and started to punch her. Snivy fought back, and i'm pretty sure you know what's going to happen.

"Wow." Oshawott said, holding a stopwatch. "30 seconds. That's a new record."

Pikachu sighed in annoyance. "I guess we have to break them up. again." These two have done this several times before, and it's starting to get on everyone's nerves. It's just a matter of time before someone breaks-

" GUYS, WILL YOU JUST SHUT UP!"

Oops. I spoke too soon.

"FOR THE LOVE OF ARCEUS, I AM SICK OF YOU TWO ALWAYS ASSULTING EACH OTHER!" Tepig shouted in extreme rage. He was disrupted from his happy spot after hearing the two of them in another one of their feuds. "I SWEAR, I AM THIS CLOSE TO SNAPPING BOTH OF YOUR-"

He was immediately knocked out after Oshawott poked him with a syringe. In case you were wondering, it was anesthetics. And it was meant for the two girls.

"Seriously, you two have to stop trying to kill each other!" Pikachu exclaimed. "We're running out of anesthetics, and you're going to end up hurting someone besides each other."

"Yeah." Oshawott said, with a less enthusiastic voice than usual. "Last time my left arm was included. It still hurts."

While they were talking, there was a shadow figure somewhere in the bushes who just happened to overhear their conversation.

'Well, I think I have perfect way to settle problems, yellow rat. Free of charge. Myeh heh heh...'

This guy is a very shady yo k- er, character. He also has a really stupid evil laugh.

*1 Hour later*

Everyone was hanging out at the campgrounds, enjoying the little stop for lunch. And it was a good stall for the catfight that happened earlier. (Snivy DID have to pee a bit, but she ignored it.) Still, I feel like something's missing. Oh yeah, I forgot it's times like this that Oshawott would try his luck with the ladies. Wait, CRAP! Oshawott's missing! Get the geography book!

Pikachu ran up to Snivy and Emolga, both enjoying their meals.

"*Huff, Huff* Snivy! Emolga! Oshawott was kidnapped by a really badass fox and was taken into the forest! You gotta help him!"

"Aw, do I have to!?" Emolga whined with a really derpy face. This was responded by Snivy giving her a B*tch slap. Then they ran into the forest to rescue the little blue otter. All according to the shady guy's plans.

Why don't I tell them what's going on? because i'm a disembodied voice, not an actual character in the story! Anyways, somewhere in the foresty area, Snivy and Emolga lost Pikachu and had to continue with each other. Eventually finding Oshawott holding some piece of paper.

"Hi Oshy! what'cha got there?" Emolga said, trying to sound glad Oshawott didn't die from predators.

"Hm? Oh, Hey guys! I just finished making this little wheel! It'll help you two stop being jerks to each other!"

Oshawott was standing next to some sort of wheel that you would see on wheel of fortune. It had a couple of challenges on it, which made no sense to solving the problem

"Why would we try out these stupid challenges? They all look retarded." Snivy said, in a very true manner.

"The winner gets a free coupon for peanuts!"

"Okay, i'm in." Both girls exclaimed with a more cheerful look.

CHALLENGE TIME!

Oshawott spun the wheel to see what challenge would be selected. It landed on 'holding contest', so that's what's going to happen. (hey! what a coincidence!)

"Alright! Looks like we have a winner!" Oshawott said with cheerful host face.

"How is this supposed to help us bond more?"

"DON'T ASK QUESTIONS! Alright, let's get started." Oshawott went behind the wheel and pulled out two tall glasses of water. "I just need each of you to drink one of these and we can get started."

Snivy took one glass and gulped it down, while Emolga took the other. Now then, good news bad news: The good news is, that was water from the lake. The bad news is, the water was drugged with some diuretic pills to sabotage them both. Don't ask me how Oshawott got his hands on them.

Alright, let the urine holding challenge, BEGIN! (with the stages of desperation. by an idiot.)

Stage 1: noticing discomfort

Alright, so this whole group of stages is supposed to take a couple of hours, but because of the whole diuretic pills thing, i'd say it'll take one hour before they give out. Anyways, now for the first stage.

"Well, this should be easy enough." Snivy kept her perky look waiting for the time when she sees Emolga shamefully piss herself out of overwhelming pressure.

"Don't speak so soon, I think I know what's going to happen when all this blows over and I get that coupon." Emolga was also determined to knock Snivy's confidence into the dust. I think both of them are unaware that things are going to flow a LOT quicker than expected (pun 99% intended).

After a few minutes of waiting, the noticeable urge hit both of them. A few seconds later, things started going into discomfort. Usually it takes a few minutes, but there's the whole diuretic pill thing going on, which speeds the whole process up. The girls started to show off a tiny blush out of slight embarrassment.

"Well, I guess this is slightly harder than expected." Snivy nervously spoke with a nervously soft voice. Oshawott (for some reason) decided to pull off a 'make things worse' question.

"Hey Snivy, considering this situation, have you ever actually wet yourself?"

Snivy turned her head away from Oshawott for a few seconds, but still spoke in a nervous voice. "I... there was one time back before Ash captured me, I drank way too much from the lake, and it caught up to me really quickly." Emolga would be using it for gossip, if she actually wanted to listen. "After a few hours, everything was hitting me at once, and I felt I was about to burst. After that... I- i'm sorry, I don't want to continue."

'Hehehe, all going to plan. Soon I have resource to make deal with perverted pokemon and get money.' Don't worry, this will make sense later.

Speaking of which, it's been half an hour, so it should be time for:

Stage 2: getting worse...

Or as the picture indicated: the orange zone. I don't know, I did this off the picture.

At this point, the pressure had increased quite a bit, and both Snivy and Emolga started to blush more. Emolga pushed her feet together too try supporting her crotch, but Snivy was determined to keep her dignity.

"S- shouldn't we be heading back to camp? Pikachu and the other are probably worried sick about us." Snivy was trying to sweet talk her way out of this, but we all know this isn't ending until 'it' happens. Let's just give them a few minutes to see what happens.

*20 minutes later*

Alright, it's been 20 minutes, and things aren't going too well. For little Snivy, anyways. The little urge to urinate at the beginning, along with the glasses of water and the flashback of her desperation was starting to take her. Still, she tried to keep her dignity by attempting to hold her crotch with her vine. You know, it's not losing your dignity if nobody catches you doing it.

Unfortunately, somebody DID catch her doing it. Emolga, to be precise.

"Getting touchy, are we?"

"WH-" Snivy got extremely shocked and embarrassed. "E- Emolga, what the heck!?"

"Look who can't control their puny bladder. I knew I could win this." Emolga pulled off a really badass look saying it. Buuuut, it only lasted a few seconds. Cause after that few seconds came: (I couldn't come up with a proper name so forgive me please.)

Stage 3: HOLY SH*T

Well, we all know what happens after a little bit of time on diuretics. Or a few hours after drinking a sh*tload of water and not going to the bathroom for a few hours. Anyways The girls were confronted by a large wave of desperation sending shivers up their bodies. And causing a whole lot more blushing.

At this point, Emolga immediately shoved her hands between her legs and into her crotch, while Snivy was just like 'F*CK MY DIGNITY', pushed her vine against her crotch, moved her legs towards each other, and shoved her own hands as far down to her crotch as she could. Snivy struggled to try and run, but she couldn't run without losing control. Wait, she can't move at all!

"H- hey, what's going on!? I can't move my body!" Emolga squealed, trying to move and stumble away. Or get out any way she could.

"Hehehehehehehehe... hahahahahahaha... MYAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" Oshawott started pulling off an evil laugh. An incredibly stupid evil laugh.

"Oshawott!? Is this you!? LET US GO RIGHT NOW!"

"What am I doing?" came a very familiar voice.

A blue otter walked towards the whole area of predicament with Pikachu... wait, there are two Oshawotts? Either i'm seeing that rare starter thing, or ONE OF THEM IS A SPY!

"Hey, who's the imposter?" Pikachu asked in a really suspicious voice. The Oshawott with the really maniacal look started to sweat. Then the really weird anime smokey shapeshift thing happened and the imposter revealed his true body, a Zorua.

"Hey, why are you disguising as me and doing... something with my friends?"

"Um, listen, I can explain, I very poor and need money. This is best way to earn cash." The Zorua spoke in a sorta manly voice.

"What's with the accent?" Pikachu said, still kinda pissed. "You sound stupid."

"It's Russian accent, you racist!"

Meanwhile, with Pikachu and Oshawott arguing with the Zorua, they still forgot about the girls still trapped through some sort of psychic force (I think it was the client). Still struggling to escape and hold back the inevitable, but there isn't any escape from the psychic force, unless the person using it lets you go (or you're just a god). Both of them were starting to tear up out of extreme and painful pressure to let everything go. Of course, we all know this leads to:

Stage 4: the inevitable

After an extremely painful spasm, both of then started to leak, which turned into a small stream running down their legs, until they finally let loose. They both released at the same time, creating a large puddle of urine on the floor. Still, it was a HUGE relief leaving saliva secreting from their mouths.

"Ohh, this feels so good, even if it's going down my leg."

After a long 2 minutes, they were released from that field, and free to go.

"Hey guys, did you deal with that fox guy?" Snivy asked, still embarrassed from the whole accident thing.

"Yeah." Oshawott said. "Pikachu's still watching him suffer."

"Well... at least I stiil get money."

"Hey, do we still get that coupon?"

"NO! You no get coupon because you make fun of my accent!"

Zorua ran off, and everyone just decided to head back.

"Hey, uh, you guys won't tell anyone about this, right?" Emolga asked, hoping to keep this all forgotten.

"Sure, sure. Nobody tells nobody, alright guys?"

Everyone nodded, and they headed back.

END

###

Well, what did you guys think?

Pikachu & Tepig: IT'S SH*T.

Meh. I guess that counts. Anyways, did you find that moral? Oh wait, I didn't post it, did I? well it's this: DON'T BE A F*CKING POKEPERVERT.

Well, i'll seeya later.

*003*2016-06-23 04:02

{{5 minutes ago, Lugia said:

This was the image wasn't it?

%https://e621.net/post/show/737878/-2013-3-absurd_res-ambiguous_gender-blush-brown_ey

}}

Well, it has the two characters I mentioned, I said it was a really convenient picture, and it pretty much went through the whole "holding contest" thing. if that's not the picture, then I'm a voltorb named balls. and i'm not.

