Theme Park Trouble

Author: Whpwhp

*000*2020-01-13 22:04

Chloe had been looking forward to going on this roller coaster ever since the park first spoke of it. The ride was called 'THE PLUNGER' and it had 5 loop de loops! She had dragged her best friend Mia all the way to the theme park just for this one ride.

Chloe was wearing a tight light blue t-shirt and some jeans held up with a belt, whereas Mia was wearing denim shorts and a long sleeve top. They had both drank alot of water on the way to the theme park as the day was very hot. Chloe had chosen to get to the park really early to avoid queues for the new ride and be the first to try it out.

As they arrived at the park Mia asked to use the toilet before going on the ride.

"NO! We need to be the first one on the ride Mia! Pee after, it wont take that long. Don't worry, I kinda need to go too!" She said grabbing Mia's hand and racing off to the ride as the gates opened.

They arrived as some of the first people and went on the front row.

"I do hope it's not too bad" Mia started "I actually have to pee pretty badly"

"I have to pee a little bit too but not that bad" Chloe returned.

The ride started up and they where carried into the air up to the first drop. The ride blasted down and zoomed through two loops when the girls heard a scatching noise. The ride started to slow down as they reached another dropping section and came to a holt.

"what just happened? Why did we stop?" Chloe asked.

A voice came through a nearby speaker "The Ride has broken down we are sorry for any inconveniences, if you are stuck on the ride just wait for the ride to be fixed. Refunds will be issued if the waiting period is too long. Thank you."

"They better get this ride going soon then" laughed Mia "getting desperate over here"

The ride however did not start anytime soon. Nearly two hours later the ride was still stuck and situations had become more dire.

Chloe noticed that in the past 15 minutes Mia had stopped speaking and was not silently fidgeting. She herself was getting increasingly desperate to the point of crossing her legs.

"If they take much longer i will wet myself" said Mia after a while. "I'm really fucking desperate Chlo"

"Don't worry they wont be too long now" said Chloe unsurely.

Another 10 minutes passed and now chloe had started to feel really desperate. The barrier was pressing uncomfortably on her bladder, the more she struggled the worse it became. Mia was now fidgeting wildly and wimpering from time to time.

"Chlo I...I think im gonna wet myself... seriously, I just leaked in my pants" she stammered.

"Wait shit really?? Come on Mia you can hold it just try and distract yourself."

"I cant it's just... Shit no. I cant hold it. Chlo i dont know what to do im about to pee! Fuck fuck i cant stop it. It keeps leaking out."

"Use your hands to stop it" Chloe rushed, but she could see it was too late, there was a growing wet spot on her friends shorts.

"Fuck It's coming out. I... cant stop...I cant" Mia fell silent and started to cry. There was pee running down her legs and seat. "Chlo i've just wet myself"

"It's okay dont worry its not your fault" Chloe tried sympathetically. Seeing her friend wet herself had increased her need however and she was started to think she would be in the same place soon"

15 minutes painfully dragged along as Chloe struggled against her increasing need to pee. Her Bladder bulged against the barrier and she kept nearly leaking.

"How you holding up Chlo?" asked Mia who had recovered from her accident.

"I don't think i can hold it much longer, If the ride doesnt start soon.." She trailed off.

After another painful 7 minutes the ride started up. What happened next was horrible, the loops where torture to her swollen bladder and she nearly leaked at the third drop. Against all odds she made it through the rest of the ride.

"Mia wheres the nearest toilet" She asked With her hands on her crotch hopping from one foot to the other.

As Mia checked the map Chloe had another painful urge to pee. She squeezed all her muscles as hard as she could and succefully held it in.

"Mia please hurry i'm about to wet myself"

"Looks like its this way" Mia shouted running off to the left.

As they arrived at the toilets Chloe saw the massive line and groaned. She was doomed.....

Stay tuned for the next part of the story! Comment what you would do in her situation

