Kevin is Forced to Have an Accident by his Female Friends

Author: wet_jeans_love

*000*2025-03-16 03:04

I know that the concept of "women force a guy to have an accident" is an idea some people here are interested in, so I decided to play around with it here (if you aren't into male wetting, it's easy to swap out the genders). Hope you enjoy!

*********

Kevin and Amanda were at their friend Chloe's house hanging out and chatting about spring break. They were all college students who had just gotten back from break. After Kevin and Amanda tell Chloe about their breaks, Amanda follows up by asking Chloe "By the way, is Emily doing alright? You know, after what happened at the amusement park last week?" Emily was another mutual friend of the three.

"Oh wait, what happened?" Kevin asked, somewhat concerned but also intrigued.

Chloe sighed. "Well, she was at Six Flags during break with some other friends. They went on a rollercoaster, and were trapped for two hours due to a mechanical issue until they were eventually rescued."

"Wow, that sucks." Kevin replied. "But just a minor inconvenience I guess. Could've been worse."

"Yeah...but that's not all that happened." Chloe said sheepishly. "You see, she had already waited an hour in line, and she drank a big soda before getting in line. So she had to pee really bad when she got on the coaster, and couldn't hold it. She peed her pants while trapped."

"Oh...damn. That's uh quite a story a guess." said Kevin, sympathetic but also a little confused. "Don't mean to be rude, but does she like, have a medical issue or something?".

Chloe and Amanda stared at Kevin dumbfounded at his question. "Are you serious Kevin? Our friend had an extremely embarrassing accident, and that's how you respond? No, she doesn't have a 'medical issue'. This was a shitty situation which could've happened to anyone." Chloe said is a serious tone. She continued "To make matters even worse, she was wearing tight, light jeans. And there was a random girl sitting next to her who saw her have the accident. And obviously she didn't have a change of clothes. So she had no choice but to walk through the park with her wet jeans. People saw her Kevin. A lot. Please try to have some sympathy. What if that happened to you?"

"Well, I know for a fact that wouldn't happen to me" Kevin chirped back indignantly. "Because I, like any adult, know how to hold my pee for a couple hours."

His two friends still were sitting there giving him an incredulous look for his lack of sympathy. In response to these disapproving glares Kevin says "You know what guys? I'm so sure I could hold it that I'm willing to recreate the situation to prove it. I'm serious. Tomorrow, I'll drink a big soda and hold for three hours like she had to. And I'm so sure of it, I'm willing to recreate the situation as closely as possible.

Chloe gave Kevin a confused look, which shifted to interesting and amused. She began to smile, and looked at Amanda. The look in their eyes said "We'll have a lot of fun with this."

Chloe then turned to Kevin and said "Ok, sure. Tomorrow evening, you're coming back here, to my house with Amanda. You will come wearing tight, light jeans, like what Emily wore on the coaster. Then you'll drink a big soda and hold for three hours. If you hold successfully, we'll forgive you."

"Deal!" Said Kevin confidently.

The next night, Kevin returned to Chloe's wearing the tight jeans as instructed. "Hey Kevin" Chloe smirked, alongside Amanda as they answered the door. "Are you ready?"

Kevin nodded. He went inside and there was a large, 32 oz soda sitting for him on the kitchen table. "Alright, drink up." said Chloe. "This is what Emily drank before holding for three hours.

"Ok fine." Kevin replied. He drink the soda at a steady pace as the three recalled the previous night, and how rude Kevin was. Despite this, Kevin doubled down and refused to apologize. As we finished the soda he said confidently "And now I don't pee for three hours, big deal. And you'll see that Emily should've been able to hold it, and my question last night was reasonable."

The first hour was somewhat uneventful as the soda worked its way through Kevin's body. He didn't have to pee much just yet. "How are you holding up?" Amanda asked as the first hour was up.

"Fine, I barely have to pee." Kevin replied. The look on his face was suggesting that perhaps he had to pee a little more than he was letting on.

"Ok" said Amanda. "But now is when Emily got stuck on the coaster for two hours." Chloe brought out a chair and some zip ties. "So for the next two hours, you'll be tied to this chair and tied up to simulate what Emily felt on that roller coaster."

Kevin gulped and breathed nervously. "Tied up in that chair, huh? Didn't know you guys were gonna take this so seriously tbh. Let's say I give up before the two hours are up, what then?" he asked apprehensively.

"Well..." Chloe smiled. "Emily didn't have the option of 'giving up', now did she?". Chloe continued "So you will be tied to this chair for the next two hours regardless of what happens. If you want to give up now and give a sincere apology for last night, we'll accept it. Otherwise, take a seat and we'll forgive you if you go through with this."

"No, no, I won't quit! Holding for two more hours will be easy, you just see!" The confidence in Kevin's voice didn't seem to match his actions, as he reluctantly sit in the chair and Chloe and Amanda tied him in with the Zip ties.

Around 30 minutes passed before Chloe and Amanda noticed Kevin squirming a little in his chair. "Gotta go, huh?" Chloe mocked Kevin. "Only 90 more minutes!"

Kevin replied "I'm just readjusting my position to make myself more comfortable. Ok, I'll admit. I have to pee. But I have strategies to make it easier to hold so I'm just doing that out of comfort, not necessity, you see..."

"Mmmmhmmm" Amanda smiled back. "I think your little pee pee dance is cute, don't be embarrassed!" she teased.

"It's not a pee pee dance" Kevin said softly.

Another 30 agonizing minutes passed for Kevin, while Amanda and Chloe stood there enjoying Kevin's suffering. He was shifting in his chair, shaking his leg, and even cursing under his breath. "One hour left!" Chloe called out.

"You know what?" Kevin asked in resignation. His tone had changed considerably. "I'm sorry for what I said. If you untie me, I will give all three of you a handwritten apology and $100 to show how much of an unsympathetic ass I was last night, ok?"

"Afraid it's too late for that!" Chloe said with cheerfully. "When we tied you up, we said you'd be tied up for two hours no matter what and we're gonna abide by that no matter what you said! You agreed to this Kevin!"

Kevin was about to speak, but knew it was no use. He just tried to hold. Another hour seemed like an eternity. He vastly underestimated how quickly that soda would increase his desperation. Another agonizing 10 minutes passed when someone entered the house.

"Who's that?" Kevin asked.

"Oh, that's our friend Sarah! I invited her over for her to enjoy the show you're putting on tonight!" "Hey Sarah!" Chloe called out to her friend enthusiastically. "Wanna see my friend Kevin piss his pants?"

"What the hell, who's Sarah?" Kevin asked confused and nervously.

"Well, a total stranger sitting next to poor Emily witnessed her accident, remember? We're trying to simulate this as closely as possible, so Sarah's here to witness your accident!"

Kevin looked at the three girls in horror as he struggled to hold. He was on the verge of losing control. He took a few deep breaths to try to get his composure. Then he cursed under his breath and his face began to turn bright red. A few seconds later, a dark patch appeared on the crotch of his jeans. The dark patched grew and he soaked his seat, his ass, and some piss dribbled on the floor.

Chloe smiled as she put her hand over her mouth. "omg, he's doing it, look! Kevin's peeing his pants. Awwww, feeling embarrassed Kevin? Why didn't you just hold it like you said you could?"

Sarah and Amanda laughed. Sarah couldn't believe she just walked in and then watched a guy piss himself a few minutes later. "This is such an interesting night! Thanks for inviting me to watch your friend piss his pants! Oh boy, that's incredible, I'm telling everyone about what I saw tonight!"

Kevin turned to Chloe, humiliated and bright red. "Look, you got what you want. I'm sorry, ok? Now please untie me."

"Well, Emily had to sit in her wet pants until the two hours were up, so you will too!"

So Kevin sat for another 50 minutes in his wet pants. He lost control one more time before finally being untied. The second time he lost control, his pants were completely drenched with piss and the sneaker he were wearing were squishing. "This SUCKKS" Kevin shouted out, still tied up in his soaking wet jeans.

"Ok time's finally up!" Chloe said. "Finally, I get to go home" sighed Kevin.

"Well sure" said Chloe. But you live ten blocks away, and it's a busy night. Hopefully no one sees you in those wet pants walking home!

"I thought ahead" replied Kevin. "I brought an extra pair of pants just in case something like this happened.

"Aww...but Emily didn't have an extra pair, did she? I'll be taking those." Chloe took Kevin's bag which contained the change of clothes he had brought and confiscated it from him. "You can have this back the next time you're over. Now good night pee pee boy!" Chloe taunted.

Kevin tried to protest but knew that would do no good. He left Chloe's house and walked back to his apartment with his head held down in shame. His soaked shoes squished as he walked and he was so soaked that he even left a little piss trail behind as he walked. He could hear people whispering and giggling at him as he walked home. So many people saw him in his pee soaked jeans "Just like what happened to Emily" Kevin sighed, as he vowed to himself never to be such an ass to his friends ever again.

