A maiden Fair and the Sorceress not so Fair (Generated in part with NovelAI)

Author: WaifuLifeu

*000*2021-11-28 07:07

So this is the first iteration (First chapter-ish) of a story I wanted to attempt using Novelai.net. For those familiar with it, this scenario has the "medieval" module applied as I wanted a fairly low fantasy scenario, and the "fantasy-general" module is too quick to go "and suddenly a dwarf/elf appears." The output length is set to ~400 characters (the max), and the "Randomness" and "Repetition Penalty" are default (.72 and 2.75 respectively). I included a primer for the program, the first part of the story, and tried to be direct and overexplain so it wouldn't get confused. So the first couple paragraphs are kind of description heavy to see what the program grabs on to, some phrases or word choices are repeated to help it make associations.

I have some omorashi "tokens" slightly biased (.25) but it hasn't had much of an effect yet, and turning the setting higher leads to poor results. I'm still learning the system overall, so results are getting there. I am hopeful as I continue with this the program follows along well. I tried using 3rd person in an earlier draft and the system doesn't want to play nice with it. I can probably work on that better but for now 1st person got better results in my case. I haven't edited for grammar from the system as it did extremely well the first go around, they have a really good machine there. There are some wonky phrases, but they are few.

Aside from the primer, and a few sections to build a scene, I tried to mostly go back and forth with the system, and let it lead when it came with an interesting transition. There are ~3-4 "scenes" in this first part, mostly to try and train the system. I am generally not a fan of stories that move from one wetting scene to another.

In an earlier draft, I tried to work in a scene involving a diaper, but the system had a really hard time with it. It lead to really sudden changes of things like: character dynamics, age, setting, including objects not associated with scene. I decided against pushing that for now, or ever.

Please let me know your thoughts on this, and what you think of the concept!

(It also "technically" takes place in a pathfinder 2e setting I have written about 25k words on and is still a WIP. I have lowered the overall level of fantasy.)

TRIGGER WARNING: The program began to generate a scene involving sexual assault and I followed it along to see. Not really my thing overall. It is towards the end though. Stop reading after the MC passes out if you are looking to avoid things like this.

Larton:

Beginning of Provided Primer:

I pick my heavy head off the table and gaze around me. I am still sitting in the Tavern in Larton, and the locals mix and mingle around me, drinking cheap ale on a summer’s eve. Larton is my most recent stop on my journey to make a name for myself as an adventurer, and as I rest my hand on my father’s sword, I think how far yet I have on this journey. My name is Nora, and I am 21 years old. I left my father’s farm a year ago when I turned 20. I pull my hair out of my face, long locks of blonde hair, and I tie it into a loose ponytail. My adventuring gear sits heavy on my body, I tire from the long walk to arrive here.

On my birthday my father gave me his sword, it is not something incredibly ornate or long, but it belongs to family and is rather important to me. He also gave me a simple metal breastplate to complete my outfit. Along with it I wear a cream-colored blouse, and a navy-blue pleated skirt that hangs just above my knees. Finally, I’m wearing a gift from my mother, a matching set of panties and bra. The panties hug tightly, and are lavender with a cream-colored lace trim. The bra is the same color, and does all it can to accentuate my small breasts. I huff, I had hoped I would grow into them at some point.

I look across the tavern to a woman speaking with the bar-tender to secure a room for the night. Her name is Arya, and we have been traveling together for about 6 months. I stare at her while I feel my face redden and my arousal grow. I feel a moistness seep into my panties as I think back on when I first met Arya.

I had just reached in a village called Grimsby, I arrived to join in the winter festival. The town square was decorated with lanterns and people drank and made merry in the cool breeze. I walked around the village awestruck by the festivities, I ate roast meat I had never tried and drank so much ale that my stomach hurt, and eventually made my bladder ache. I put it off for as long as I could, holding my crotch under my skirt while I watched the performances, until I could hardly hold it and left the crowd to find a bathroom.

I was almost to the middle of the square when something came crashing out of the forest into the village, a demon, as large as a cart and full of fury and hate. It began tearing into the crowd as the people screamed before their throats were torn open, splashing their hot blood into the snow. I ducked into a merchant’s stall and hid behind the thin fabric, hoping it would shield me from the beast. Once hidden my hands flew to my crotch as I pressed firmly against my vagina, I was so close to having an accident, I was at my limit to hold it. A whistle distracted me, there was a woman about 100 feet away hiding behind a building.

She waved her hand silently for me to run to her and escape. But I couldn’t move, if I ran, I would attract the beast and I would lose control of my bladder, both outcomes I would rather avoid. However, I heard the village square behind me grow silent, and heard the snorting of the beast trying to smell my presence. A chill ran down my spine and I felt my body tense up like a rock being this close to the demon. I closed my eyes and bit my lip as I felt the terror grip my body and my bladder finally release its burden. I stood still as hot urine flowed into my panties, first a little spurt, then the flow soaking them, and finally the pee running down my thighs and forming a puddle under my feet.

My face flushed, even with my eyes closed I could tell this woman just saw me wet myself in fear, if I weren’t so scared, I would have started crying. Distracting me from the feeling of wetting myself, I heard the demon stop just on the other side of the cloth and begin sniffing the ground. It could smell my pee! I now reeked of urine, and it could definitely smell me through the cloth. I began running towards the woman just as its bloody claw ripped through the tent, urine still dripping from my crotch. As I rounded the corner to her hiding place, the demon on my heels, she pulled us down a brush covered hill toward the river, the monster losing us in the bushes, and we ran. We ran for what felt like a mile before coming to rest at her camp by the river. I dropped to my knees and covered my face with my hands. I felt like a child, covered in dirt with twigs in my hair, and my underwear and legs soaked with pee. The woman kneeled in front of me, and introduced herself

“Please don’t cry, I’m glad you’re safe. My name is Arya.” She said to me in a soft voice. I looked up at her green eyes while she continued. “I know it’s embarrassing, but you had an accident, you wet yourself, Doll, if you would like, I can help clean you up.”

My face grew red and hot with embarrassment as I considered her proposal. Silently, I laid down on the ground and spread my legs to her, inviting Arya to clean me of my accident. Softly and gingerly she pulled my skirt down to my ankles and set it aside, before doing the same to my wet panties. She wiped my crotch and thighs with a wet rag, being gentle over my sensitive mound, before removing my breastplate and blouse. Now nude, she wrapped me in a soft blanket and sat me by the fire before she walked towards the river to wash my clothes. I felt myself growing sleepy, my body and mind worn from the incident. I was just about to doze off when Arya returned and guided me over to her bedroll, Arya pulled me close to her chest and let me sleep on her large breasts, like soft billowy pillows. I slept deeply.

Returning to the present from my thoughts on the past, I removed my hand that had moved under my skirt to rub my pussy through my underwear, my slick juices already making the crotch of my panties wet. I stared longingly at Arya, she was taller than I was, and with larger breasts and hips. She wore a dark green velvet dress and high heel boots that went up to her knees. I think her panties are burgundy. Her dark hair hangs in loose curls down her back and around her face, framing those gentle green eyes. Since we started traveling together 6 months ago after the incident in Grimsby, she has always taken care of me. She is a novice spellcaster, trained in a few spells she uses to protect me. Shielding me from danger and rescuing me when I am scared, I can tell she cares greatly about my safety.

We’re not lovers yet, but I hope we can be soon. I can tell she is worried about me though. Since seeing the demon in Grimsby, my accidents have gotten worse, when I get anxious, I feel a strong need to pee, and when I get scared, I often wet myself. Worse still, the nightmares from when I was a little girl have returned, and I get so scared during these nightmares that I wet the bed too. Since Arya and I often share a bed, she is always there to wake me up when I have an accident while I am sleeping, clean me up, and soothe my embarrassment. As much as I hate to admit it, I can’t help but feel aroused when she takes care of me like that. It makes me feel so protected and cherished.

Brought out of my thoughts, Arya returns to the table, “Nora, I got us a room, only one bed though, I hope you don’t mind that we have to share again” she says to me.

“I don’t mind, I feel stressed from today, I wouldn’t mind being close to you Arya” I tell her softly.

I finish my ale and follow her upstairs to our room. As we lay down, I feel myself quickly slip into slumber, before I am assailed by a terrible nightmare. I am alone in the woods, Arya is nowhere nearby, and I hear the hot breath of a beast in the woods, my body begins to quake in terror. My thighs clench together as I try to hold an accident back. But suddenly, the beast leaps from the brush, its teeth bared and bloody claws outstretched.

End of Provided Primer:

“NO!” I scream in fear as the creature lunges for me. The nightmare ends, and I awake, drenched in sweat and panting heavily. I feel Arya shaking me, and I open my eyes to see her smiling gently at me. I look down and notice I have wet my panties, and the blanket is soaked with my urine. I blush red with shame.

“Are you ok?” Arya asks me, concerned.

“Yes, I’m fine, sorry for waking you Arya, I had another nightmare..." I trail off.

Arya brushes my hair out of my face and caresses my cheek, she hasn't noticed I had an accident yet.

"It was all just a dream, Doll. You're safe now." Arya whispers to me, placing her forehead against mine. She scoots closer to me in bed to hug me but stops when she feels the wetness. "Did you have another accident?" She asks, stroking my back.

"Yes..." I whisper out meekly. I'm so embarrassed I wet the bed again next to Arya. I ponder if she is beginning to hate me for it.

Arya pulls the blanket away to take a look at me, my panties are soaked and cling to my skin, and there is a large wet patch in the bed around my butt. I pull my knees to my chest as the smell of urine now wafts through the air.

"Doll, you're covered in pee. Let me clean you up, please." Arya whispers, attempting to comfort me.

I shake my head no. "No, I want to do it myself. I'll be more comfortable doing it myself." I tell her.

"Please let me help you, Doll. Please trust me." Arya begs me.

I know I shouldn't, but I can't help myself. I feel a strange urge to be cleaned up, and I know it will make me feel better.

"Ok, then...but you have to promise not to laugh." I say.

"When have I ever laughed at you Nora" Arya says to affirm me. She leaves the bed and returns with a warm rag. Laying me down on my back, she pulls my wet panties down and begins to wipe me down, beginning with my thighs and moving to my butt and wet mound.

My cheeks grow red, I hope Arya thinks it's from embarrassment, but to be truthful being cleaned like this is beginning to turn me on.

Arya leans over me, her hands holding my ankles as she cleans between them. Her breasts press against my back, and I feel her hard nipples pressing into my skin. I moan softly, and Arya looks at me, seeing the flush in my face.

"What's wrong?" She asks me, stroking my hair.

"Nothing, I just feel really relaxed after you cleaned me up. It felt good." I answer her.

Arya smiles and kisses the top of my head, and I feel her soft lips on my scalp.

She pulls me into a tight hug, and whispers into my ear, "Let's go back to sleep, you're still worn out from all this." We lay back down, Arya nestles herself to spoon me, wrapping her arms around my chest and pulling me into a deep embrace. I quickly drift off to sleep again, feeling safe wrapped in her arms, the arms of my protector.

The next morning, I wake up to find Arya laying beside me. She must have fallen asleep during the night. I'm relieved that she didn't leave me alone last night, but I am also a little disappointed. I feel bad for having woken her up, and I want to thank her for taking care of me. I get out of bed, and Arya wakes up as well.

"Good morning, Doll." Arya says sweetly. She stretches and yawns.

"Thank you for last night, I felt a lot better after you cleaned me up. I'm sorry if it was a trouble," I stammer out, shifting my feet. I'm still nude.

"Honestly it's never an issue, if it makes you feel better, I'll be here to clean you no matter what. But perhaps you should get dressed."

I look down at my figure, I feel comfortable being naked in front of Arya, even if we're not lovers yet. I nod and walk over to my pack to get dressed, while Arya exits the bed and heads towards the kitchen to prepare our breakfast. Once she is gone, a hand wanders down to my pussy, I feel myself beginning to become aroused again thinking of her offer to always take care of me. I think it's starting to turn me on when she takes care of me like that. I pull my panties on, my juices making the crotch damp. I finish with the rest of my outfit, my skirt and my blouse, before joining her in the kitchen.

We eat breakfast together, and I find myself enjoying it. The food tastes great, and I enjoy the company. Arya tells me stories about her childhood, and I smile and listen. I'm surprised at how much I enjoy hearing about her life growing up, I had thought she would be more closed off, but I see now that she is very open with me. She has a beautiful soul, and I am happy to share her company.

After breakfast, I feel a little nervous.

Our journey today will take us through a thick wood before we reach another village named Arnward, closer to the mountains. My nervousness comes from thoughts of the wood, they have always scared me since I was a little girl. When I was about 7, I got separated from my father and became lost in the woods for hours, my father finally found me hiding behind a tree stump, crying, and having had an accident. I squirm in my seat from the memory, my hips wiggling into the chair.

Arya looks at me quizzically, "Nora, are you alright? You're fidgeting a lot," she asks.

"I'm fine, I'm just remembering something that happened to me when I was young." I tell her.

"What did happen?" She asks.

"Well, I was just a little girl, and I was lost in the woods, I was terrified. I hid behind a tree stump, crying, and my father found me there. He carried me back to my mother, and she took care of me until I was smiling again."

"That's awful!

"Yeah," I hang my head slightly, "I've always been anxious about walking through the woods. You'll protect me if anything happens won't you?"

"Always, Doll," Arya smiles in between bites of porridge, "You know I am always here for you"

"Thanks Arya, You don't know how much that actually means to me," I smile back at her. I feel a pressure in my bladder, all the juice I drank with breakfast is filling it rapidly. I squirm in my seat more.

"Do you need to go?" Arya asks.

"Yes, I feel a bit uncomfortable, I'd rather be outside." I answer her.

"Alright, let's go then." Arya gets up from the table and walks over to the door, opening it and stepping out.

"Where are you going?" I ask, confused.

"To the bathroom, you can come with me if you want." Arya answers.

"Oh," I stand up and follow her, "I guess I'll be following you to the bathroom then." I laugh nervously, I'm embarrassed to be so close to her. I hope she doesn't notice.

As we walk, I feel a slight breeze against my skin. It feels nice, and I stop to take a deep breath. Arya turns to look at me, and I quickly turn away. I'm embarrassed, and I'm not sure why. I can feel myself getting wetter as I walk, and I try to ignore it.

We reach a spot just outside of the village near the woods, in a place no one else can see us. Arya steps behind a bush and I can hear her start to pee, the sound of liquid splashing loud in my anxious ears. My bladder spasms and I nearly let go as I listen to her, I hold myself as I wait for her to finish, so she can keep watch while I relieve myself. Finally, the sound tapers off and ceases, and Arya reappears from behind the bushes. She looks at me quizzically,

"Haven't you gone yet? What are you waiting for?" She asks.

I begin to stammer as I explain, "I'm nervous about being so close to the woods, can you keep watch for me?"

"Silly girl, If you waited any longer you might have wet yourself, and then I would have to clean you again," She teases, sticking her tongue out.

I feel my face flush, "That's not funny Arya!" I blurt out. I feel my panties dampen as my arousal flares. "Do I like it when she talks to me like that?" I think to myself.

"Sorry, didn't mean to offend."

I shuffle past her, still holding myself, and step behind the bushes. I pull my panties to my ankles and squat towards the ground. I begin to relieve myself, and I feel the cool air on my pussy lips. I push them apart and let the urine stream freely. It spashes against the leaves and pools briefly on the dirt before sinking into the ground. I stand up and wipe myself, putting my panties back on.

"There, that wasn't so bad now was it?" Arya asks, laughing.

"No, I'm okay," I say, embarrassed, "Thank you for watching out."

"Don't mention it, Doll." She says, "Let's get back to the inn, we need to finish packing."

I follow Arya back inside, and muse about that experience. "Why do I like when she talks down to me? I should make me embarrassed but it makes me so wet," I say to myself, not loud enough for Arya to hear, but loud enough for me to affirm my feelings.

"Go finish packing, I'll wrap up breakfast," Arya states, in an almost commanding tone.

I shuffle up the stairs, and retrieve our bags. By the time I come back downstairs Arya is waiting by the door, tapping her foot in an exaggerated manner, feigning great impatience.

We step out together and walk for a short distance through the village before reaching the start of the path out of town, and the yawning entrance to the forest. I stop and take a deep breath, trying my best to slow my racing heart. I can feel myself breaking into a cool sweat.

"What's wrong?" Arya asks, noticing my sudden change in demeanor.

"Nothing, I'm fine, just a little nervous." I tell her, trying to act normal.

"Well, if you're going to be a good girl, I won't force you to go in." She tells me.

"I'm not a 'good girl' I'm just nervous, I don't want to be a burden."

"You're not a burden, Doll. Look, I understand your feelings, and I really appreciate you sharing that story with me this morning. Just know that I'm here for you."

"That makes me feel a little better," I smile at her kind words, she really does care for me, and I feel like it may be selfish in my part to rely on her so much.

"I mean it, honest."

We walk further down the path, entering the forest proper, quickly the bright morning sun is occluded by the tall trees, with only sparse rays shining in between the leaves. I think back to the forest near my father's farm and how similar it looked. Despite my fears, the travel is rather uneventful, and after a couple hours Arya takes a seat near the trail.

"Come sit, Nora," She says and pats the ground next to her. "We've made good time, we can afford to rest a while." She pulls her canteen from her pack and takes a couple sips. I retrieve mine as well and greedily gulp down the cool water, I didn't think I was so thirsty. "You should slow down, you're going to get a stomach ache drinking so much," Arya tells me, concern thick in her voice.

"I'll be fine, I'm just really thirsty for some reason." I walk over and sit next to Arya, I can feel the water sloshing in my stomach. I put the canteen down and lean against a tree, resting my head on her shoulder.

"You sure you don't want to lie down?" She asks.

"No, I'm fine, just tired." I answer.

Arya doesn't say anything else, and I feel comfortable enough to close my eyes. After a few minutes I feel her hand on my cheek, and she gently turns my face towards hers. She kisses me softly on the lips, then pulls away and stands up.

"You've been so brave so far, I thought I should reward you," Arya says coyly.

I flush a deep red. "I didn't think you would go for that kind of reward," I stammer out.

"Don't worry about it, Doll. Lets keep walking, the wood is supposed to get thicker up ahead."

Her words send an icy chill down my spine, I tremble slightly in fright. We continue walking deeper into the forest, the trees now growing much closer together, their canopies so thick the whole area is cast in shadow.

"What kind of things do you think live in a forest like this?" I ask Arya, my voice wavering slightly.

"Why do you ask?" Arya responds. "Nora, your hand is trembling and your whole body is shaking, are you alright?"

I look down and find that I am holding her hand, I must have grabbed it unconsciously, I don't want to admit to her that I am terrified, I'm so scared it's almost unbearable.

"I'm fine, I just...wanted to know what kind of animals live in a place like this."

"Well, I'm sure there are all sorts of animals living here, but you probably won't see any until we get a bit further in. There's a lot of predators around here, they tend to stay in the thickest parts of the woods, where it gets dark."

"Predators?" I ask, trying to hide my fear.

"Yeah, wolves, bears, fouler beasts, you name it.

I feel my gut sink like a rock, My feet drag and I almost trip as I hold on to Arya's hand. I let go of her hand and freeze in my tracks. Arya looks behind to me and a look of deep concern crosses her face. I can't move any further, my hands are clutched in my chest, my thighs pressed tightly together, and my whole body is trembling.

"It's ok, Doll, it's okay." Arya's voice sounds far away, as if I'm underwater. "Just relax, I'm right here."

"I can't..." I whisper.

"Yes, you can." She strokes my hair and rubs my back. "Take a deep breath, it'll help."

I nod and take a deep breath, trying to calm myself. I feel my heart beating rapidly in my chest, it feels like it's going to explode.

I continue to take deep breaths, one after another, and I begin to feel myself relaxing, but as I do I feel a pressure in my bladder. I'll need to pee soon.

"Arya, I need to pee soon," I say, shyly.

Arya looks around, "It's probably not best to venture off the path in this part of the woods, you'll have to hold it in. We're probably not far from Arnward now, just wait and endure a little longer ok?"

I can tell she is lying, we're probably hours away. I nod and try to ignore the feeling in my bladder. I look at Arya and see her smiling, she knows something, she's hiding it. I feel my cheeks burn with shame, she has to be laughing at me.

"What's wrong?" She asks.

"Nothing," I reply.

"You're blushing." She teases. "Come on, lets keep going."

We walk in silence for a while, my mind is racing. I wonder what Arya is thinking, how she can be so calm when I'm so scared?

The time and distance we travel seems to slow to a crawl, I feel like we're getting nowhere, all the while I begin to feel more and more desperate, the pressure in my bladder mounting. Eventually, I find myself holding Arya's hand with one of mine, while the other is shoved under my skirt, holding my crotch tightly. I feel like a little girl being led around by her mother.

I look over at Arya and see that she's looking straight ahead, her expression unreadable. She's clearly doing everything in her power to hide her smile. I look down and notice that I'm squeezing my legs together so hard I'm almost in pain, I'm beginning to get worried. I don't want to ruin my skirt again, and I also don't want to wet myself. I try to distract myself by thinking about anything else, but I'm too afraid to look at Arya, I'm afraid that I'll see the smirk on her face.

Suddenly a bush rustles with great intensity on the path just ahead of us. I let out a gasp in shock, and feel my bladder relax for just a moment, a spurt of hot pee sprays out into my panties and I can feel it warm and wet against my hand. I tighten my grip on my pussy and grind my legs together before any more can come out. The rustling stops, and a rabbit darts across the road, quickly followed by a fox.

Arya looks over at me, "See? It's just a fox, Nora." She looks back towards the road and smiles, "I always liked how fluffy their tails were, they look so soft." She goes to take a step forward but her arm is jerked back as I remain glued in place. "Nora, are you ok? That didn't scare you did it?"

"I almost had an accident, I really can't hold it much longer." I tell her with tears forming in my eyes. My bladder aches so bad.

"I know, I know." Arya replies. "Just hang on a little longer, we're almost there."

She walks up to me and takes my hands in hers, then leans down and kisses my forehead. I feel my face flush red with embarrassment, but she doesn't seem to notice.

We continue further on the path, and after rounding a bend, the trees begin to thin and I see the small gathering of buildings that is the village of Arnward. I feel a surge of hope and relief, and quicken my steps towards the town.

"You better slow down, you might trip, or worse," Arya calls to me.

I stop to look over the town, looking for a bathroom. As I spot an outhouse next to a barn, I feel another spurt leak into my panties, this time much longer, and I feel a streak of pee run down my thigh. I begin running towards the bathroom, spurting with each step. I rush into the outhouse, push my panties down to my ankles, and plant myself on the seat. I feel a rush of relief as I empty my aching bladder into the toilet, I shiver slightly. I look down to survey the damage to my clothes, my panties are wet, and my legs are streaked with urine. I feel a wave of disappointment wash over me. I tried and held it for so long, but I still ended up basically wetting myself. I hear a knock on the door of the outhouse.

"You ok in there, Doll?" Arya asks through the door. "Did you make it in time?"

"Not really..." is the only reply I can manage. How can I face her? It's basically like I still had an accident, with how wet my underwear is. I decide to just stay inside until Arya leaves, hopefully I can fix my skirt without ruining it.

After a few minutes, I hear footsteps coming closer. I open the door, and see Arya standing outside. She looks down at my wet clothes and frowns.

"Oh no, did you have an accident?" She asks.

"Yeah, I... I couldn't hold it." I tell her, feeling ashamed.

"That's awful." She says sympathetically.

"I'm really sorry," I tell her meekly.

"It's ok, Doll. At least we made it to the town. Lets check in to the house and I can get you cleaned up.

I follow Arya, sticking close behind, trying to hide behind her. I'm sure if anyone looked at me they would see the wet patch on my skirt and would be able to tell what I did. We enter the inn and I am practically clutching onto her dress, my anxiety rises as I see all the people in the inn. I hang my head and close my eyes, attempting to shut the whole room out. My mind is racing with anxious thoughts, "What if they smell me? I'm sure I stink of pee. Any mother in here would know exactly what the smell is, the smell of a little girl who wet herself."

"Nora... Nora!" Arya says to me with some urgency. I was so focused on my thoughts I didn't even hear her talking to me. "I got us our room, it's a small cabin separate from the main building. Let's go," Nora says to me, rubbing my shoulder. She leads me by the hand out of the inn.

As we exit the door I see a small boy pointing at me and tugging on his mother's apron, "Mommy, mommy look! She peed!" the boy shouts at his mother.

The woman turns and looks at me, her eyes widen in surprise, then she sees the wet patch on my skirt. Her face changes to one of horror and disgust. I shrink away from her, my heart pounding in my chest. I turn and run, heading back towards the outhouse. I can't face them.

"Nora, wait!" Arya calls out to me. I keep running, not stopping until I reach the outhouse. I quickly slip off my shoes and pull down my panties. I sit down and try to wipe myself clean, but my underwear is soaked, and I can't get any of the wetness out. I hear the door to the outhouse open, and I turn to see Arya standing in the doorway. I freeze, fearing that she will see me.

"Are you ok in there, Doll?" Arya asks.

"I'm fine," I say quietly. "I just need to wash my clothes."

Arya leads me down a dirt road, away from the main street. She stops at a small wooden cabin, and opens the door for me. I step inside and Arya closes the door behind me. The cabin is small, but cozy, with a large bed and a table with two chairs. A wood stove sits in one corner of the room, and a small window with a view of the woods.

"Here, sit down." Arya tells me, pulling out a chair from the table and sitting down.

I sit at the table opposite from her, my heart still racing and my head foggy.

"Are you ok? You almost lost it in there." Arya asks me, I can hear the worry in her voice.

"I'm fine, I think I just need to clean up." I tell her, and I stand up and move to the basin near the stove. I remove my wet clothes and start to wash them, keeping my back to Arya. I can feel her watching me, and I try to keep my movements slow and controlled. I finish washing my clothes, and hang them on the hook on the wall. I then take a small towel and dry off my body, avoiding looking at Arya. I then use the towel to wipe the floor around the basin, before hanging it back up.

"Doll, why don't you sit down and rest?" Arya suggests.

"Ok," I answer, sitting back down at the table.

"Are you hungry? Do you want something to eat?" Arya asks.

"No, I'm good," I answer.

"You must be exhausted after that long walk. Why don't you lie down and get some sleep?"

I go to stand and walk over to the bed, but as soon as I am on my feet the room begins to spin and by vision grows blurry. I try to call out to Arya, but as I mouth the words to her I pass out and fall towards the ground, hitting my head on the table on the way down.

I wake up in a dark room, lying on a soft mattress. I can hear voices outside the room, and I slowly sit up. I feel groggy and disoriented, and I am unable to focus my eyes. I rub the side of my head, feeling the bump where I hit the table. I try to remember how I got here, but I have no recollection of it.

"How are you feeling?" I hear a deep voice ask.

I turn my head and see a man standing in the doorway.

I see the man approach me, his boots heavy on the wood floor. He grabs my arms and pins me back down on the bed, I try to fight back but my whole body feels so weak. I try to call out for Arya, the one who always takes care of me, but my voice halts in my throat, I can't get the sounds out. The terror of the situation begins to set in, I freeze in the mans grasp.

"I'm so scared, where is Arya, why isn't she here?" I think.

The man moves his hands, using one of his thick arms to push my chest into the bed and the other to pull the blankets off my lower body, exposing me naked. He takes his free hand and begins to stroke my thighs, I clench them tightly, but he pulls my knees apart, spreading my legs again. He runs his hand up to my crotch and rubs my pussy roughly, running calloused fingers around my folds and clit. I try to lift my arms to fight back but he hand he has pressing my chest is too strong. I hold onto his arm and close my eyes. The fear is too much for me, I feel the bed grow warm and wet as I pee myself again, this time from abject terror.

I wake up, flailing my arms and screaming Arya's name. The man wasn't real, I was having a horrible nightmare. My head aches, and I rub my temples. I look around the small cabin, and see Arya sitting at the table. Her face is pale, and her hair looks like it has been messed up. She notices me looking at her and smiles, but there is sadness in her eyes.

"You had another bad dream, didn't you?" Arya asks.

"Yeah," I answer. "I'm sorry, I woke you up."

"It's ok, you needed the rest."

Arya walks over to the bed and sits on the ends next to me, she brushes my hair back and rubs my cheek lightly. She shushes me, "Shh, it's ok, Doll. You're safe now. It was just a nightmare." She then sticks a hand beneath the blanket, feeling the bed around my crotch. "Nora, you had another accident.." She trails off.

"What?" I ask.

"Nothing, nothing. I'll get you cleaned up and we will talk later," Arya says.

She helps me stand and leads me to the basin. She wipes me down and gives me a fresh change of clothes. She then takes me back to the bed and covers me up.

"Go back to sleep, I'll stay with you tonight." She tells me.

I lay there in the dark, listening to Arya breathe. I try to convince myself that the nightmare was just a dream, and finally succumb to sleep once more.

