Middle of the night

Author: Wetplay

*000*2025-06-30 03:16

It’s 2:am. Sandy just got home from a night out drinking. She’s had a ton of fun with her friends, but is now exhausted and wants to go straight to sleep. Too drunk to take off any makeup, she slides into bed and almost immediately falls asleep.

After a few hours or so, Sandy is woken by a sharp sensation in her bladder. She needs to pee. She’s too comfy and doesn’t want to get up. “Maybe if I go back to sleep, it’ll go away,” she thinks to herself. As she slowly nods off, the sensation heightens. She really needs to pee. She rolls over onto her side and manages to fall asleep.

Again, her sleep is interrupted by an intense urge to release. As she rolls on her back, a large squirt lets out. Sandy, half conscious, feels her panties and notices that they’re soaked. She’s annoyed but unbothered. She takes off her panties, tosses them aside and commits to a few more hours of sleep.

Another urge wakes her. This time, Sandy, half awake, finds herself actively peeing in bed. She grabs her crotch quickly to stop it but she keeps going. She flings her cover across the bed and hunches over, tightly grabbing between her legs to stop the flow. She’s trying hard to keep it in but the urge to release is overwhelming. It won’t stop. Her hands are overflowing with pee. A pool is forming beneath her. The sensation is inescapable. She can’t help it. Holding it in only makes it harder. 

She leans back struggling to hold it in. Her legs are tightly locked, but it’s useless. She gives in, she releases. A strong, steady flow continues through her hands as a wave of relief rushes over her. Eyes closed, she relaxes her body as the rest of her bladder empties onto her bed. The warm pool engulfs her body as she settles back in. The sensation disappears and the sleepiness return to her. Calm and satisfied, her body wades in a puddle, wet and warm. Finally relieved, Sandy grabs the covers, turns over to her side, adjusts her pillow, and goes back to sleep.

