Hetalia: Love and desperation

Author: Wet Unicorn

*000*2022-03-23 16:49

Hello everyone! I am so happy and proud to post my first story here! Please check my profile to more info about me.

This story is Hetalia fanfiction and I hope you like it.

###

Italy stretched his legs and arms pushing the blanket off him. He was still half asleep. The light of the sun flashed between the silk curtains in the room that he was sleeping in.

Italy put his arm down and touched something hard, covered with thin fabric, and he sighed.

“Oh, good morning Germany”, Italy said happily.

“Take your hand of my crotch”, Germany said angrily.

“I.. I am sorry Germany”, Italy said blushing, and Germany sighed.

The man seemed so embarrassed, Italy could tell that from the mans wandering eyes and blushing red cheeks. Italy decided quickly to get up from the bed and started to get some clothes on.

Italy was about to ask if the man was going with him to get some breakfast, but then again he remembered his embarrassment and decided to let go. He had hit a man's delicate place literally, he thought. But they had been touching each other before, was he right? Cuddled and even kissed, slept together and so on. What was with the man right now? He was just about to ask, when he heard noises coming from the hallway.

Germany looked up when Italy started to get dressed. Was he even noticed that he had been… Hard right at the morning? It seemed that even if he did notice he didn’t care. Still Germany felt so embarrassed. First because Italy had touched hes manhood, although it was just an accident, and also that he had been so angry at him.

Germany had a crazy dream last night. He himself had been somewhat called Holy Roman Empire in that dream. He had fallen in love with a beautiful young girl called Italy.

Germany shook his head, memorising that dream only got his manhood to pulse. And that dream did not make any sense at all. Italy was not a woman, right?

Suddenly he heard loud noises coming from the hallway. Someone knocked the door, and Germany quickly pulled his blanket tighter around him just when Italy opens the door.

A confident man bursted to their room. He was Denmark, one of the nordic countries who seemed not to have any proper manners.

“Good morning fellows!” he yelled. Behind him standed another man, probably Denmarks own roommate Norway.

“How dare you to burst in here like that!” Germany yelled back at him and begin to swear loudly in german language.

“Relax bro, we just got in here to use your bathroom”, Denmark said sounding so carefree.

“Oh, what happened to your bathroom?” Italy asked when Denmark walked past him.

”Let’s just say someone tried to flush down our todays meeting plans”, Norway said shaking his head.

”Enough of that”, Denmark replied and locked himself to the bathroom. Norway walked into their room and just when Italy was turning towards Germany, the man all sudden began to shout.

”CLOSE THE DAMN DOOR SO I CAN PUT SOME CLOTHES ON!”

Italy’s face went all pale, but Norway just closed the door behind him like it was nothing.

Germany got up from the bed, sighing loudly. He had an orange top and black underwear. He wasn’t happy to get dressed in front of Italy and Norway, but he seemed not have any other choice.

At least he’s manhood was now acting nicely.

As soon as Germany got his clothes on, Denmark got out of the toilet and let Italy hurry in. Germany was so annoyed, when Denmark started walking around their room, watching closely their personal items. When he finally picked a pair of underwear up on the floor, Germany lost his temper.

”Just leave it be”, he said dangerously and Denmark smirked at him.

”Are these yours?” he asked grinning widely.

Germany grabbed his underwear out of Denmark's hands. Even though Germany was so mad, Denmark did not seem worried at all. Just at that moment, Italy came out of the bathroom and let Norway go in.

”Get out of here”, Germany said quietly.

”Not before Norway has finished”, Denmark sighed and looked down at his fingernails. ”You know my brother Germany, those two beds you sleep with your boyfriend can be pushed separate if you want to.”

Germany looked like he was boiling, and he started to swear again in german. Denmark on the other hand looked delighted, and when Norway come out those two headed out of their room.

When the door finally closed, Germany sighed deeply and let his shoulders fall.

“I’m sorry”, Germany said quietly and looked at Italy who seemed so confused right now.

“That’s alright Germany”, he said smiling a little.

Germany also smiled a little. He was so happy that Italy was always so positive and forgiving towards him.

“Hi Germany!”

Germany looked how Italy brought tons of food to his table. He had bread and croissants, eggs and bacon, fruits, yogurt with some seeds, many glasses of fresh juices and a cup of coffee.

Germany shook his head and smiled a little when Italy started to eat his food. Germany himself had took few slices of bread, sausages and some boiled eggs. He also had a cup of coffee and two glasses of juice.

The two men sat opposite each other and soon Japan joined them with China. Germany noticed, that the Nordic countries had also come at breakfast. He also saw France, America and Britain, and some other familiar faces. There were only countries in the buffet who was coming to todays big meeting.

Germany looked at his wristwatch. It was two hours till the meeting started and the buffet was about to close soon, so he got up and walked out. Italy ran after him, and grabbed his shirt turning him around.

“Can we go outside?” he said pointing to the doors. “It is so nice weather out there.”

And it sure was. Sun was shining from the bright blue sky and warm summer wind was blowing gently.

“Please Germany. Otheriwise we must sit indoors all day.”

Germany sighed. Italy was correct. There was a beautiful day out there and the meeting would last 6 hours at least. First three hours, then lunch and another three hours. They already had their schedules for this day.

“Alright”, Germany said finally. “But we must be back early so we have time to visit our room.”

“Okay Germany!” Italy said happily.

“I am not coming this time”, Japan said and before Germany could ask he continued: “I will spend some time with China.”

“Very well”, Germany said. “See you later then.”

Germany and Italy walked along the street. People around them was smiling happily, and Italy seemed really enjoy their walk. He spinned around a bit and admired everything around them.

Germany smiled watcing the other man. How he could always be so happy so openly? All sudden Germany saw a library in front of him and he remeberd his dream.

”Italy, will you wait for me if I go to the library?” he asked. ”Don’t go to far, like you can go to that ice cream parlor.”

”Alright Germany!”

Germany looked at his watch again. He still had over an hour time untill the meeting. Good.

Germany walked around the library looking for the history books about Germany and Italy, and especially about Holy Roman Empire.

Finally he sat down with his books. He was too concentrated on his work that he did not notice that his bladder was already full. The man was browsing the book and opened a page with a map on it, and he went into shock.

The map kind of looked like a map of Germany, but it wasn't. It was an old map of Holy Roman Empire. And it was right there were Germany was know to be.

In his dream, he, Holy Roman Empire had kissed Italy and told her he will come back for her when he had won the war. He knew that war had destroyed the empire, and Holy Roman Empire was gone…

Germany turned yet another page and shocked even more. He saw a picture of himself… no, a picture of Holy Roman Empire as a man, and he looked exactly like him.

Germany closed the book. Could it be possible that he was the Holy Roman Empire? It would make sense, after all they both located in the same area. But still the dream did not make sense. Maybe he should spoke with Italy.

Speaking of him, Germany looked out of the window back to the streets and then checked the time.

Germany's stomach turned upside down. No, it couldn't have been. There were only five minutes left to the meeting.

”Italy!” Germany yelled when he rushed trough the library doors. Luckily the other man wasn't far and he didn’t mind when Germany lifted him up and started running.

”Are we late Germany?” Italy said shamefully smiling, but Germany was not happy.

”Unfortunately”, he sighed. ”But it is completely my fault.”

Germany rushed back to the hotel, ran upstairs and stopped at the door that lead to the meeting room. He stopped for a second the catch his breath. He put Italy down before pushing the door open.

And they made it just barely. Everyone was already in but the meeting wasn’t started yet.

”You guys came!” Denmark said grinning wild. ”And just at the time, nothing has been started yet!”

”Actually”, Norway said quietly. ”Iceland is about to speak.”

Iceland was standing behind the lectern and glanced at Denmark. Germany took this as a chance and take seats with Italy.

”As I was saying”, Iceland continued talking louder than normally, obiously mad at Denmark’s interruption.

When Germany sat down he felt a sudden pain in his full bladder. He had ment to visit the bathroom before the meeting, but they had hurried there so fast he had no time.

Germany quickly looked at Italy, who was squirming in his chair. The man crossed his legs and pretended he was focusing on the talk. But Germany knew he had to go too.

”We both should have gone to the toilet before this”, Germany said quietly and Italy nodded. He saw how the man already squeezed himself hard.

”Try to hang on”, Germany said but he know he wouldn’t. Neither of them was not going to make the next three hours.

The first hour passed slowly and Germany had a really hard time to focus. His belt was pressing his overly full bladder, and he tried to sat on different positions to make him feel more comfortable. He crossed his legs and loosened his belt a little. That made him feel cold chills but it helped a small bit.

He would never make it until the lunch. Soon he would have to stood up and leave unless he wanted to have an accident. Germany’s bladder was pulsing and he looked at Italy, who sat next to him.

Italy was smiling, probably dreaming about something completely lost in his thoughts. He was sitting casually and looked so relaxed.

A way too relaxed, Germany realised. He bent down towards him and said as quiet as possible:

”How can you be so damn relaxed?”

Italy snapped out of his thoughts and looked at the man, who seemed so desperate and confused, and he knew what he had mean.

”Oh, I already went to the toilet on the hallway half an hour ago”, Italy said smiling. ”I couldn’t hold it. But you should go too, there is no reason to wait.”

Germany blushed and turned away. Of course he had already went. Everyone was so used to it, that Italy was so unpetient on the meetings that no one cared if he left the room. Even Germany himself hadn’t notice him leaving.

But Germany himself was too proud. He never left before end of the meeting, not even when he had been desperate before. He had just waited to the end and hurried to the toilet. But there was now a major difference, this time Germany had no chance to go before the meeting.

Germany slipped his hand between his legs and squeezed hard. A part of him still wanted to believe he was going to make it. But what if he couldn’t? Would he wet himself in front of everyone?

Germany’s face turned more and more red when his hands tried desperately to help him hold.

Two extremely long hours had now passed and there was only one more hour to go. Germany had never felt so desperate before. God damn he needed to pee so hard! Germany wasn’t abel to sat still and he was already holding himself with two hands. He should get up right now and leave, but his muscles wasn’t responding. He was so affaird to get up because then everyone would then see him holding himself.

America walked to the lectern in front of everyone and put his papers on it. When he started to talk, Germany felt how a small spurt escaped from his bladder. He squeezed himself harder in panic not knowing what the hell to do.

Italy was boored to death and he was drawing with his pen to the papers on his table. Italy knew in his heart that Germany had been holding all this time, and honestly Italy thought that the man started to look really desperate. Just right then, a horrified look appeared to the man’s face and Italy’s heart started racing.

Germany had both hands deep in his crotch and Italy realised the man had held too long and was never gonna make it. Luckily Italy knew exactly what to do. He crumpled one of his papers and threw it. And it flew perfectly. Right over Britain and hitted right to France’s head.

”Oh vraiment, what was that about mister Britain?” France started turning around.

”What are you talking about, obviously it wasn’t me you stupid cheesewine!”

The day was going to be so long and nothing really had been accomplished yet, so everyone felt tired and tensed already. So this thing, that seemed so little, turned into a fight in a blink of an eye.

Germany was really surprised, or would have been if he hadn’t been so desperate. He had to focus on holding, so he couldn’t say or do anything.

Italy on the other hand was pleased to see what he had made happen, and smiled a little before he turned towards Germany.

”Hi Germany, would you like to go to the bathroom with me?” he asked smiling. Then Germany truly realised what Italy had done for him. Everyone was now focusing on France and Britain arguing so no one would notice them to sneak out.

Germany smiled thankfully. ”Yes I would”, he said gentle. Germany looked around and was so gratefull that they were at the back of the room and no one would see them. He tried to get up but his full bladder did not liked that movement. Germany grimaced and squeezed his legs tightly together to remain control.

Italy watched the man who started slowly to make his way to the door and went after him. He was not sure should he help the man or not, but when Germany suddenly stopped again, he decided to help him.

Germany stopped as he started to leak again. He relly had to fight hard to stop the stream and remain his control. He was dying for pee and could not possibly make his way to the toilet but he had to try. He felt so damn desperate as his bladder and penis both pulsed so hard and he felt the urine trying to come out without his premission. His belt, pants and all of his clothes was pressing his bladder and walking with his full bladder brought tears in his eyes. This was a tortune. God damn he needed to pee!

Suddenly he felt Italy, who wrapped his arms around him to help him walk. They went out of the meeting room, through a hallway heading to the closest restrooms. Every step Germany took was a tortune, and when he finally saw the door to the toilet his urge grew even more and he almost leaked again.

He felt how Italy tried to walk faster but the way to the doors felt like forever. Finally they were in there and somehow Germany still had managed to hold. His face looked so desperate as he tried everything to hold just a little longer.

And Italy wasn’t giving up. He pulled Germany in front of the toilet bowl and for the man’s suprice started to undo his pants.

Germany blushed badly, when Italy took of his pants and saw his wet underwear. Even though he was so embarassed he could not wait a single moment longer. He took his penis out and finally he relieved himself.

Germany bite hard on his lip to not to moan aloud. It felt so damn good to finally let go and start empty his bladder. His whole body was shivering for the pleasure to let go and for his muscles hard effort holding so long. His stream of urine was hitting hard and loud to the water and for a moment he completely forgot the other man standing next to him.

Italy watched Germany’s strong stream hitting to the toilet water and blushed. Sounds of water hitting water echoed loudly on an empty bathroom. He was not sure should he leave or stay, but because Germany hadn’s say a word to him he stayed for a moment. He was still holding the man even though he already knew the man could now stand on his own.

Few moments later when the man’s stream was still forcefull, he decided to spoke.

“Um, Germany?” he said sounding a little shy. “While you relieve yourself I can… I can go and get you a new pair of underwear.”

Germany blushed so badly when he remember the other man was still there. He could not say anything or look to his eyes because of his embarrassment, but he nodded. He tried to force his stream to slow down but it was no use.

“Ok good”, Italy said still with the shy tone. “Can you please step out of your... clothes for me?”

Germany struggled a little but managed to do that with Italy’s help. He still said nothing but was truly gratefull towards him. And after the other man had left, he sighed quietly when locking the door again. His stream was now slowing down and he sighed feeling so relieved. When he finally stopped peeing, he felt so empty and so full at the same time and thought that was because of his bladder had stretched a lot. He waited a short moment and then squeezed som more urine out. He started to feel ready to go when he heard a slight knock on his bathroom door.

Germany pulled his pants up before opening, and when he finally had a new pair of underwear they both headed back to the meeting room.

As walking Germany’s heart started to beat faster. What if someone had realise they were gone, or even seen them leave? But then he looked at the man walking next to him and smiled a little. He landed his hand on his shoulders and squeezed a little.

“Thank you Italy”, he said finally.

“Always happy to help you sir”, Italy said smiling.

Germany smiled but his face turned sour when he saw the doors of the meeting room. He took a deep breath and opend the door, and then stunned.

Fight was still on. France was standing on his table, yelling to the Britain who looked like ready to kill the man. Japan was holding Britain with both of his hands and China tried to get France of the table.

And America, whose turn was to spoke was also yelling behind the lectern, telling everyone to shut up. There was a complete chaos in the meeting and Germany looked all that in a complete shock.

Then a small smile appeared to the man’s face. He walked quietly back to his seat and crossed his arms while he sitting down, looking like he had been there all the time.

Finally was the time for lunch and when Germany left the meeting room he slowed down a little to wait others to leave. Italy realised that and stopped too, a questoning look on his face.

”What’s the matter Germany?” he asked, wisely after all the others had gone.

Germany shook his head letting Italy know nothing was really wrong and he just needed to talk with him. He tried to think how to bring out the topic as Italy stepped a little closer to him, looking curious and terrified at the same time.

”Have you ever hear of a country called Holy Roman Empire?” Germany said inspecting look on his eyes. Italy froze on his place, and for a moment Germany was not sure what to do. Italy seemed to went trough all possible human emotions before he answered.

”Yeh, I knew him”, he said quietly.

Germany’s heart started to race but his voice was as calm as a ice when he spoke.

”Did you knew him well?” he asked.

Italy started to squirm a little and he blushed. ”I.. I was in love with him.”

Germany’s heart skipped one beat and now he couldn’t hide his emotions that was showing on his face. Italy was blushing hard and trying not to cry of embarassment and hurt of a lost love.

Germany blinked his eyes rapidly but all the words stuck to his throat. After a moment of silence Italy continued speaking.

”I am sorry Germany that.. that I am such a freak. Please Germany, can we still be friends? I… I am sorry that I am not a woman.”

Germany shook his head and rubbed his eyes. ”You are not a freak Italy”, he was finally able to say. ”And why you should be sorry about that?”

Italy turned his face down. ”Because I had to pretend a girl to be with him”, he said quietly. Then all sudden everything was clear to Germany. Everything made sense, and he smiled softly before hugging his little Italy.

”Calm down now”, he said with a gentle voice. Italy nodded and took a few deep breaths before Germany let go of him so he could look into his eyes.

”I had a dream last night”, he said blushing. ”I saw you, and me as a Holy Roman Empire, loving each other. I believe now that it was not a dream. Instead I guess it was a memory.”

Italy blinked his eyes rapidly not quite sure what the man was meaning by all that.

”I believe now that Holy Roman Empire did not die after all”, Germany continued. ”There is still a country in the same area, but it is now called Germany.”

Sudden sunlight coming from the window lightened up the hallway the two men was standing near each other.

”I am Holy Roman Empire”, Germany said softly. ”I am sure now, and.. And I do love you Italy.”

Italy gasped as their eyes meet. Tears filling his eyes, he jumped towards the other man and hugged him, pressing his body against the man so needy. Germany wrapped his arms around Italy and pulled him close to him. He felt his manhood to stood up but he ignored that and slide his fingers through Italy’s hair.

”I have missed you so bad”, Italy squeaked to his chest.

”I know”, Germany said in to man’s hair. Even though he wanted this, he was little alerted that someone could come and see them like that. He wanted not to care, but he couldn’t.

Italy seemed to feel the tension in Germany’s muscles anyway and pulled himself out of the hug. Germany did not protest, but seemed to try inspect the other man’s feelings from his face.

”I love you”, Italy said. ”But we should go to the lunch now.”

Germany smiled and looked more relaxed now. ”Yes you are right, let’s go then.”

Italy smiled wide and grabbed the other man’s hand. ”I love you Germany”, he said a lot louder now, and Germany smiled. There was nothing new on this, and no one would notice any diffrence, but they both knew that now those little words had a deeper meaning.

*002*2022-03-24 16:32

{{59 minutes ago, Peetalia said:

I literally can't read a word of that.

Wanna upload it in normal fonts buddy?

}}

Oh yes I will, it did not look like that on my computer but now I see it on my phone... Ugh.

*003*2022-03-24 16:36

Hello! Here is the story again with a different font! In my computer it looked fine but on my phone not so good. As a new member I did not realise that, so I am truly sorry... But please enjoy!

###

Italy stretched his legs and arms pushing the blanket off him. He was still half asleep. The light of the sun flashed between the silk curtains in the room that he was sleeping in.

Italy put his arm down and touched something hard, covered with thin fabric, and he sighed.

“Oh, good morning Germany”, Italy said happily.

“Take your hand of my crotch”, Germany said angrily.

“I.. I am sorry Germany”, Italy said blushing, and Germany sighed.

The man seemed so embarrassed, Italy could tell that from the mans wandering eyes and blushing red cheeks. Italy decided quickly to get up from the bed and started to get some clothes on.

Italy was about to ask if the man was going with him to get some breakfast, but then again he remembered his embarrassment and decided to let go. He had hit a man's delicate place literally, he thought. But they had been touching each other before, was he right? Cuddled and even kissed, slept together and so on. What was with the man right now? He was just about to ask, when he heard noises coming from the hallway.

Germany looked up when Italy started to get dressed. Was he even noticed that he had been… Hard right at the morning? It seemed that even if he did notice he didn’t care. Still Germany felt so embarrassed. First because Italy had touched hes manhood, although it was just an accident, and also that he had been so angry at him.

Germany had a crazy dream last night. He himself had been somewhat called Holy Roman Empire in that dream. He had fallen in love with a beautiful young girl called Italy.

Germany shook his head, memorising that dream only got his manhood to pulse. And that dream did not make any sense at all. Italy was not a woman, right?

Suddenly he heard loud noises coming from the hallway. Someone knocked the door, and Germany quickly pulled his blanket tighter around him just when Italy opens the door.

A confident man bursted to their room. He was Denmark, one of the nordic countries who seemed not to have any proper manners.

“Good morning fellows!” he yelled. Behind him standed another man, probably Denmarks own roommate Norway.

“How dare you to burst in here like that!” Germany yelled back at him and begin to swear loudly in german language.

“Relax bro, we just got in here to use your bathroom”, Denmark said sounding so carefree.

“Oh, what happened to your bathroom?” Italy asked when Denmark walked past him.

”Let’s just say someone tried to flush down our todays meeting plans”, Norway said shaking his head.

”Enough of that”, Denmark replied and locked himself to the bathroom. Norway walked into their room and just when Italy was turning towards Germany, the man all sudden began to shout.

”CLOSE THE DAMN DOOR SO I CAN PUT SOME CLOTHES ON!”

Italy’s face went all pale, but Norway just closed the door behind him like it was nothing.

Germany got up from the bed, sighing loudly. He had an orange top and black underwear. He wasn’t happy to get dressed in front of Italy and Norway, but he seemed not have any other choice.

At least he’s manhood was now acting nicely.

As soon as Germany got his clothes on, Denmark got out of the toilet and let Italy hurry in. Germany was so annoyed, when Denmark started walking around their room, watching closely their personal items. When he finally picked a pair of underwear up on the floor, Germany lost his temper.

”Just leave it be”, he said dangerously and Denmark smirked at him.

”Are these yours?” he asked grinning widely.

Germany grabbed his underwear out of Denmark's hands. Even though Germany was so mad, Denmark did not seem worried at all. Just at that moment, Italy came out of the bathroom and let Norway go in.

”Get out of here”, Germany said quietly.

”Not before Norway has finished”, Denmark sighed and looked down at his fingernails. ”You know my brother Germany, those two beds you sleep with your boyfriend can be pushed separate if you want to.”

Germany looked like he was boiling, and he started to swear again in german. Denmark on the other hand looked delighted, and when Norway come out those two headed out of their room.

When the door finally closed, Germany sighed deeply and let his shoulders fall.

“I’m sorry”, Germany said quietly and looked at Italy who seemed so confused right now.

“That’s alright Germany”, he said smiling a little.

Germany also smiled a little. He was so happy that Italy was always so positive and forgiving towards him.

“Hi Germany!”

Germany looked how Italy brought tons of food to his table. He had bread and croissants, eggs and bacon, fruits, yogurt with some seeds, many glasses of fresh juices and a cup of coffee.

Germany shook his head and smiled a little when Italy started to eat his food. Germany himself had took few slices of bread, sausages and some boiled eggs. He also had a cup of coffee and two glasses of juice.

The two men sat opposite each other and soon Japan joined them with China. Germany noticed, that the Nordic countries had also come at breakfast. He also saw France, America and Britain, and some other familiar faces. There were only countries in the buffet who was coming to todays big meeting.

Germany looked at his wristwatch. It was two hours till the meeting started and the buffet was about to close soon, so he got up and walked out. Italy ran after him, and grabbed his shirt turning him around.

“Can we go outside?” he said pointing to the doors. “It is so nice weather out there.”

And it sure was. Sun was shining from the bright blue sky and warm summer wind was blowing gently.

“Please Germany. Otheriwise we must sit indoors all day.”

Germany sighed. Italy was correct. There was a beautiful day out there and the meeting would last 6 hours at least. First three hours, then lunch and another three hours. They already had their schedules for this day.

“Alright”, Germany said finally. “But we must be back early so we have time to visit our room.”

“Okay Germany!” Italy said happily.

“I am not coming this time”, Japan said and before Germany could ask he continued: “I will spend some time with China.”

“Very well”, Germany said. “See you later then.”

Germany and Italy walked along the street. People around them was smiling happily, and Italy seemed really enjoy their walk. He spinned around a bit and admired everything around them.

Germany smiled watcing the other man. How he could always be so happy so openly? All sudden Germany saw a library in front of him and he remeberd his dream.

”Italy, will you wait for me if I go to the library?” he asked. ”Don’t go to far, like you can go to that ice cream parlor.”

”Alright Germany!”

Germany looked at his watch again. He still had over an hour time untill the meeting. Good.

Germany walked around the library looking for the history books about Germany and Italy, and especially about Holy Roman Empire.

Finally he sat down with his books. He was too concentrated on his work that he did not notice that his bladder was already full. The man was browsing the book and opened a page with a map on it, and he went into shock.

The map kind of looked like a map of Germany, but it wasn't. It was an old map of Holy Roman Empire. And it was right there were Germany was know to be.

In his dream, he, Holy Roman Empire had kissed Italy and told her he will come back for her when he had won the war. He knew that war had destroyed the empire, and Holy Roman Empire was gone…

Germany turned yet another page and shocked even more. He saw a picture of himself… no, a picture of Holy Roman Empire as a man, and he looked exactly like him.

Germany closed the book. Could it be possible that he was the Holy Roman Empire? It would make sense, after all they both located in the same area. But still the dream did not make sense. Maybe he should spoke with Italy.

Speaking of him, Germany looked out of the window back to the streets and then checked the time.

Germany's stomach turned upside down. No, it couldn't have been. There were only five minutes left to the meeting.

”Italy!” Germany yelled when he rushed trough the library doors. Luckily the other man wasn't far and he didn’t mind when Germany lifted him up and started running.

”Are we late Germany?” Italy said shamefully smiling, but Germany was not happy.

”Unfortunately”, he sighed. ”But it is completely my fault.”

Germany rushed back to the hotel, ran upstairs and stopped at the door that lead to the meeting room. He stopped for a second the catch his breath. He put Italy down before pushing the door open.

And they made it just barely. Everyone was already in but the meeting wasn’t started yet.

”You guys came!” Denmark said grinning wild. ”And just at the time, nothing has been started yet!”

”Actually”, Norway said quietly. ”Iceland is about to speak.”

Iceland was standing behind the lectern and glanced at Denmark. Germany took this as a chance and take seats with Italy.

”As I was saying”, Iceland continued talking louder than normally, obiously mad at Denmark’s interruption.

When Germany sat down he felt a sudden pain in his full bladder. He had ment to visit the bathroom before the meeting, but they had hurried there so fast he had no time.

Germany quickly looked at Italy, who was squirming in his chair. The man crossed his legs and pretended he was focusing on the talk. But Germany knew he had to go too.

”We both should have gone to the toilet before this”, Germany said quietly and Italy nodded. He saw how the man already squeezed himself hard.

”Try to hang on”, Germany said but he know he wouldn’t. Neither of them was not going to make the next three hours.

The first hour passed slowly and Germany had a really hard time to focus. His belt was pressing his overly full bladder, and he tried to sat on different positions to make him feel more comfortable. He crossed his legs and loosened his belt a little. That made him feel cold chills but it helped a small bit.

He would never make it until the lunch. Soon he would have to stood up and leave unless he wanted to have an accident. Germany’s bladder was pulsing and he looked at Italy, who sat next to him.

Italy was smiling, probably dreaming about something completely lost in his thoughts. He was sitting casually and looked so relaxed.

A way too relaxed, Germany realised. He bent down towards him and said as quiet as possible:

”How can you be so damn relaxed?”

Italy snapped out of his thoughts and looked at the man, who seemed so desperate and confused, and he knew what he had mean.

”Oh, I already went to the toilet on the hallway half an hour ago”, Italy said smiling. ”I couldn’t hold it. But you should go too, there is no reason to wait.”

Germany blushed and turned away. Of course he had already went. Everyone was so used to it, that Italy was so unpetient on the meetings that no one cared if he left the room. Even Germany himself hadn’t notice him leaving.

But Germany himself was too proud. He never left before end of the meeting, not even when he had been desperate before. He had just waited to the end and hurried to the toilet. But there was now a major difference, this time Germany had no chance to go before the meeting.

Germany slipped his hand between his legs and squeezed hard. A part of him still wanted to believe he was going to make it. But what if he couldn’t? Would he wet himself in front of everyone?

Germany’s face turned more and more red when his hands tried desperately to help him hold.

Two extremely long hours had now passed and there was only one more hour to go. Germany had never felt so desperate before. God damn he needed to pee so hard! Germany wasn’t abel to sat still and he was already holding himself with two hands. He should get up right now and leave, but his muscles wasn’t responding. He was so affaird to get up because then everyone would then see him holding himself.

America walked to the lectern in front of everyone and put his papers on it. When he started to talk, Germany felt how a small spurt escaped from his bladder. He squeezed himself harder in panic not knowing what the hell to do.

Italy was boored to death and he was drawing with his pen to the papers on his table. Italy knew in his heart that Germany had been holding all this time, and honestly Italy thought that the man started to look really desperate. Just right then, a horrified look appeared to the man’s face and Italy’s heart started racing.

Germany had both hands deep in his crotch and Italy realised the man had held too long and was never gonna make it. Luckily Italy knew exactly what to do. He crumpled one of his papers and threw it. And it flew perfectly. Right over Britain and hitted right to France’s head.

”Oh vraiment, what was that about mister Britain?” France started turning around.

”What are you talking about, obviously it wasn’t me you stupid cheesewine!”

The day was going to be so long and nothing really had been accomplished yet, so everyone felt tired and tensed already. So this thing, that seemed so little, turned into a fight in a blink of an eye.

Germany was really surprised, or would have been if he hadn’t been so desperate. He had to focus on holding, so he couldn’t say or do anything.

Italy on the other hand was pleased to see what he had made happen, and smiled a little before he turned towards Germany.

”Hi Germany, would you like to go to the bathroom with me?” he asked smiling. Then Germany truly realised what Italy had done for him. Everyone was now focusing on France and Britain arguing so no one would notice them to sneak out.

Germany smiled thankfully. ”Yes I would”, he said gentle. Germany looked around and was so gratefull that they were at the back of the room and no one would see them. He tried to get up but his full bladder did not liked that movement. Germany grimaced and squeezed his legs tightly together to remain control.

Italy watched the man who started slowly to make his way to the door and went after him. He was not sure should he help the man or not, but when Germany suddenly stopped again, he decided to help him.

Germany stopped as he started to leak again. He relly had to fight hard to stop the stream and remain his control. He was dying for pee and could not possibly make his way to the toilet but he had to try. He felt so damn desperate as his bladder and penis both pulsed so hard and he felt the urine trying to come out without his premission. His belt, pants and all of his clothes was pressing his bladder and walking with his full bladder brought tears in his eyes. This was a tortune. God damn he needed to pee!

Suddenly he felt Italy, who wrapped his arms around him to help him walk. They went out of the meeting room, through a hallway heading to the closest restrooms. Every step Germany took was a tortune, and when he finally saw the door to the toilet his urge grew even more and he almost leaked again.

He felt how Italy tried to walk faster but the way to the doors felt like forever. Finally they were in there and somehow Germany still had managed to hold. His face looked so desperate as he tried everything to hold just a little longer.

And Italy wasn’t giving up. He pulled Germany in front of the toilet bowl and for the man’s suprice started to undo his pants.

Germany blushed badly, when Italy took of his pants and saw his wet underwear. Even though he was so embarassed he could not wait a single moment longer. He took his penis out and finally he relieved himself.

Germany bite hard on his lip to not to moan aloud. It felt so damn good to finally let go and start empty his bladder. His whole body was shivering for the pleasure to let go and for his muscles hard effort holding so long. His stream of urine was hitting hard and loud to the water and for a moment he completely forgot the other man standing next to him.

Italy watched Germany’s strong stream hitting to the toilet water and blushed. Sounds of water hitting water echoed loudly on an empty bathroom. He was not sure should he leave or stay, but because Germany hadn’s say a word to him he stayed for a moment. He was still holding the man even though he already knew the man could now stand on his own.

Few moments later when the man’s stream was still forcefull, he decided to spoke.

“Um, Germany?” he said sounding a little shy. “While you relieve yourself I can… I can go and get you a new pair of underwear.”

Germany blushed so badly when he remember the other man was still there. He could not say anything or look to his eyes because of his embarrassment, but he nodded. He tried to force his stream to slow down but it was no use.

“Ok good”, Italy said still with the shy tone. “Can you please step out of your... clothes for me?”

Germany struggled a little but managed to do that with Italy’s help. He still said nothing but was truly gratefull towards him. And after the other man had left, he sighed quietly when locking the door again. His stream was now slowing down and he sighed feeling so relieved. When he finally stopped peeing, he felt so empty and so full at the same time and thought that was because of his bladder had stretched a lot. He waited a short moment and then squeezed som more urine out. He started to feel ready to go when he heard a slight knock on his bathroom door.

Germany pulled his pants up before opening, and when he finally had a new pair of underwear they both headed back to the meeting room.

As walking Germany’s heart started to beat faster. What if someone had realise they were gone, or even seen them leave? But then he looked at the man walking next to him and smiled a little. He landed his hand on his shoulders and squeezed a little.

“Thank you Italy”, he said finally.

“Always happy to help you sir”, Italy said smiling.

Germany smiled but his face turned sour when he saw the doors of the meeting room. He took a deep breath and opend the door, and then stunned.

Fight was still on. France was standing on his table, yelling to the Britain who looked like ready to kill the man. Japan was holding Britain with both of his hands and China tried to get France of the table.

And America, whose turn was to spoke was also yelling behind the lectern, telling everyone to shut up. There was a complete chaos in the meeting and Germany looked all that in a complete shock.

Then a small smile appeared to the man’s face. He walked quietly back to his seat and crossed his arms while he sitting down, looking like he had been there all the time.

Finally was the time for lunch and when Germany left the meeting room he slowed down a little to wait others to leave. Italy realised that and stopped too, a questoning look on his face.

”What’s the matter Germany?” he asked, wisely after all the others had gone.

Germany shook his head letting Italy know nothing was really wrong and he just needed to talk with him. He tried to think how to bring out the topic as Italy stepped a little closer to him, looking curious and terrified at the same time.

”Have you ever hear of a country called Holy Roman Empire?” Germany said inspecting look on his eyes. Italy froze on his place, and for a moment Germany was not sure what to do. Italy seemed to went trough all possible human emotions before he answered.

”Yeh, I knew him”, he said quietly.

Germany’s heart started to race but his voice was as calm as a ice when he spoke.

”Did you knew him well?” he asked.

Italy started to squirm a little and he blushed. ”I.. I was in love with him.”

Germany’s heart skipped one beat and now he couldn’t hide his emotions that was showing on his face. Italy was blushing hard and trying not to cry of embarassment and hurt of a lost love.

Germany blinked his eyes rapidly but all the words stuck to his throat. After a moment of silence Italy continued speaking.

”I am sorry Germany that.. that I am such a freak. Please Germany, can we still be friends? I… I am sorry that I am not a woman.”

Germany shook his head and rubbed his eyes. ”You are not a freak Italy”, he was finally able to say. ”And why you should be sorry about that?”

Italy turned his face down. ”Because I had to pretend a girl to be with him”, he said quietly. Then all sudden everything was clear to Germany. Everything made sense, and he smiled softly before hugging his little Italy.

”Calm down now”, he said with a gentle voice. Italy nodded and took a few deep breaths before Germany let go of him so he could look into his eyes.

”I had a dream last night”, he said blushing. ”I saw you, and me as a Holy Roman Empire, loving each other. I believe now that it was not a dream. Instead I guess it was a memory.”

Italy blinked his eyes rapidly not quite sure what the man was meaning by all that.

”I believe now that Holy Roman Empire did not die after all”, Germany continued. ”There is still a country in the same area, but it is now called Germany.”

Sudden sunlight coming from the window lightened up the hallway the two men was standing near each other.

”I am Holy Roman Empire”, Germany said softly. ”I am sure now, and.. And I do love you Italy.”

Italy gasped as their eyes meet. Tears filling his eyes, he jumped towards the other man and hugged him, pressing his body against the man so needy. Germany wrapped his arms around Italy and pulled him close to him. He felt his manhood to stood up but he ignored that and slide his fingers through Italy’s hair.

”I have missed you so bad”, Italy squeaked to his chest.

”I know”, Germany said in to man’s hair. Even though he wanted this, he was little alerted that someone could come and see them like that. He wanted not to care, but he couldn’t.

Italy seemed to feel the tension in Germany’s muscles anyway and pulled himself out of the hug. Germany did not protest, but seemed to try inspect the other man’s feelings from his face.

”I love you”, Italy said. ”But we should go to the lunch now.”

Germany smiled and looked more relaxed now. ”Yes you are right, let’s go then.”

Italy smiled wide and grabbed the other man’s hand. ”I love you Germany”, he said a lot louder now, and Germany smiled. There was nothing new on this, and no one would notice any diffrence, but they both knew that now those little words had a deeper meaning.

