Rina and Sally

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2021-06-16 12:29

I slide into bed next to Rina, all minty-teeth and freshly emptied bladder. She drops her phone down the side of the bed with a soft thump as it inevitably hits clothes.

"Hey you", she smiles at me as I shuffle close enough that we are touching shoulders, my foot against her ankle. "You've got cold feet", but she doesn't pull away.

I feel a little awkward yet. Not because it's Rina, so much anymore, anyway. I'm getting used to seeing her like this. It's the best relationship I've had and I feel silly for not noticing earlier that it could be. But I also feel silly about what I'm going to say. Like I'm going to embarrass myself in front of her by misunderstanding and making myself look dumb.

She can tell. Hesitant fingers lace their way into mine. I still feel the frisson-sparks in my belly. "Everything OK?"

"Yeah totally!" I bite the bullet by the horns. "I've been thinking about what we spoke about? About the sort of thing you like?" I emphasise the last word so she doesn't misunderstand. Like like. Like we are thirteen. I don't want to have to explain because she thought I meant movies or whatever.

I can feel her fingers tense a little even though she's trying not to let them. I keep talking, quicker than I want to, "I think I could try it? If you still want me too?"

Her fingers soften again. Thank god I got that out. "You absolutely don't have to! You know that right? It's just a thing I like. Not something I expect from you." She emphasises "like" as well. We wear the same armour.

"Oh I know!" And I do. I want to try the things she likes because I like her, not because I'm worried I won't be good enough if I don't. It's a weird feeling. "I'll let you know when I'm ready?"

She tightens her fingers around mine and I feel her blood-desire in the steady throb of her thumb.

I have one more thing I'm nervous to say. So I say it while I'm feeling as comfortable as I will, "Do you want me to tell you a story?"

"A story?" She gives me her confused but interested look. I hadn't finished the sentence. I want to take it back, but now I can't. The only way out is forward.

"A story about a time that I..." Oh god don't pause. You absolutely have to keep talking. Though I can feel shame-blood in my face, my chest. "Wet my pants." I finish too quickly to make up for the pause. Smooth. I keep talking now, even though I want to wait for her to answer. I can't bare a moment of silence. "I totally don't have to. I don't know if you want to hear about that or if it's weird or whatever and you only want to see me and it's ok if I'm just silly and don't know what I'm saying at the moment..."

She pulls her back off the bed sudden-quickly and puts her mouth to mine to quieten me. "I'd love that. If you are comfortable with talking about it with me." She emphasises "love". Rina does that.

I feel myself calming down. "Absolutely sure?" I still check.

"I really want to hear. If you want to tell me? There is blood-hunger in the word 'really'. I believe her this time.

I roll over onto my side and face her. Put my hand against her ribs beneath her breasts. I can count them easily, though she doesn't like that. Her eyes shut as I gently slide my hand over her flank, her belly. I'm touching her hair, invisible-fine and sensitive more than her flesh.

My voice wavers for the first few words only, "This was a few years ago now. I was about 22. The year after uni. And I was meeting a guy for a bubble tea date. He knew I liked bubble tea and nothing else about me." I don't love talking about boys to Rina anymore. But I feel like a story needs set-up. I sit up a little so I have no hands trapped under me and touch the tops of her thighs, her hips, her breasts, brushing her nipples without lingering. Though I notice her slight-sharp intake of breath.

"It was a nothing date. Nothing in common. I drank my tea and stayed an appropriately long enough amount of time. But... there was a problem. It was a little hole-in-the-wall kind of place. No bathroom. And I was not about to ask him if I could use the bathroom at his place around the corner. Because I didn't want him feeling that things had gone better than they had. Besides, I was 22 now. I could hold it till I drive home." I have a question pop into my head, even though I know I should probably just keep telling her the story. "Did you ever wet yourself when you were a kid?"

She opens her eyes and looks up at me. "Yeah. Of course?"

"No. But like... when you were too old to really be doing that still?"

"How old is that?" I like that we can have a conversation about what I'm thinking whenever, absolutely whenever, and Rina is never annoyed at me.

"School aged I guess?"

"Oh? Yeah totally. You?"

Even though I'm literally halfway through a story about wetting myself as an adult I still blush. Memories of plastic bags of wet uniforms and mild teasing come uncomfortably to mind. I'm maybe more embarrassed that I'm blushing though. I try so hard not to talk too quickly. "Uh huh. But I guess I'm asking because do you think maybe that's why you are interested in that sort of thing?"

"Maybe!" She agrees. "I don't really know. I'm kinda much more interested in the idea of you wetting than I would be if it were me though. Does that make sense?"

I'm not sure it does. Yet. It's OK. I give her a quick kiss in semi-apology. "So I started to drive home. It was like a 30-40 minute drive. So obviously dating him would never have worked anyway." That's not a good joke. Come on Sal. Be sexier. Though really? How do you tell a sexy story about wetting yourself? This is all very unknown-land for me.

"I hadn't really needed to go back at the tea place. It was more just a tactical you-shouldn't-drink-a-litre-of-tea-then-go-for-a-half-hour-drive-without-emptying-your-bladder thing. Which is a true thing by the way. You shouldn't do that." I concern-line my forehead "Though you might want me to do that from now on?" I hadn't intended that to be something she need to answer, yet she did.

"I don't ever want you doing anything you don't want to do. You know that, yeah?" She puts her hand around my wrist, resting lightly on her sternum.

I promise. Her eyes are so full of sincerity I want to cry joy-tears. I kiss her instead. Not a peck like I'd intended. She wraps her hands around the back of my head and kisses me deeply.

"Are you enjoying this?" I ask when she needs to breathe.

"I am enjoying this so much." Her voice is throaty, the way it goes when she is very much enjoying herself. It makes me feel sexy that I can do that to her. I feel confident.

"You know I'm cheap." It's true. I've not bought a hair band... ever. They are just lying around places! "So I didn't want to exit the toll-way, pee at a petrol station or fast food place, then have to pay again to get back on. Instead I just kept driving and needing to pee more and more with every minute. I really wish I could honestly say I got caught in an unexpected traffic jam. But I really didn't. I'm just cheap and completely misjudged the situation." Rina's eyes are shut again. Her breathing is deep. I move my left hand down to her inner thighs, and she parts her legs to let my run my fingers along them.

I don't know what to emphasise about this story? What exactly does she find sexy? "I had to go so badly by the time I reached my exit babe. I was shifting all around in my seat. I didn't think I was going to make it the five minutes back to my place so I pulled into a KFC just near the off-ramp?"

I have another thought and I can't stop myself asking a question. I'm so frustrating. "Do you bounce around when you are desperate? Or stay really still? I know some people like to be as still as possible"

She doesn't open her eyes this time "I pace or writhe. If I stay still when I'm desperate I wet myself."

That's a question answered. Her eyes are still shut so she doesn't see me blush. She is probably imagining what I looked like. "I was wearing a light blue dress with white flowers on it, by the way. You know the one? Sandals. And my hair was a few inches shorter. Anyway... When I pulled into the carpark I realised 'I might not make it to the bathroom. Like. I might literally wet myself on the way. I can't do this. I have to make it home.'"

"Oh my god Babe." She murmurs it just loud enough for me to hear. I let my hand finally touch between her legs. Stroking her outer lips. She's so wet. I'm flattered that I've done this to her. I want her.

"So I pulled back out into the street and drove home as quickly as I could. But you know how it is when you are in a hurry... Other traffic to give way to... people stopping in front of you to turn into driveways... cars break-checking you because you are tail-gating..." I drop my voice low and learn toward her ear as I'm talking. Her lips part and each breath is a shudder. I trace slow slippery circles with my fingers. I'm in no hurry now.

"I wanted to pull over and pee on the side of the road... But it was, like, five in the afternoon... Not enough cover... I really didn't want to pee on my seat..." She's pressing back against my hand. I softly bite her ear-lobe. Make her wait.

I'm still a bit embarrassed. Like, obviously Rina is very much enjoying my story. I have absolutely no cause for embarrassment. But... wetting your pants is wetting your pants. Embarrassing is embarrassing.

"I had this idea that I wouldn't worry about making it to the actual bathroom... Not near enough to the front door... Fussing with keys... It'd be too far... I'd just get inside the low wall that separated the front yard from the foot-path and wee behind that. But... Just as I turned into my street... I gushed..." I bury my face in her neck. She's not looking at me, her eyes are surely shut. But I so irrationally want to hide at that admission. I cover embarrassing myself again by kissing her neck wetly. She squirms beneath my ever quicker touch.

"I stopped... Somehow... I was soaked between my legs though... It wasn't a trickle... I actually didn't think you could stop... And somehow parked out the front of my house without crashing into anything... But when I got out of the car to dash behind the wall... As soon as I stood up... I gushed again... And couldn't stop..." Rina moans, low and animalistic. I see nothing, my eyes are shut too. Pushed against her neck. I'm with her. And she's with me, as I finish.

"I wet myself... completely... in broad daylight... on the side of the road... wee pouring down my legs... hot and everywhere at once... Splashing my feet..." Suddenly Rina clamps her legs together and twists away from me, my hand still against her. Her breath spasms until she can choke out a gasp. I press my body against her back until she returns to herself.

"Did I do good Babe?" I ask without a question. She rolls so we are facing each other and answers in volleys of kisses. Her eyes are wet. Mine are as well.

"I love you beyond my ability to put into words. Beyond my ability to comprehend." She whispers into my ear as well when she is embarrassed.

"I love you more" I respond into hers.

We hold each other for a very long time. I've never felt closer to anyone.

*003*2021-06-17 12:24

{{19 hours ago, AlmostWet said:

Wonderful story. Please do more.

}}

{{5 hours ago, Manowar said:

Very sexual. Is it the begining of new serie or just a single story?

}}

Thanks both!

I did write it to be something I'd be happy to continue doing if people liked it. I'm pretty busy at the moment but I do know exactly what I want to do with a second part to the story.

*005*2021-06-28 14:01

I slide my hand into Rina's, all hot-slick and comfortable. She squeezes back and asks, "You doing OK?"

"I'm pretty close, I think." I do, I do think that.

"Remember, if you want to go behind a tree that's 1000% OK, OK."

I wonder if 'OK' is her word of the day and consider saying so. It might not be funny though. Pointing out that something can't be '1000%' probably isn't funny either. I'm less funny when I'm about to wet myself. Possibly most people are? So I just say "OK" and smirk inwardly. I think I'm funny, anyway.

"Whatcha thinking sweetheart?" Shit. I took too long to think of something to say!

"I'm thinking... would it be funny to ask if 'OK' is your word of the day today?"

She pretends to consider it...

"It would be a little funny" Rina concedes. "But I'm serious. If it gets too uncomfortable or too stressful or whatever... there are a lot of trees." She waves her free arm around expressively.

Emphasis on 'a lot'. The bush does have a lot of trees. Defining feature really. We decided together that a short bushwalk on a thin-trod trail would be the perfect opportunity for me to be stuck with a full bladder and no available toilet. And minimal chance of running into someone at the wrong time. Trying to wait till I burst inside our apartment didn't work out. Too tempting a toilet too nearby. I know Rina keeps saying she isn't disappointed but... I really want to do it for her this time.

"Remember how you asked me that time about why I'm interested in girls wetting themselves?" Rina asks as if that's the sort of conversation one has in a technically public place. I guess cicadas don't listen. Though... unlike most insects, they technically can listen. Very likely don't understand English though.

"Uh-huh," I've been feeling like I might plausibly lose control of my bladder at any moment for a few minutes now, so a distracting conversation, even if odd-timed, is welcome. There is a certain excitement to the knowledge you are about to do something very potentially embarrassing. But also, it's not a comfortable feeling. Objectively.

"I'm sure you are right and there is some developmental stuff going on up here." A tap of the temple with her non-holding-my-hand hand. "But the first time that I was really aware of it was the first, and only, time I've seen someone wet themselves as an adult."

I'm jealous. I can't help it. I wanted to be the first woman she saw wet herself. Rina can tell. She is very good at that. It's reassuring-annoying.

"She didn't do it on purpose or anything!" Rina tries to soothe me. But knowing her preferences, that someone else has had an actual accident in front of her is possibly worse. Or possibly whatever she said was going to be worse.

I feel my hand gently squeezed. Rina isn't looking at me. She could say she is keeping an eye out ahead for other bush-walkers, but she isn't. "I don't actually like real accidents Sal. I like the idea of them. Or maybe I do like them... but only if the person having them is OK about it? You know?"

I squeeze her hand back. "She wasn't OK about it?"

Rina is chewing at her bottom lip. "No. Or I wasn't. Maybe. I don't know. Can I tell you about it?"

"Of course, my love? Although, really, deep-meaningful wasn't the type of distraction I was really aiming for. Less funny when desperate. Less empathetic.

"She was the first girl I ever dated. I was eighteen, but she was a bit older, mid-twenties maybe?" Rina's voice is thin glass. I leave her ravel. "We had hooked up a few times before. She didn't know she was my first. Or I didn't tell her anyway. She took me to a series of pubs with slick floors and sticky tables. Then we were walking... to another one? I was ready to go to bed, with her. She told me she was busting. I hadn't noticed."

"Did you find that attractive? Even yet?" I sensed her drifting.

"I found it fascinating." She says with more presence. "I always had found it fascinating when other girls were busting. Stressful-embarrassing when I was." Rina finally looks at me and smiles. "Are you doing OK?"

I'd been so distracted-engaged that I'd not really been aware. But the question reminds me. "I'll probably wet myself in a minute." I show her an over-the-top urgent face. Aiming for flirty. It earns me a very quick kiss on the lips. I don't want to stop walking.

"I think I wanted her to wet herself. But I didn't really think it through you know? And I certainly didn't do anything to cause it!" I squeeze her hand. I know she wouldn't have. "But I might have wanted it. It'd just been so long since I had."

"You know it's not your fault then? Like, wishing something doesn't make you culpable?"

"Mrmm. Maybe. Anyway. She was wearing a romper, a playsuit." We both grimaced at the same time. "Yeah. So she didn't really have options. Hold it or get naked."

"Or wee herself." I offer.

"Yeah, or wee herself. So... that's what she did. Right on the footpath. She turned away from me, but I watched it curtain down the back of her calves and wash into the grass. I shouldn't have done that. There wasn't much to see on the clothes. And I wanted her still. More. Even though I hadn't really thought about why. But... I didn't want her to think I was weird. I didn't know how to act. What to say. What to do..."

"Oh, sweetheart..." I want to stop and give her the biggest cuddle, Rina has guilt-hoard in general. But I'm 100% sure to wet my knickers if I do and I just feel... Not the right timing.

"We went home on our own. We texted a bit... but I didn't know what to say. Joke, reassure, ignore? So it fizzled out. I mean, it probably would have anyway. I was eighteen. But yet."

I let her walk with that for a couple of minutes. I'm dying. "Do you still want me to wet myself?"

"Do you still want to? I haven't put you off?" Was she trying to have put me off? On some level?

"You know babe... I'm really lucky I found you..." I saw the love-hunger in her eyes. I didn't buy it was about pants-wetting.

You could feel her tense-fear deflate out of her. "OK. But for real there are..."

She stops when I gasp. I'd been expecting it, of course, but losing a gush of wee is still always a surprise. I instinctively whip my hand out of Rina's and start to snatch at my skirt, black and thin, safe to get wet, but stop myself before I actually touch it. A few drops of wee trickle down my thighs and a couple of drops even hit the bare tops of my feet. My knickers are obviously going to be soaked.

"Did you leak!?" Her excitement is tangible.

"Uh-huh!" I'm excited as well. Infected. "Want to see?"

She glances around for people, but when seeing none nods furiously. I wonder if she'll drool.

I whip up my skirt for her at the front. I've worn light blue knickers, something that I know will show wetness since my skirt won't.

"You like?" I try to purr. I'm less sexy when I'm about to wet myself.

"I like a *lot*." She's really pretty. I have to keep walking. Going to wet myself. More than I have. I drop my skirt and start walking off.

"How far to the car?" I think we aren't too far. Though if we are I guess I can take my knickers off after I lose the rest.

"Not far. A few hundred meters maybe? Not a K."

"I won't make it." I'm not walking quickly, Rina has caught me up.

"Not much point now anyway." Her voice is good-tense now.

I open my mouth to respond but feel myself weeing again. A lot more. "Rina!" I squeak. And on the spur of the moment, without even checking, pivot to face her and pull my skirt up again.

I look at her face. She is looking at my underwear. It's flooding down my legs, splattering around me, getting between my flip-flops and feet. It takes a while to wet yourself when you are very full.

"You like?" I nail the purr this time. More sexy when I'm not about to wet myself.

"Uh-huh." She murmurs, glazed.

"Want to touch?" She does. And she does do that.

She pulls me close for a long kiss. I taste her flavours of tense. When she pulls away her face is covered in tears. I get it. I reach up to her cheeks, eyes to kiss them away. Salty-sweet of spilled anxiety.

"Car?" I suggest when I'm done.

We rest our hands on each other's backs as we walk away from my wet dirt.

"You know..." I start, "A guy once broke up with me because I wet his bed?" Somehow this is still an embarrassing thing to admit to Rina.

"That is not a thing I knew!" I feel her rub her side against mine just a little more. "You know I'd never break up with you for that?"

"Well obvs", I smirk.

"No no! Like... Yeah obvs. I'd love that. But even if I thought it was the grossest thing ever I wouldn't. It wouldn't be any sort of consideration."

"Well.. obvs." No smirk this time. "You love me and he sucked."

"He did suck!" Vehement-righteous works on Rina.

"You'd love that?" I tease a little, "So I should stop doing a tactical wee before bed?"

"Yes." She blushes prettily.

"OK."

"That is *my* word of the day bitch. Give it back!" She tries to take it back with her mouth.

She doesn't cry this time.

*009*2021-07-06 14:23

{{On 6/18/2021 at 9:06 AM, Babedut123 said:

Love it to.

Great writting.

}}

{{9 hours ago, Weasel said:

Pretty nice! I love the storytelling aspect. And these two seem pretty cute together.

}}

{{7 hours ago, Manowar said:

I agree. It is very good story and both Rine and Sally are nice. Good job Katy (as usual)

}}

Thanks all!

I thought storytelling was a fun device as well! Cute is absolutely their upside impression. I like them, but they are very much to my taste! This is probably my most "this is what I actually think about for myself, when I'm not writing for others" story.

{{On 7/5/2021 at 7:17 PM, Psalm23_4 said:

Wonderful story! Just curious, is this pure fantasy or is it loosely based on true events

}}

Pure fantasy. Alas.

*012*2021-07-17 14:23

{{On 7/10/2021 at 2:19 PM, Lapis Lazuli said:

Why can't I upvote stuff multiple times??

}}

{{14 hours ago, bangboom said:

I never comment on this website but this piece was really close, intimate and lovely in a way i rarely see. the way the characters cautiously and empathetically approach kink and embrace each others' vulnerabilities is really really sweet.

Most kink stories i've read really have nothing to do with the human experience of having a kink or broaching the subject in a relationship. or at least not in a grounded way like this.

Loved this story. really resonated. thx for sharing

}}

Thanks

I was aiming for exactly that :) Really gratifying that it struck a chord.

I have two more chapters storyboarded and partly dialogued, so hopefully I will get an update out this week at some point.

*014*2021-07-22 15:54

I press my thigh against Rina's, all soft-tender and warm. She presses back and turns a word-leaf in her book.

I've stopped reading mine ten minutes ago. Need a wee too much to really concentrate properly.

The rain beats down on the tin-roof above Rina's balcony, enclosed, we can't get wet. The glass is fogged and trickles trace their way down slowly. She loves the sound. We used to sit out here even when we were but girl-friends and not girlfriends. I'd talk of boys who sucked and hurt me and she'd quietly love me unnoticed. I like that she is noticed now. She deserves to be noticed.

"I need a wee" I say casually as I press my trakky-clad thigh against her naked one. She's just wearing knickers. She likes to when we sit out here, now that we are girlfriends. Warm under a blanket, cross-legged on the bare boards.

She puts her book down behind her, inside her bedroom. Word-string left half-read. "I was wondering when you would say something like that."

"Am I that obvious?" I'd thought she would be surprised.

She considers, "Maybe not to anyone but me. I can tell when you need to pee. You've been driving me crazy for the last half hour."

"The rain? It does not help." I feel a surge of pride at her last words. And I like that she knows me that well.

"I bet it doesn't." She soothes and bends around to kiss my lips lightly. "Thank you by the way. It's a lovely surprise."

Now that I'm not trying to hide my desperation I bounce my crossed legs around a bit. It briefly helps.

"Did I every tell you about the time a girl I worked with at Cotton On wet herself at work?" I know I haven't.

"You have not." Rina's eyes are shiny-eager, "Tell me what happened?"

"Well I wasn't working that day. So I didn't see this or anything. But everyone knew about it. Apparently she really needed to go and peed her pants behind the registers while ringing up a customer." I'd debated making a whole story out of it. But decided I didn't want to make Rina *too* excited by another girl. Or even pretending it was me it happened to, but... I've got enough stories of my own that I don't need to lie about extra ones. If I can ease myself out of the embarrassment of telling them.

"Did she ask if she could take a bathroom break?"

"Yeah but only, like, once. And Naomi, our manager, didn't say 'no' so much as 'can you wait a bit?'. Or that's what she said anyway. I can tell you, she always let everyone go the second they asked after that."

"I kinda like the idea of someone telling me I'm not allowed to go to the toilet when I'm busting..." Rina face goes hot-red as she says that.

"Sabrina! You kinky minx!" I tease her very gently. I lean over to her ear, "I'll do that one day if you want."

She just blushes again.

"So Naomi had to go buy her new knickers, pants, socks, shoes, everything. Then apparently she finished her shift."

"Oh my god really? If I wet myself at work I'm defo defo taking the rest of the day off." Rina's face has finally cooled down.

"I know right! Me too. Who finishes their shift??" It's weird. Needing to pee, out here, with Rina, is actually kind of a bit of a turn-on. I tell her that.

"I'm rewiring your brain. Like girls. Like peeing yourself." She smirks.

"You really are..." They do say that love rewires your brain.

I take her hand and bring it over to my belly. "Feel how full I am? Under my top if you want?"

I shiver at her touch. Her fingers are cold. I'm grateful she doesn't press me. I'd probably wee if she did.

"You are really firm." Rina marvels and then says with a spark in her eyes. "Would you have an accident if I pressed down on you do you think?"

"I was just thinking that I would." I purr at her. If she wants to she can. I'd wet myself for her any day.

I remember that day she sat beside me on these boards. Raining then as well. Shaking in anxiety-guilt. Telling me she loved me when she couldn't not a moment longer. I wish I'd kissed her straight away instead of being surprised. I know I loved her as well, now. I didn't know myself.

I kiss her now. A kiss for every million kisses she deserves. "I love you so so so so so much Rina". I breathe the words at her, my eyes suddenly wet with feelings.

She holds me tightly, arms high on my body so as not to burst my bladder. It's screaming at me. It's all very intense.

"I'm going to wet myself, babe" I whine in what I really hope is a sexy way.

It was, at least for Rina, "I want you so much right now..."

I'm too desperate to keep talking. I writhe for a couple of minutes while Rina kisses my neck until I feel the inevitable gush. I don't entirely mean to stop it, it's just instinctive. I'm wet.

"I just peed some." I still can't look at her when I say that. That is too intense.

"A lot?" She asks.

"It felt like a lot..." But I'm really not sure. "You can check if you want?"

Rina's hand makes it's way into my track pants, on top of my knickers, I shiver-squirm under her feather touch. "You are only a bit wet. I don't think it would show yet." She says in a whisper and starts to take her hand away.

"Keep your hand there?" I ask as I close my eyes. Rain patters somewhere above me, thunder peals.

She whisper-brushes me through my undies as I wait to burst. It's indescribable. Her tongue traces the whorls of my ear. I'm incandescent.

"You're peeing." Rina murmurs breathily. I hadn't even noticed. "I'm getting wet."

I'm empty long before Rina takes her hand out of my pants, sopping and still sparking.

"I think you enjoyed that even more than I did..." She says into my neck as we cling to each other amid in my wetness. She's right.

*017*2021-07-25 07:40

{{On 7/18/2021 at 10:19 AM, xixi said:

Whoa, that was masterfully written!

It's sexy and intimate and cute, and the characters have such a great chemestry!

Also, Sally is a great narrator, I love her insightful commentary.

Thank you for such a great job story.

Any chance we get a third chapter?

}}

Thanks! You'll even get a fourth at some stage, in the next couple of weeks, whenever I get 2 hours to write.

{{On 7/23/2021 at 8:53 PM, xixi said:

That's the word to describe how hot it was this third chapter. Thanks for the great writing

}}

I think that was the last word I wrote actually (Incandescent)! It's a really good word.

{{12 hours ago, LilMiss said:

Oh my god this is one of my most favorite things I've read in a long time. I would happily be either of these women. Thank you for this.

}}

I'm glad you liked it! I feel much more emotionally similar to Sally myself. But Rina is absolutely someone I'd be attracted to, she's specifically written that way.

###

Also! A thanks to everyone who has ever enjoyed any of my stories. I see I've just passed 1000 reputation, almost entirely from writing, and it's defo self-esteem building that so many people enjoy my stuff.

*019*2021-07-31 15:28

I slide back into bed next to Rina, all freshly emptied bladder and nervous tension. I'm aware of my heart beat. She rolls onto her back, but stays asleep.

I scroll on my phone for a while. I can't stop thinking of her though. God I'm heart-struck.

My phone falls onto a pile of rejected skirts and I watch her rest: hair spilt everywhere, legs flailed onto my side. I wonder when she'll wake up.

My hand wanders, incidentally, across my breasts. It's just cold enough that my nipples are hard even before I linger on them. The right amount of cold. I don't sleep naked, but I'm naked now. My clothes in the bathroom down the hall.

Rina's right hand is between her legs and I wonder why. Having a nice dream? About me? Needing to pee? It really could be either. He eyes are fluttering with shallow-sleep and she does always need to pee whenever she wakes up. Regardless it's interesting. I'm done waiting for her to wake up. Slide over next to her and rub myself against her hip, kiss her neck. She stirs.

"Morning babe..." I murmur in her ear, "I've missed you."

She turns her head but lets me keep rubbing against her hip, "You are very amorous this morning Sal". From her smile I know she's happy about that.

I kiss her and run my hand along her ribs, barely brushing the bottom of her tits.

"Mmmm." She says, "To be continued? I just need to run to the loo". Good.

I reach up and twist my fingers into her hair, throw my leg across her thighs. "I don't think so."

"What?" She's confused but not annoyed, "I promise I'll be straight back. I just need a quick wee."

"Uh huh. I know. But... I don't think so. You'll have to wait."

Her eyes widen for a second. "Oh. Oh OK... Except I don't think I can?"

She looks embarrassed and my confidence wavers for a minute. I'm doing this for her... Maybe I should have checked first that she would want me to. "You can go if you want to. I'm just trying to..."

She cuts me off "I know babe." Then she kisses me deeply. "You just surprised me. Good surprised me." More kissing. "But... I really don't know if I can?"

Now I know we are both playing I can tease her safely, "Is Rina going to wet her bed?" I coo.

She blushes, "maybe..?"

"You know I have a friend who wet herself one morning, having sex?" I throw it out there. It's true, I do know someone who did that. "She tried to hold it and... couldn't. Peed all over everything. The bed, her boyfriend... He wasn't thrilled apparently."

"He's an idiot. Boys are idiots."

"Boys are idiots!" I know she's still never entirely sure I won't leave her for a guy one day.

She looks at the cracking ceiling, "So you wouldn't mind if I... pee all over everything. The bed? You?"

"Accidents happen Babe. I'd opposite of mind."

"I might hold you to that. Unless you change your mind and let me go do a wee?" She sounds hopeful, but I know she is hopeful I stay the course.

"Absolutely not!"

Rina squirms in pleasure-pain.

"Maybe I should make you lie still?" I tease-threaten

"If you want me to pee in the next five seconds that would be a good plan" She sticks her tongue out, and a hand back between her legs.

"Does that help for you?" I'm genuinely interested.

"Mrmmmmmm... Sort of I guess? It's a bit distracting?" She sounds unsure. "Does it help for you?"

I think for a few seconds, "Nah. It just ends up running through my fingers anyway."

"Oh my God Sally." She flips onto her flank to face me. "Did you phrase it that way to drive me mad??"

I absolutely did. "Does it drive you mad?"

"Want you more than I want a wee!" She takes her hand away, strips off her knickers gracefully, and climbs on top on me. Straddling my hips and lowering herself to kiss me, fingers tangle in my hair. I pull her tight against me, hugging hard. I can feel her vibrating with need, muscles tense and stretched, not just blood-hunger, though that as well. She really is desperate to pee.

She sits back up, the hand back between her legs, the other hovers yet on my breast.

"Have you ever wet yourself as an adult?" I ask with the intent of sharing another time that I have.

Rina reddens, "Um yeah. I mean. Everyone has?"

"Really?" I'm surprised she hasn't admitted that at some point earlier, more than that she has. I'm loosely aware that she doesn't really has the largest bladder, she wees more often than I do!

"I think so? Like... I'm sure people don't talk about it always, and there are prolly exceptions. But I think most people, at least most women, have at one time or another." Rina rattles, moving me on from her embarrassment. "You did one time!"

I can't help giggling, then shake my head, "No no no. Not you. Just, I have wet myself quite a bit more than 'one time' is all."

"Oh!" Her momentary hurt at my laughter soothed. "That's really... fantastic?"

"Well not for me at the time!" I steady her with my hands on her waist as she starts to rock herself against my stomach, rough-damp. "Though I guess it is kind of fantastic that it does this to you to hear about it."

"I have too." She still can't look at me. Though I didn't meet her eye at my confession either. "Small bladder. Weak muscles. Wet knickers. Summary of my life."

Bursting and bashful Rina still speaks in prosody.

"When was the last time for you?" I ask.

She's still red. I want to give her a cuddle but let her rock instead. She'll fall into my arms if she needs me.

"A couple of months ago?"

"While I was living here! You didn't tell me?"

"I had an enormous crush on you! I didn't want to seem icky." Fair point. I'd have just commiserated with her but a couple of months ago I wouldn't have found it an attractive story at all. She really is rewiring my brain.

"Want to tell me about it?" I probe gently. I don't want to push her if this is something that we don't do.

She shuts her eyes and chews her lip. After a while she says, "OK.... This is so intense. I'm busting and horny and embarrassed and it's a lot"

I run my hands tenderly over her thighs and abdomen, careful to avoid her bladder, I don't want to burst her, in what I hope is reassurance.

She starts to talk and her words pour in a flood, "It was after work. I left right on five because I was done with work that day you know? Done. And it usually takes about thirty minutes to get here. Eight minute walk to the train station near work. Ten minutes on the train. Five minutes from our train station to our loo. So I guess twenty-three if everything goes perfectly. But give it thirty because of waiting for the next train or whatever delay."

I smile that Rina knows so exactly how long everything takes. She is very punctual. I'm... less so.

"But there are toilets on the train and the platform right?"

"Yeah there are toilets on the train and the station platform near our place, I hate to use them, because eww. But yeah there are. Where there are not toilets is the station near my work."

"Ohhhhh noooo" I sympathise.

"Yeah. Exactly. So there was no train for ages that day. I don't know why? There is usually one every five minutes after work. But obviously I was stuck on the train platform ready to explode. And it's not like I had any options! After a while I decided I'd just have to pee on the train, despite eww. I could have walked back to work but that would take an extra sixteen minutes round trip plus peeing time. And then, after a while, I... um... couldn't have walked back to work? Like... I'd not have made it."

Rina still hasn't opened her eyes, but she's grinding against me faster. I take her hand and put her fingers in my mouth, tasting her. Her thighs squeeze me.

"I needed the train to arrive. And it just didn't. There were other people on the platform. People I see there all the time. I'm dancing because I'm about to piss myself and everyone is studiously ignoring me."

"Oh Babe..." I sympathise. "That is such a rough place for it to happen."

"Right! I have to stand there and wait for the train with these people still. No one has ever said anything but I know that they know. It's a bit awkward." Her breathing is becoming torn and juddering.

"What were you wearing?" I'm hoping for a skirt. Something short and dark that she could have hidden. Though an unexpected part of me wants to see her in wet clothes. I'm surprised yet by that. Later.

"Slacks. Dark but not dark enough. My charcoal work ones? You know?" She opens her eyes for the first time since she started her story.

I sense she is getting close to wetting herself. Or maybe an orgasm. I can just tell. "Yeah. You wear those all the time!"

"I'm long past the idea of not wearing clothes I've weed myself in." She writhes wetly. "Sally... If you don't want me to get you wet I need to go to the toilet right now? I won't make it, I don't think. But I can get up at least."

"Don't you dare move." I promise her. "Tell me what happened next?"

She sighs, "I couldn't wait for the train. It was like twenty minutes without one coming. It just came flooding out. You know. God."

Her hands are pulling my hair, she presses herself hard against me, trying not to pee.

She can barely talk as she finishes "I was so wet. There was a puddle. Everyone ignored me. *Then* the train came."

Rina gasps, long and loud. My belly suddenly feels hot. Scalding hot. I can hear the hiss of her loss of bladder control. She opens her eyes now. Vulnerable and intimate. I look deep into her soul and she looks into mine.

Then she falls off of me and lies stunned on her back. Not empty, just quiet.

I give her a moment. "It feels like I've wet the bed." I giggle and take her hand. It really does, familiar, lying in a puddle, wet to my shoulders.

She squeezes my hand back. "I had an orgasm. That's not weird is it?"

"With how much you were rubbing your lady parts on me? Uh. No." I roll onto my side. Pee pools at my hip. Waterproof mattress protectors are always a good idea, especially for me, especially since I've stopped weeing before bed like I promised Rina.

"Not that." She rolls over as well and kisses me. Then buries her face into my neck, "I didn't wee because I came. I came because I weed."

"Was it good?" I ask

"It was phenomenal. Transcendent. And with you..."

"Then it's not weird."

Our hearts beat in sympathetic rhythm. I can feel hers through my chest.

*022*2021-08-01 15:28

{{On 7/26/2021 at 8:58 PM, Manowar said:

There is nothing more to add. The story is excellent and last chapter really sweet. It is very sexi and more arousal than any previous of your stories. Keep going

}}

{{7 hours ago, poodle21 said:

Great story, so sensual - really enjoyed reading this!

}}

Thanks for the kind comments. I've plotted three chapters ahead so I know roughly where I'm going with it. Though always up for input/suggestions!

{{10 hours ago, Weasel said:

Ah, Kaity, you know what I like!

...And it's not wetting. Of any kind, really.

But it is adorable pee-romances, and you are giving us that in spades. Lovely, just lovely.

}}

Ahahahahaha

Glad you are enjoying it even though it's only 50% of what you like

*023*2021-08-09 14:17

I slide down from the arm-rest of Gabby's worn sofa more-or-less into Rina's lap, and giggle.

"I've probably had enough wine do you think?" I ask the room-full of my friends. They disagree.

Rina slides over, closer to Kirsty, leaving me a gap to just about sit comfortably, but leaves a hand just above my knee. Skin-to-skin. I'm embarrassed: my veins pump blood into my throat. I know my friends are cool with me having a girlfriend now. I 'warned' them on messenger before I brought Rina to girls' night. And no one even blinked at my agonised over, perfectly worded, confession of... something other than heterosexuality. I don't know exactly. If anyone was surprised or bothered I've not seen any sign. I'm embarrassed that I'm anxious.

"Althea's turn!" Gabby says happily. Of course. A continuance of my least favourite game. Especially when my friends are using it to force me to reveal embarrassing stuff about myself in front of Rina.

"Mrmmm..." She thinks out loud, "Never have I ever stood up a date because I watched Masterchef instead."

Me. Of course. But it could have been, and has been, worse. I drink a large swallow of my wine. Sicky sweet. How I like it. Obviously no one else does. I drink like a 19th century Russian princess. Or a 16 year-old teeny-bopper with no palate. Depending on how flattering-insulting you want to be about me.

"These are all too specific." I pout. "At least make things vague enough that it might not just be me who is getting drunk and embarrassed."

"Gotta tell the story before we move on, Sally." Gabby reminds me. Of course I do.

"I wasn't that into him. They were cooking with emu eggs. I forgot I was meant to be going out." I briefly summarise. Emu eggs are very cool. Gym guys... I probably shouldn't have agreed to the date in the first place.

"Don't worry Rina. I can tell she wouldn't forget she was meant to be on a date with you!" Kirsty says with a smirk.

Rina plays along with a mock-stern, "Better not!" and squeezes my thigh.

"My turn?" Shirin asks, saving me. I don't know her very well. Kirsty's girl-friend. Friend who is a girl. They aren't dating. She might target Kirsty rather than me. If I'm very lucky.

"Never have I ever..." She's pausing for dramatic effect, not because she hasn't got a good never-have-I-ever loaded up. "Wet myself as an adult!"

Freaking. Damn it. It wasn't aimed at me but it still hits. I take a slug of wine, finishing the glass. I'm really going to get properly pissed if I'm drinking on every turn.

Obviously Rina drinks as well. And Kirsty, who I knew about, as obviously did Shirin. Then I see Gabby and Althea drink as well. On the one hand I'm not surprised, my belief that almost everyone has wet themselves at some point vindicated. On the other I never specifically knew that they had.

"All of you??? Dirty bitches!" Shirin laughs good humouredly. Althea throws a cushion at her.

"Which means..." Gabby says excitedly, "you need to drink a whole glass!" She takes Shirin's glass to fill it for her. "Also girls... stories!"

"Everyone already knows mine!" Kirsty objects.

"Not Rina." Althea offers helpfully.

Kirsty shoots her a dark look. "God. Fine."

I'm not entirely sure how I feel about my friends telling Rina stories about wetting themselves but... It's going to happen. And I'm the one sharing her bed. And Rina actually already knows this one.

"So... One morning, when I woke up, Isaac got pretty handsy and stuff straight away. Except I needed to go the toilet. Because, you know, I just woke up." Kirsty shrugs. I note that everyone accepts that as being obviously a true fact.

"But instead of telling him to pump the breaks for a minute I just figured 'eh... we'll just rush through it. I can hold it.' " Kirsty blushes but keeps talking directly at Rina. "I was very, very, wrong. I weed all over him. He was pretty pissed, no pun intended. We had to get a new mattress. So lesson learned, toilet first, sex second."

I take Rina's hand in mind so she doesn't end up putting her fingernails through my leg.

Since this is a old story no one has follow-up questions.

"I wet myself at a Tame Impala gig!" Gabby is tipsy enough and unflappable enough that she has zero reservations about sharing.

"Whoh that is super public, girl!" Kirsty is horrified. I'm pretty horrified as well. Is that Gabby is sharing this story a sign she doesn't have any less embarrassing stories? Or would she intentionally pick the most embarrassing story she has? Gabby is a bit like that.

"I was busting. Thanks smuggled-in litre bottle of vodka and water." Gabby pokes her tongue out. "The band were tearing it up and I wasn't keen to miss any part of it. I guess I misjudged things? Or maybe excitement and jumping up and down aren't great for bladder control?" Again the tongue poke that says she's kidding.

"And then... it started trickling all down my legs. And by that point what are you going to do? The queues for the loo were huge. I was wearing a skirt and sandals." She stands up and mimed how she must have done it, "Straight down my legs. No big deal at all. Mine wasn't the only suspicious puddle that night."

"You didn't even try to go to the bathroom?" Shirin is scandalised.

"I'd absolutely have wet myself in the queue anyway. Mosh pit is less noticeable." Gabby says with a giggle.

I go next. I just retell the first story I told Rina. Where I wet myself getting out of my car. But with way less details. If I give the poor girl new material she'll probably pass out on me.

"Seeing your front door when you are busting can make it very hard to keep holding on." Kirsty commiserates.

"Though not as bad as seeing the toilet itself." Gabby agrees amiably.

Rina stumbles through a very brief story about wetting herself laughing too hard. I'll have to ask her more about that later. No one pushes her to elaborate. Considerate friends!

Althea tells her story last. "I was back home for a couple of weeks. Staying with the family, visiting grandparents, catching up with old school mates. This particular evening I'd gone into town with my sister, hit up a pub, schniddy, couple of pots, like six of lemonade because I was driving."

"And when was this exactly?" Gabby was always most likely to ask the questions.

"Oh like last Christmas." Althea blushes, "It was actually only my third night back. So I didn't get to run away from pissing myself as fast as I'd want to. Anyway... We needed to leave to pub in a hurry at around 11. Stace got into a barney with one of the Campbell bitches. Oh sorry. Local references. They suck, there are like six of them, everyone had a Campbell bitch in their year at school."

Althea with the details! I check on Rina. Consider taking her pulse. I slide my hand along her back instead and rub her spine through the cotton, counting her lumbar vertebrae with my fingertips. I feel her shiver. I want to make-out with her but I'm not nearly drunk enough to think that would be at all appropriate.

"I needed to go the toilet before we left, but Stace wanted to go straight away and it's only about twenty minutes back to Mum and Dad's so I figured I'd be fine. You guys? I was not fine. I started complaining about it to Stace before we even pulled out of the parking lot, but she just thought it was funny and tried to make me laugh. Guess that would have worked on you, hey Rina?" She winks at my girlfriend and earns a blush.

"Anyway it didn't work on me. But I was seriously considering just pulling over to the side of the road and popping a squat. It just seemed silly to do that so close to an actual toilet. And I totally would have made it.... except! There is a level crossing *just* before the driveway up to my parent's place. You can hear the trains constantly if you aren't used to them. I swear I never sleep my first night back. And, of course, I forgot that I could get caught by a train. Which, of course, I did."

"Why didn't you just go behind a bush at that point?" Shirin asks the obvious.

"Well it's basically an impossible place to do that. Straight down an embankment on one side and a wall of lantana on the other. And I couldn't just go on the road because a huge cattle truck had pulled up behind us." Althea shakes her head. "There was just nowhere to go. I held it for like eighty coal hoppers and then it all came out in a freaking tsunami. Stace thought it was hilarious. My parents were less thrilled about me peeing on their car seats. Stace reminded me to go do a precautionary wee every time I went anywhere for the rest of my stay." Althea narrows her eyes, "If she starts that again next time I'm up I swear I'm going to slap her."

"So... we shouldn't suggest you do a precautionary wee before you leave tonight?" Shirin jokes, and everyone laughs.

With the pee-pants stories complete Shirin chugs her glass of wine, catching me up a bit, and we move on to Gabby making me drink and admit to having accidently eaten "free muffin samples" that were actually some random's unfinished muffin, insanely cut into neat pieces by a twisted mind.

In a pique of blood-hunger and tipsy decision making, inspired by Althea's story, I decide I'll probably 'forget' to do a precautionary wee before Rina and I leave. Give Rina a reason to forget all about my friend's stories.

