Coffee. Traffic

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2018-03-26 03:51

I leaked a single short squirt into my briefs when I got out of the car. Goddamnit. Still, as my wife always said, if your pants aren't wet then it doesn't count as wetting your pants. Honestly I didn't really care all that much now I was home, I just really didn't want to lose control in the car. I've had enough experience getting pee out of car seats, both mine and Charlotte's. I didn't fancy having to do it again.

It was lucky that I'd married Charlotte. For a lot of reasons actually. But right now, specifically, I was thinking that a lot of women would have a problem being married to a man who wets his pants sometimes. They'd probably think less of him, make fun of him, think that he isn't a real man or something. But since Charlotte wets herself at least as often as I do she couldn't really say anything, even if she wanted to. Not that either of us have a medical problem or anything, we aren't talking every day, or even every week. But most months at least one of us seems to end up with wet pants. And apparently today it might be me.

Her Fiesta was next to mine in the garage when I pulled up, so she must already be home. It was usually touch and go which one of us got home first, though I had been held up enough today that I wasn't surprised she'd beaten me in.

I gave my crotch a quick squeeze to make sure that I'd really stopped peeing and wasn't quietly trickling an unnoticed stream down my leg before I very carefully made my way through the internal doorway into our house itself. My bladder had that heavy numb tingle it does when I'm seconds away from losing control. Even though I was going to make it to the toilet in under twenty seconds I still didn't know whether I was going to be dry, or mostly dry anyway, when I arrived.

That happens to me rather a lot actually. Nearly making it. My bladder cutting loose with the toilet already in sight. It isn't so bad when I'm at home with a change of clothes and my own shower standing by. But it's absolutely mortifying to be in a public bathroom with freshly peed trousers and knowing that even though no one knows that you've wet yourself again, really all it is is that no one knows yet. That you are going to have to go out and face the music eventually. That's another bladder related thing Charlotte and I have in common. It was quite the bonding experience when we first were admitting these thing to each other; sharing our dread of having to emerge, saturated, from a locked cubicle.

This time I made it to the bathroom door without any further leakage, but the knob refused to turn in my hand. Locked. I knocked urgently.

"Sorry! I'll just be a second!" She called from behind the door

I opened my mouth to tell her to hurry but ended up saying "Take your time."

I wouldn't matter whether she hurried or not. My bladder had been expecting immediate release, and once denied voluntary release it had decided upon involuntary.

I felt the very familiar sensation of wet underwear on my genitals, of wet fabric sticking to my legs, of peeing while still fully dressed. I kicked off my shoes just before the urine reached them. Might as well save a bit of clean up. The puddle on the white tile beneath my waterlogged socks was never as large as I felt it should be. Charlotte's puddles were always bigger. Was her bladder larger? Or are ladies' clothes less absorbent?

Charlotte opened the bathroom door to belatedly let me in. I was surprised to see that she was naked and naturally my gaze went to my wife's breasts rather than her face. There isn't anything wrong with her face, but there isn't anything wrong with her tits.

"Oh!" She said in surprise, looking at my legs. "Did you have an accident?"

I remembered where to look. "Coffee. Traffic." I shrugged helplessly.

She nodded sympathetically. "If it makes you feel any better you aren't the only one." She said motioning to a puddle on the floor in front of the toilet. I must have been so distracted by her body I hadn't noticed. That explained why she was naked, and when she leaned over to turn the shower taps on I could see her legs were wet where she had lost control at the last moment.

"Coffee? Traffic?" I asked.

"Tea. Didn't want to ask at Thelma's and thought I could hold it. I was so close as well!" She said in mock frustration, "I didn't even leak. But when I started to try to undo the button on my pants... Whoosh."

"Oh well." I said with a shrug as I stripped off my wet clothes. "Shall I do the mopping this time?"

She tilted her head. "Yep. It's your turn. But I'll run the laundry."

*011*2018-04-04 01:39

{{On 3/27/2018 at 12:15 AM, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent

}}

{{On 3/27/2018 at 2:11 AM, ElizaSchuyler said:

Amazing as usual!

}}

{{On 3/27/2018 at 6:26 AM, Ondinist said:

So far, so very good

}}

{{On 3/28/2018 at 12:03 AM, BENAir01 said:

Outstanding!!!!

}}

Thanks y'all! :)

{{On 3/27/2018 at 9:10 AM, 126 said:

Love it! Please continue this story, I would be very happy to read more of them...

}}

{{On 3/26/2018 at 4:09 PM, Gaz_h said:

I really enjoyed that. Hopfully there will be some more to come fingers crossed

}}

{{On 3/27/2018 at 6:15 PM, Manowar said:

Fantastic. I like your style of storytelling and this one was very good. If it is single story - I love it. If it is a begining of longer one - I'll love it even more!!!

}}

Well I guess I can write a sequel if you want. :p Next post down!

{{On 3/30/2018 at 12:44 PM, Sapphire3619 said:

This might be my favorite one of your stories!

}}

Thanks Sapphire. I nearly didn't post it because I wasn't thrilled with it myself. Glad I did though. :)

{{On 3/31/2018 at 10:49 AM, Weasel said:

There's something so straightforward about this story. Grounded. It's a beautiful thing. But then, you know what I like!

}}

Straight up straight forward. Make a change from my previous, highly ornamental story. Gotta keep doing different things or I'll run out of air. Like a shark. An obligate ram breathing shark. Not one that can switch to buccal pumping. One of those would ruin my already flimsy simile.

{{On 3/31/2018 at 9:51 PM, Pilly Christal said:

I loved this! I would be happy if there were more stories like this - with two people in the same situation :) I'll wait for your next story!

}}

They are my fave as well :) I promise that I'm going to run that interactive I mentioned to you months ago soon. Saying it out loud so I have to do it. :)

*012*2018-04-04 01:42

I wake up screamingly desperate. The kind of desperate where you know that even if you leap straight out of bed and sprint for the bathroom you are still going to pee all over the carpet. The kind of desperate where even if you move ever-so-carefully and hold yourself tightly between your legs pee is still going to be running through your fingers before you make it halfway to the toilet. The kind of desperate where the are absolutely no choices you can possibly make that don't end in soaked pants.

So I wait the ten or so seconds until my bladder lets go. Another defeat. Another accident.

My panties are soaked in a instant. My nightie in a trice. The wetness spreads up my spine and down the backs of my thighs. There is a thin grey light spilling in the high window above the curtains. Almost dawn. I'll never get back to sleep if I get up to shower and change the sheets. I still have to of course; can't just lay here in my puddle.

I'm really not surprised that I wet the bed. Even aside from the fact that it just randomly happens once or twice a month it's always especially likely if I've had an accident the day prior. Travis is the same way. So maybe that's a people in general thing rather than just a Charlotte thing. Like bladder muscles get worn out and don't work properly again for a while. That makes sense right?

I always wake up before I wet myself. My husband never does. He just pees in his sleep when he wets our bed. I'm a bit envious. I don't really like waking up and knowing I'm about to have an accident. I think it'd be easier to just wake up with it already over and done with.

I roll over onto my side and my pee wells up around my hip where my weight makes a depression in the bed. I reach over to touch Travis in the dark and gently shake him awake. To confess that I'm going to have to make him get up early again. Because his silly wife still can't control her bladder. Not that he doesn't wake me up sometimes to change the sheets while he showers. But... I don't know. I feel like it's been me more often lately. I was so relieved when I opened the bathroom door yesterday and saw that he'd wet himself as well. I was so embarrassed when I was opening the door, embarrassed and frustrated that I couldn't make myself hold on for just another twenty seconds, and when I realized that I wasn't alone it just made me feel so much better about the whole incident.

I remember the first night I slept over at Travis's place. I hadn't really planned to and I was freaking out that I might wet his bed and how he'd probably break up with me and that I couldn't really afford to replace his mattress. But with a nervous stutter he confessed that he sometimes wets the bed. I was so relieved. I immediately told him that I do the same thing and he had nothing to be embarrassed about. We stayed up for hours after that talking about our respective bladder failings, sharing our most humiliating incidents, and reassuring each other that neither of us were in a place to judge.

I didn't wet his bed that first night. But he did. I actually didn't wet the bed for the fist six months we were sharing a bed, somehow. Sometimes I have extend streaks of dry nights. But it was actually somewhat mistimed because after the fifth or sixth time we had to change the sheets because of him I started to worry that he might think I'd been lying about sometimes wetting the bed myself; so I resolved that I was going to have to wet the bed on purpose.

I'd never wet myself on purpose in my life and it wasn't easy! Even though I've peed in a bed hundreds of times over the years I couldn't make myself let go on purpose. I had to get up, drink three glasses of water, and then lie in bed, increasingly desperate, until I eventually burst. Of course, completely by accident, I wet the bed the next three nights in a row. Because of course I did. Karma.

I aim my hand for his hip, but in the darkness my hand finds his crotch instead. Soaked. Not from me. My bladder isn't big enough for my pee to have spread that far in such volume. He must have peed the bed as well. I don't think we've ever both wet the bed on the same night before. I immediately feel better about my own accident. When you aren't alone it doesn't feel nearly so embarrassing. "Sweetie" I shook him gently, "Wake up. We need to change the sheets"

*019*2018-04-16 05:04

{{On 4/4/2018 at 11:52 AM, ElizaSchuyler said:

So good and so hot!

}}

{{On 4/4/2018 at 3:04 PM, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was so excellent

}}

{{On 4/5/2018 at 10:58 PM, BENAir01 said:

Awwww so cute. Such a good couple.

}}

Thanks :)

{{On 4/4/2018 at 5:50 PM, Dealer said:

Lovely! That's the kind of stories I like: m + f, peeing together ;)

Btw I love how you write! :)

}}

{{On 4/5/2018 at 10:04 AM, Manowar said:

Yes! Yes! Yes!!! Double bedwetting is what I like very much.

Hot story and I really appreciate that this time wife is a narrator. Great job. Thanks! ❤

}}

{{On 4/15/2018 at 11:23 AM, remos6 said:

As good as ever Katy! I can only echo what everyone else has been saying, couple stories are infinitely more interesting (and hotter ) than solo ones. Already looking forward to the next one.

P.S. Too much to hope for another chapter of "I Think You Should Just Pee Your Pants"?

}}

I'm doing a bit of male+female stories lately. :)

Another two chapters of ITYSJPYP are loosely story-boarded. I don't usually leave things half finished and I definitely plan to tie up the loose plot threads in that story. I'll get to it in the next few months I'd say, unless an idea I'm more excited by ends up taking precedence again. :p

P.S. Can't hurt to ask in general, I tend to write whatever I feel like people want to read most.

