Jenny series: dirty lunch break

Author: Wet19

*000*2017-10-09 15:34

Jenny had seated herself on the couch and cast her phone to the TV so she could watch porn in 58 inch high definition. Megan had gone to work and Katy was at school. Jenny's first class was earlier in the morning and she had come home for her lunch break. She had the house all to herself, at least for the next two hours until she had to go back to the university for her physics class. Sitting with her jeans unbuttoned and unzipped, she browsed online for some good wetting videos. It didn't take her long to find a good collection and within moments she had her hands in her pants pleasing herself.

Suddenly the front door opened. Jenny jumped and fumbled to clean up one of her hands so she could turn off he TV and her phone. She was too late. Standing at the edge of the living room was Megan dressed in her fine black pant suit which she wore to work daily. She looked at the TV, which showed a pleasantly good looking girl admiring in a mirror a pair of jeans she had just peed, then at Jenny, whose face wore an intense expression of guilt.

"Busted!" she said as she walked to the dining area and set her purse and work bag down on the table. Jenny had removed her hands from her pants and was holding closed the flaps of her jeans, but she dared not move to fasten them nor turn off the TV. A deep pit had formed in her stomach and she felt as if she wanted to melt into the couch and become one of the cushions. Megan came back into the living room and plopped herself on the couch next to Jenny. They had been living together for less than a month and had only been lovers for just about as long, yet already Jenny was indulging herself in the exhibitions of other women. Her face betrayed her shame as she wondered how Megan would take this, after all, married couples who have been together for far longer frequently separate when one of them gets caught in this situation. She began to tremble.

Megan stared at the TV screen which was now displaying an advertisement for male enhancement drugs. There was a deafening silence for several seconds that felt more like minutes or even hours to Jenny. Finally Megan spoke with a half smile and slight chuckle: "Surely you don't get off to viagra knock offs, right?" Jenny glanced at the screen, then back at Megan without making a sound. "Relax!" Megan said as she picked up Jenny's phone, closed the ad, and tapped on another video. She set Jenny's phone back down and then proceeded to unfasten her own pants. She bit her lip and silently slipped her hands into her panties. Jenny's shame melted away and was slowly replaced by relieved surprise as she listened to the gentle sloshing sounds coming from inside Megan's pants. Megan became aware again of Jenny's stunned posture.

She removed a hand from her own pants and used it to push Jenny's hands back into her pants as she exclaimed again "Relax!" and added "Did you think I would be mad or something?" Jenny responded only with a sharp exhale and forced smile, which quickly turned into a real smile as she realized in hindsight how silly it had been to expect Megan to be upset. She turned her attention back to the screen and touched herself again under her panties. The unnecessary stress she had put herself under had dried her out and it took several minutes and two more videos for her to begin building toward climax again.

Meanwhile, Megan sat next her moaning and shifting on the couch as she orgasmed. There was a thud as Jenny's phone fell to the floor. Megan leaned against Jenny and kissed her neck and chest. Jenny gasped as it added to her ecstasy. Megan's orgasm soon calmed to naught and she laid on the couch with her head leaned on Jenny's shoulder. Jenny was having trouble. It kept building and then subsiding. She couldn't keep it stable and she didn't know why.

Megan picked up on this and gladly resolved to help. She kneeled on the floor in front of Jenny and picked up her phone. She started another video and then pulled Jenny's jeans and panties down past her knees, to her ankles, all the way off, and threw them across the room. This excited Jenny. Megan then pulled Jenny's legs apart and leaned in, at first stabbing her tongue right into Jenny's vagina, then she used it to circle and zig zag around and across Jenny's clit. Jenny squirmed, breathed heavily, and moaned involuntarily. She put a hand on the back of Megan's head and grabbed a handful of hair.

Megan gripped Jenny's petite hips so she could keep steady in pleasing her lover. Jenny's body began to pulsate and her vagina squeezed as her climax exploded. Cum shot onto Megan's face and into her mouth. She tried to pull back but Jenny, without realizing what she was doing, pushed Megan's head back into her crotch. Megan swallowed and continued dancing her tongue on Jenny's sensual areas. Jenny bucked and smacked her pelvis into Megan's face, but Megan persisted. After a moment or two Jenny began to calm down. She released her grip on Megan's hair, allowing her to come up for air.

Megan sat back, still kneeling front of Jenny with a messy face and frazzled hair. Jenny had her head leaned back staring at the ceiling. Megan stood up and retrieved Jenny's pants from across the room. "Thanks" Jenny muttered through still heavy breathing. Megan smiled brightly, feeling accomplished as she headed to the kitchen for a paper towel to wipe her face. She glanced at her watch and shouted "oh shit!"

Jenny shouted from the other room "What?"

Megan responded "I only have 20 minutes left of my lunch break."

"Crap!" Said Jenny who still hadn't put her pants on. Jenny left her pants on the couch and wobbled quickly to the kitchen. "You go clean up and I'll make you a sandwich"

"Deal!" Said Megan hurriedly as she rushed down the hallway toward her bedroom.

Jenny casually peed on the kitchen floor as she dashed back and forth between the fridge and the counter where she was assembling Megan's sandwich. She threw it in a sandwich bag and filled another with some potato chips. She tossed both into a grocery bag along with an apple and a juice bottle from the fridge. Her feet splashed in the puddle she had so carelessly made on floor beneath her. Megan came darting out of the hallway a few minutes later to find Jenny standing near the front door, still pantless, holding her lunch bag, purse and work bag. Megan hugged her and gave her a kiss "Thanks, love ya!" she said as she took all of her bags and reached for the door handle. "Love you too!" responded Jenny as she watched Megan leave. Suffice it to say that Jenny got very little homework done during her lunch break on this day.

