The Pursuit of Hap-PEE-ness

Author: Wannatripbaby

*000*2025-09-02 22:52

Hello all! I don't normally post on this side of the site, since I'm more into the diaper side of this fetish 😅 But I have been commissioned by @aumonier95 to write a story that does not involve absorbent undergarments. This is my first foray into the realm of Pee Desperation, so your thoughts and comments would be greatly appreciated.

Enjoy!!!

*****

I slammed the plastic bottle down on the counter. It was the second one he'd made me drink and I was feeling bloated and waterlogged. "There, I did it." I declared, turning to my husband.

Marvin eyed the two bottles and nodded, "So you did, Allison. Now comes the fun part."

I was pretty sure this next part wouldn't be *fun* for me by any stretch of the imagination, but I was trying not to be discouraging or negative. "Yeah yeah, now I need to go on the errands and try not to piss myself."

He held up three fingers "Your trials three are as follows: Drop a package off at the post office; fill the car with gas; and the weekly grocery shopping. If you can do all that without using the bathroom or having an accident-"

I finished the statement for him "You're taking me to Amore Mio. And you WILL wear a tie!" I can usually only get him to take me to my favorite restaurant--an upscale Italian place called Amore Mio--about once a year if I'm lucky, usually on my birthday. Not because of the money, he just hates dressing up.

He nodded again, "IF you make it back without an accident. I've got the plastic sheet on the bed all set to go."

I tried to suppress a sudden revulsion. Somehow, this man had gotten it into his head that he wanted me to piss on him during sex. We even tried it once, but I just... Couldn't do it. Apparently I'm bladder shy? So he got the brilliant idea in his head to *force* me to do it by making me have to go so bad that I wouldn't be able to hold it even if I wanted to. Sure, why not. I'll try anything once, y'know? But apparently peeing on him isn't enough, he wants me to go out and run errands with a full bladder. Why? Beats the hell outta me. But I'm trying to be supportive since... Well let's just say the fires of passion have gone rather cold as of late. Ten years of marriage will do that, I guess. So if this has any chance of rekindling the flames of desire, well, I did say I'd try anything once, didn't I?

"Just so long as we're clear that YOU are cleaning it all up afterwards, okay?" I said.

"Of course. Better get going if you want any chance of making it home before you-know-what happens."

I rolled my eyes at his cheeky response, grabbing my purse and my keys before heading towards the door. "Be back in a bit. Love you."

"Love you too. Drive safe."

As I closed the door behind me, the urge to pee hit me stronger than I was anticipating. Maybe it was just because I was no longer "at home" and, as such, in danger of actual consequences if I couldn't make it to the bathroom in time? Perhaps. In any case, the sooner I get these errands done, the sooner I can relieve this growing discomfort. I walked from my front door to my car, sat down, turned the key in the ignition and backed out of the driveway.

I guess I'm really doing this, huh?

I tried to focus on the drive, but the pressure in my bladder was a constant distraction. It wasn't exactly painful... Yet. But it did serve to add to the annoyance of every little delay--every red light, every stop sign, every slowpoke driver doing five-under--was a further reminder of how long it would be until I could relieve this irritating pressure.

The things we women do for our husbands.

After a short drive that felt impossibly long to me, I finally arrived at my first stop: the post office. I parked the car, grabbed the package I needed to send out, and stepped out of the vehicle.

I had to make a conscious effort not to speed-walk into the building. The last thing I wanted right now was to have people looking at me funny for acting weird. No, I'm just a normal woman walking into a normal post office to send out a normal package. Nothing unusual going on at all.

I rounded the corner leading towards the counter and let out an exasperated sigh. The line was practically backed up halfway out the door! Shit. This is precisely what I did *not* need today!

I took a deep, cleansing breath to steady myself. This was fine. The line is moving, at least. I'm probably only getting delayed by about five minutes... Maybe ten. I can handle that, right?

Seconds dragged on into minutes and I found myself shifting from one foot to the other to try to relieve some of the pressure on my bladder. It seemed to help a little. I just hoped and prayed that it didn't look too strange to onlookers. No, of course not, I was just getting paranoid. Nobody here had any idea that the random woman in line had purposely come to the post office with a full bladder with the intention of peeing on her husband when she got home. That's just ridiculous.

I pulled my phone out of my purse and decided to text Marv and let him know my "progress". Since he's SO into this, I'm sure he'll enjoy the play-by-play.

[Me: omg the line at the post office is huge]

His reply came quickly, as though he had been waiting on me to text him.

[Marv: Awww, think you can still make it? 😉]

[Me: of course I can. I'm not gonna piss myself in public.]

[Marv: Are you sure? Wouldn't be the first time. 😛]

I stared at the phone, confused. What was he talking about...

Oh goddammit, that bastard!

[Me: that was in FIRST GRADE!]

[Marv: Still counts. 😜]

"Ma'am?"

My attention snapped back to the world around me. I was next in line and I had been too distracted by my husband's antics to notice. "Sorry." I said sheepishly, approaching the counter and handing my package to the worker. I'd been so distracted by my husband's antics that I didn't even realize it was my turn! My cheeks burned with embarrassment, feeling what must certainly be the dagger-like stares from the people in line behind me. I paid the shipping costs and made my way out of the post office, trying to avoid eye contact with the other patrons in line.

I got back out to the car and took my seat behind the wheel. Immediately the pressure in my bladder increased again and I instinctively squeezed my legs together to keep the flood gates from opening. I guess sitting down made the pressure worse because it was more-akin to what position my body would be in whilst on the toilet? In which case, did that mean it was harder for me to hold it while standing? I'd have to ask Marv later.

I didn't bother wasting time sending a text that I was leaving the post office. I was only one-third of the way done with my errands and already my bladder was reaching critical mass. I'm not gonna make it... I should just call Marv and tell him I can't do it and then dash into the nearest restroom for that sweet relief. This whole entire thing is ridiculous anyway...

No. I shouldn't say that. I told myself I wouldn't say that. Belittling your partner or their interests is how you end up in a spiteful, hate-filled marriage for five decades. Besides, we've already tried so many other things to spice up our love life again. I tried embracing my theater background and introducing some role play in the bedroom, but he just couldn't get into it and trying to get him to stay "in character" was just a distraction and a frustration for both of us.

I brought up the idea of getting some toys, but he was too afraid that it would "replace his dick" if I got something that could please me better than he could--an absolutely ridiculous assertion, but one which I nonetheless could not dispel. We even tried making some "movies" together, but he was so focused on the technical aspects of it--the lighting, the camera angles, audio quality, etc.--that he was about to drop a couple grand on equipment before I had to reign in his enthusiasm by calling the whole thing off.

I tried asking a few married coworkers how they managed this phase in their relationships. The answer I got from most of them was less than helpful: have a kid. As if boredom is a good reason to bring a child into this world! Honestly, I was appalled, although I didn't show it. Marv and I had talked about having kids well-before we got married and neither one of us were all that thrilled by the prospect. Perhaps we're just not very nurturing people, or maybe we're too fond of our independence to throw away our lives on raising a child. And while I'm certainly not immune to the occasional bout of baby fever, I wasn't going to let that dictate the direction of my life just to stave off the existential ennui.

So now here I am: trying desperately not to piss myself in the car. And for what it's worth, he seems to be at least interested in this? I can't say for sure that he's excited by it, but at the very least he's paying attention. That's a start.

I pulled into the gas station and carefully extricated myself from the car. Just like the post office, standing up after sitting down for a bit did briefly relieve the pain in my bladder. I wasted no time putting my card in the gas pump. No, I do not want to sign up for the reward plan. No, I do not want a car wash. Ugh. Finally it let me pull out the nozzle and begin fueling the car.

Oh. Oh god. What I did not anticipate was that the sound of the gasoline flowing into the tank would only further increase my growing need to pee! Ugh, I cannot win! I quickly sat back down in the car and closed the door, hoping to block out that agonizing sound. Okay, that's a little better. Now I just need to wait for it to finish and I can be on my way. I pulled out my phone to text Marv and... What's this? Ten new messages? He never sends me repeated messages like that! Did something happen? Is he alright-

Oh, that asshole! I opened my phone to find gif after gif of rushing rivers, flowing waterfalls, babbling brooks, and even one of a pitcher of lemonade pouring into a glass! The only actual message I got was a single text:

[Marv: Saw these and thought of you. 😘]

My jaw hung open at the audacity of this man! He was trying to torment me! After everything I'm already doing for him!

[Me: you're an ass]

[Marv: I don't know what you mean 😇]

[Me: bullshit]

[Marv: Such foul language! One might even say you have... Quite the Potty mouth. 😂]

I dropped my phone to the side and rubbed my temples. This man was impossible.

I stepped out of the driver's seat once again, wincing at the twinge in my bladder, and removed the nozzle of the gas pump from my car. For a moment, I gazed longingly at the gas station which no-doubt would contain a bathroom. I could walk right in there and end this agony immediately. It would be so easy.

I took one step towards the building... Before swearing under my breath and turning back to my car. I'm already finished with two of my three errands. I'm nearly done. I can make it! I will not be defeated by bottled water!

I sent Marv a quick text saying I was headed to the store, before pulling back out onto the road.

I briefly considered turning on the radio to help distract myself, but decided against it. With my luck it would be a song about oceans or rain or waterfalls or some such thing, or they'd play a beer commercial or something between songs. No, I needed to stay focused on the prize, even if that meant being constantly aware of my aching bladder.

Another twinge hit me, and I swear I nearly swerved into oncoming traffic. Instead, keeping one hand on the wheel, my other hand shot down between my legs, holding my crotch in an attempt to stop the metaphorical dam from bursting. It seemed to help, judging by the fact that my pants, car seat, and floor mats were not currently drenched in pee. Hopefully the pressure won't be as bad once I'm up and moving around since I can't just reach down and grab my crotch in the middle of a crowded grocery store!

Finally the store loomed ahead of me like an oasis in the desert. I had to remove my hand from between my legs to turn into the parking lot, but thankfully I was able to find a decently-close parking space! Maybe my luck was changing? Maybe I can make it through this without embarrassing myself after all?

I carefully climbed out of the car, took a deep breath, and began walking towards the front door. With each step, a slight twinge ran up my legs and assaulted my aching bladder. It took a concerted effort to keep my face from showing my pain. The last thing I needed right now was some random stranger asking if I was alright. Maybe I should just go home and come back out later? I know it's not exactly what the agreement was, but at this rate I don't know that I can make it through this ordeal...

I grabbed a cart and pulled out my phone as I wheeled myself towards the produce aisle. There was a text from my husband.

So help me if he sent more waterfalls... Fuck, I shouldn't have thought of that! Ugh!

[Marv: How goes it?]

Thank goodness... He's just asking for my progress.

[Me: Just got to store] then after hitting send I decided to add [I don't know if I can make it]

His reply came as I was placing a bunch of bananas in the cart.

[Marv: 🤭Well you know, if you're afraid of having an accident... Diapers are in aisle #5 😛]

I had to stop myself from face-palming right there in the store.

[Me: ha ha not funny]

[Marv: It's a *little* funny 🤣]

[Me: You're really enjoying this huh?]

His reply didn't come immediately. In fact, I was halfway through aisle #3 when my phone buzzed again.

[Marv: You tell me. 😘]

Then a photo came through, and I nearly gasped and dropped my phone at what I saw.

He had pointed the phone camera straight down at his grey sweat pants, the front of which was very obviously bulging outward! He was hard as a rock!

My fingers scrambled across the keyboard [Marvin! I am in public!]

His response was short and sweet: [I know 😈😘]

I looked back and forth to make sure nobody was glancing over my shoulder. Marvin had NEVER sent me a dick pic before! Wait, did this technically count as a dick pic? Like sure, he's technically still fully clothed, but you can see his... His... His bulge!

He really WAS into this!

A sudden stabbing pain in my bladder reminded me that I was on an ever-shortening timer against my own body. I had to hurry if I wanted to make it home without pissing all over my jeans!

I hobbled my way to the meat section, not caring how ridiculous my walk may have looked to any passers-by, and grabbed the first package of steak I could get my hands on. Now's not the time to be picky. Next, a gallon of milk, some butter, a loaf of bread... Fuck, I'm not gonna make it if I stay here much longer! Okay okay, just breathe... I'll just head to the checkout now. I can come back tomorrow if I have to. After all, I didn't say I would do ALL of the grocery shopping today. Ha! I should've been a lawyer.

I made my way towards the express checkout... Shit! There's like four people in line! Why did there have to be so many people here on a Thursday afternoon!? I looked around to see if there were any shorter lines. No luck. With no other choice I queued up in the express line.

I didn't care that I was practically hopping from one foot to the other the whole time I was in line. My bladder ached so badly, I briefly wondered if there were health risks involved in this little challenge. Could my bladder *actually* burst from holding it too long? I was afraid to try and Google that. No, I'm sure Marv wouldn't have suggested this if there was any chance of it leading to injury... I hope.

Finally after what felt like an eternity in line, I was able to put my groceries on the conveyor belt. I felt like everyone was staring at me like I must be high on drugs or something with how jittery and twitchy I was. Or maybe my brain was just being paranoid. I didn't care. I just wanted to pay for my things and get out of here before I had an accident-

"Do you have a rewards card, ma'am?"

I nearly jumped out of my skin at the sudden interruption to my inner monologue. "Wha-? O-oh, uhh yes here." I riffled through my purse and pulled out the store's reward card, swiping it on the pinpad before finishing out the transaction with my credit card.

With the groceries paid for and receipt in hand, I tucked my proverbial tail between my legs and shuffled my way out of the store. That was so humiliating... But at least I didn't piss myself at checkout. Small victories, I suppose.

I haphazardly threw my groceries into the backseat of the car, shoved the cart into the nearest cart return--which by pure happenstance, I had managed to park right next to--before climbing into the driver's seat and putting the keys in the ignition.

Oh god... I can't do this. The pressure is just too... Too...

I shoved my hand down between my legs just before I had very nearly lost control. But with my hand thoroughly planted against my crotch, I just barely managed to stop myself from peeing my pants. Fuck, that was close... I needed to get home ASAP!

I backed out of the parking space and pulled out onto the road--a somewhat challenging task with one hand desperately pressed between my thighs, but since that was the only thing keeping me from pissing myself, I would have to drive home one-handed. “Okay Allison, calm down. You can do this. Plenty of people drive with only one hand... I think. Probably. And I guess I'm talking to myself now? Sure, that's perfectly normal.”

Unfortunately, whatever good luck had allowed me to find such a great parking space had evidently run out on me after leaving the grocery store. I swear, I hit every light red, got stuck behind every old granny driving ten-under, and at one point got stopped behind a school bus! “Ugghhh! This is why I am never having children! Hurry up, hurry up! Fuck fuck fuck fuck shit shit mother fucking... Fuck!!!”

At long last my driveway loomed ahead, and it was like finding an oasis in... Wait, I already used that analogy, didn't I? Nevermind, doesn't matter. “Okay okay, almost there, come on come on come on!” I parked the car, turned the key to the off position, and scrambled for my seat belt like I was on fire. I'd bring the groceries in later after I made it inside and got my relief!

I leapt out of the car and hobbled my way towards the front door, one hand still pressed between my legs in a desperate attempt to stave off the accident I was mere moments away from having. “Almost… There… please… Just a… little… Further… Now…” I reached the front door and tried to put my key in the lock, but my hands were so shake that I fucking dropped them on the ground!

I stared at the keys for a moment. Could I actually bend over with all this pressure on my bladder? Should I knock on the door and have Marv come let me in? Is the door even locked? I felt paralyzed with indecision and pain.

Suddenly the door opened and there stood my husband, smiling. "Hey honey. How was your outing?"

This man. I could kiss him. I could kill him. My savoir and my tormentor all rolled into one. I let out the breath I didn't even know I was holding. “H-hey Marv. Can you please move-”

“You dropped your keys.” He interrupted.”

“I-I know! Now can you-”

“Here, I got it.” he said, bending down to retrieve them. He was still blocking the doorway!

“MARVIN PLEASE!” I shouted in a final, desperate attempt to get him to move out of the way before-

The dam burst.

My face contorted in a silent gasp as I felt the hand between my legs suddenly grow warm. I pulled my hand away. Wet. A dark spot was rapidly growing in the front of my jeans. "No no no no no..." I whispered a lament as I helplessly flooded my pants right there on the threshold of my house.

Right in front of my husband.

My initial moment of terror was replaced by one of absolute, almost orgasmic relief. The agony I had been in for so, so long was suddenly gone. All of that pain and tension pouring out of my body and trickling down my legs, seeping into my shoes, and pooling in a puddle at my feet. It kept gushing out of me like a waterfall for what may have been full minutes, but certainly felt like hours to my mind. I was powerless to do anything but piss. And piss and piss in volumes I had never thought possible for my body to produce.

Eventually my body finally ran out of pee. I looked down to see my absolutely soaked jeans, feeling the squelch of my wet socks, and smelling like... Well, like you'd expect to smell after pissing yourself! I was so close... I almost made it...

A tear unexpectedly slipped down my cheek. I couldn't believe I had just pissed my pants like a toddler, right out in the open, in front of my husband. I don't recall ever feeling quite this much shame at any other point in my life...

A hand reached out and caressed my cheek, brushing the tear away with a gentle thumb swipe. "Hey now, don't cry. We wouldn't want you to have red eyes at Amore Mio, now would we?"

Wait, what?

I looked up and locked eyes with Marv, "B-b-but... I Lost... The deal was-"

"The deal never mattered." he interrupted, "I was always going to take you out to your favorite restaurant regardless of whether you 'won' the challenge or not."

I blinked up at him, still so confused and maybe a little disoriented, "You were...?"

He smiled at me--that special smile that only he could muster that always sent butterflies into my stomach, "I realized about halfway through your first errand that I wanted to reward you no matter what happened. You did this whole crazy, weird fetish thing to please me, and I want to return the favor because I love you."

This man... How did I get so lucky? "I should probably take a shower then..."

"Not just yet," he said before his arms reached out and grabbed me, sweeping me off my feet and pulling me to his body. Instinctively I wrapped my legs around him, which only served to remind me that I was covered in pee and, now, so was he. "Whoa! What are you doing!?" I gasped once I found my voice again. He hasn't manhandled me like this in years.

He nudged the front door shut before spinning on his heels and carrying me down the hall, "Before we do anything, my dear, I am taking you to the bedroom and fucking your brains out."

My jaw hung open. He was never this forceful with me! I was still so disoriented from the experience. I was struggling to comprehend what was happening. All I could manage was a timid "O-okay."


