Miss, please!

Author: Wolf-93

*000*2012-01-01 17:52

This is a sequel to 'Things that happen during the night'. That one can be read here: http://omorashi.org/...ring-the-night/

This story involves male desperation and wetting. Also a lot of romance and such, so don't read if you don't like that.

Miss, please!

It had been several weeks after our trip to London. School had started again and we had to work hard, for the exams were getting closer and closer. I was quite nervous about it, for I didn’t study enough. I just couldn’t concentrate on my work. In class I often fell asleep or I just started daydreaming. This mostly happened during English class, because Amy was my teacher. After what had happened we hadn’t really talked anymore. The sex was great, but I didn’t think we would get into a relationship together. She was way too old.

Today’s subject wasn’t too interesting. Amy interested me, but the rain that splashed against the windows interested me as well. I dreamed about having sex with Amy in the rain. It seemed like a brilliant something. Secretly it made my cock twitch a bit. I rested my hand on my crotch, just to make sure nobody would notice I was getting turned on. Another reason I rested my hand on my crotch, was that I needed to pee quite badly. I already needed to go before English class started, but I decided I would be able to wait. Extremely stupid, because if I couldn’t wait, I would be in trouble. Amy would never allow me to use the bathroom during class. Or would she? I decided to try and just ask. I raised my hand and waited until Amy turned to me.

‘’Miss, may I go to the lavatory, please?’’

The question was asked in my most polite way. For a moment she looked at me in a special way. I wondered what she was thinking. Was she thinking back to the days we had sex in London? Or was she planning on some new events? I hoped for both actually. Though, at the moment, I also hoped she would just allow me to use the bathroom. My bladder started to hurt pretty badly!

‘’Liam, I am sure you can wait until the end of class.’’

That’s that. She turned back to her lecture again and left me sitting there with my legs pressed to each other. I really had to go!

Time ticked by. I tried to concentrate, but failed. Amy told us we had to study our English words, because we would get an important test in about two weeks. While staring at my words, I wondered how long class would take. I carefully took my mobile phone out of my pocket to see what time it was.

‘’Liam, what are you doing?’’

Amy was hovered over my desk and had her eyes fixed on mine. Then she looked at my mobile phone. I was flabbergasted. She wouldn’t take my phone from me now, would she?

‘’Give me your phone, please. And see me after class, I want to have a word with you.’’

Sighing I handed over my phone and crossed my legs after that. At least I knew what time it was now. It would take another ten minutes until class would end. Sadly enough Amy wanted to see me after class, so I at least had to wait about twenty minutes until I would be excused. Luckily this was my last period, so I didn’t have to be on time in another lesson. I would have loads of time to relieve my bladder after this.

The bell rang. I was frozen in my seat. I felt like I would pee my pants as soon as I would stand. When everybody had left, I was still sitting there. Amy closed the door of the room and coughed. When I looked up, she stood there smiling. She was playing with my mobile phone. Hopefully she wouldn’t drop it.

‘’Nice phone you have here…’’

‘’It is. Can I have it back, please?’’

Amy grinned and walked towards her desk. She put the phone on it and walked over to my desk. My bladder was screaming to be released. Carefully I crossed my legs the other way and rested my hands on my crotch. This time I secretly pinched on the end of my cock, hoping it would release some of the pressure. It helped for a few seconds, but then my need became even worse. I felt a spurt of pee travel down my penis. Before I could register it, I felt my boxer shorts became wet. I was wearing red ones today. Silently I cursed, but I was sure Amy had heard me.

‘’Miss, please, I have to pee really urgently. Can I have my phone back and leave?’’

Again that intimidating smile of her! It started to frustrate me to no end. Carefully I got up. Another spurt of pee escaped, but after that I felt in control again. I would get my phone back after this. First, I had to pee like mad. If I didn’t get to a toilet now, I would completely lose it. Quickly I walked to the door. Before I could open it, Amy grabbed me and pushed me against her. I couldn’t fight it. I wanted her to touch me.

‘’Liam, can you hang on for another twenty minutes?’’

‘’Uhm, maybe…’’

‘’Good, come with me… And don’t forget to act normal.’’

She opened the door of the classroom, grabbed her stuff and together we walked out. We walked out of the building. While doing so, I had a hard time containing my need to urinate. Once I had to grab myself because I thought I might lose it. Amy walked towards a car, opened it and commanded me to get in. I sat down in the passengers-seat next to her and we drove away. I didn’t know where we were going and I didn’t care, as long as there was a toilet available. Something else to relieve myself would be fine as well. A tree would do.

I was sweating like mad during our little car trip. My bladder was hurting terribly and I felt helpless. Amy was completely in control now, because she was driving. If she wanted to continue driving, she would. But she couldn’t. I was about to pee in her car!

‘’Miss, please… Can you stop, like now? I’m going to pee myself!’’

‘’Don’t worry, we’re almost there.’’

I grabbed my penis and hoped that almost would really mean almost. At that moment, the car stopped in front of a house. We arrived at her place I supposed. She got out of the car and I also tried to get out. When I set foot out of the car, I felt I lost control. Pee started to spurt out of my penis. I moaned and tears welled up in my eyes. I wasn’t able to move. Amy grabbed me and took me inside, while my pants got more and more wet. When she closed the door of her house behind us, I was peeing my jeans full-force. Soon I was standing in a puddle of urine. It smelled terribly and I felt like a complete fool.

‘’Liam, come with me.’’

Amy talked to me in a polite way. She probably felt a bit awkward as well. Slowly I followed her into a room. I left a trail of pee, but I couldn’t be too bothered. It was her fault I pissed my jeans. Soon we arrived at her bathroom. There was a bathtub, a toilet and a shower. All were made out of white porcelain. It all looked very luxurious.

‘’You can take a shower here. Towels are in the drawer next to the bathtub. Make yourself comfortable.’’

I nodded, kicked my shoes of and started to undo my trousers. When I dropped the wet fabric on the floor, Amy picked them up. I turned around and looked up at her. My boxer shorts were soaking wet. I noticed she looked at them before she looked at my face.

‘’Can you take them off, please? I want to wash them.’’

Immediately I took my underwear off and handed it over. She then walked out of the bathroom. I threw my shirt on the floor, took a towel out of the closet and then stepped into the shower. I sighed deeply and let the stress wash off my shoulders.

Soon Amy was with me in the bathroom again. She walked over to the toilet, lifted her skirt, dropped her panties and sat down. Then she started peeing. Immediately I got hard. Because I was in the shower, I let my right hand fist my cock and started stroking myself. It didn’t take very long to get to an orgasm. When I came all over myself, amy flushed the toilet and walked over to the shower. She opened the glass door and smiled at me. I turned off the tap and she handed me a towel. I wrapped myself in it and stepped out of the shower. Amy wrapped her arms around me and kissed my neck. She dried me with the towel and put my shirt back on. Together we walked towards her living room. It was a rather cozy room with a lot of dark colors. I liked it. There stood a black couch. On it laid animal-printed plaids. Also she had a huge television and a cute table in front of it.

‘’Want to watch a movie?’’

I had to laugh a bit; for it was rather awkward I didn’t have pants on. Together we sat down on the couch. She wrapped one of the plaids around me and held me close to her body. We drank tea and watched a romantic comedy we picked out together. Soon Amy handed over my phone again so I could tell my parents I would stay at a friend’s house that night.

I fell asleep on the couch. Nothing spectacular happened that night. I actually didn’t feel like it, so I was glad nothing happened. When I woke up next morning, my boxer short and jeans were laying on the table next to the couch. Carefully I got up and put the clean and dry boxer short and jeans on. She obviously washed them.

I walked towards the bathroom to relieve my bladder. My morning pee always had been rather urgent. Of course I had a hard one as well, but that mostly would pass if I didn’t think about it too much. I wondered where Amy was.

After I relieved myself, I walked towards the kitchen. Amy was standing there, boiling eggs. Brilliant Saturday-morning… I stared at her for a while. She then turned around and smiled at me. I walked over and kissed her, for I couldn’t resist.

We had breakfast after that and I felt perfect. I hoped this would happen more often. Of course this was all very surreal, but I liked it. I longed for more days like this.

