Tracy’s torrential travel

Author: writtingnow21

*000*2022-07-01 02:21

Tracy’s Torrential travels

Tracy was super excited about her trip to the beach. She loved the beach but hadn’t been in so long so she was look king forward to the trip with great excitement even though it was just for a day. She put on her bikini and over that, a pair of high rise, button-fly blue-jean shorts and a t-shirt. She was going with her friend Lauren and her brother (who she had a crush on) Ethan.

Tracy had gotten a new bikini for the occasion, a light blue that matched well with her eyes. As she waited for Lauren to get come pick her up she fixed her long, dirty-blond hair in the mirror putting it in a loose bun on top of her head. She had just finished tying her shirt off at the waist when She heard the honk of Lauren’s car outside.

Tracy ran out to the car, grabbing the 12 pack of hard seltzer she had for the beach. “Hey girl , you ready?” Lauren asked excitedly

“Fuck yeah” Tracy replied throwing her best smile at Ethan who was in the passenger seat.

It was a two hour drive to the beach from Tracy’s place, during the drive she put her seltzers in the ice chest Lauren had brought, noticing Lauren had 24 seltzers of her own.

They ride went by pretty quickly, even with Tracy trying not to blatantly stare at Ethan.

When the three got to the beach and parked, Tracy grabbed the ice chest and tried not to blush when Ethan offered help, which she accepted.

@@They spread their towels under an umbrella. After a while of relaxing and chatting, during which Tracy had about three seltzers, Tracy decided to go for a swim. She stood up, removed her t-shirt and slowly unbuttoned and slid her shorts off, showing off her shapely figure (and putting on what she hoped was a good show for Ethan who had modestly looked away). She, Ethan and Lauren ran and played around in the surf, splashing each other and having a good time. Tracy eventually felt a slight need to pee but didn’t think about it. Eventually Lauren got distracted by a dude she started to flirt with and Tracy decided to sit and cool off for a bit. While she rested, she drank a few more seltzers then, feeling a bit buzzed, grabbed a bottle of water from the cooler to sip on. She noticed Ethan had joined a game of beach volleyball and was enjoying watching. She dozed off slightly and was woken by the sound of thunder, sure enough big dark clouds were forming in the sky and soon the rain started. Tracy’s bikini was still wet but not soaked so she got dressed. Lauren and Ethan ran up and they brought everything back to the car.

25 minutes into the trip home, Tracy’s bladder made itself known. “Oh no” she thought “I haven’t peed since I woke up this morning” she had been distracted and hadn’t thought about it until then. Tracy discreetly crossed her legs and put her hands in her lap, thinking she’d be fine holding it until she got home.

Her need to pee increased and she felt her bladder filling up. The rain was coming down fast and the sound of it hitting the window was not helping her. She shifted in her seat feeling the tight shorts and seatbelt starting to press into her bladder. Tracy was given hope when Lauren commented “I need to get some gas” and Ethan pointed at a sign and said “the last stop for an hour and half is up there” they pulled in to the gas station and Tracy said “I’m going to the restroom” Ethan commented “I gotta go too”

The restroom was one of the ones outside the building and so they went around, Tracy had to fight to walk normally, her urge to pee had grown significantly and she saw Ethan seemed to be urgent too. When they got to the door, Ethan said “you go first” so she tried the door and found it wouldn’t open, Ethan tried too with the same result. That’s when they saw the out of order sign on the door. “Hey Tracy, I’m sorry but I really need it, can you turn around?” Tracy knew what Ethan was going to do, she turned around, subtly grabbing her crotch and shifting.

The sound of Ethan’s stream made her own need grow, she crossed her legs where she stood and squeezed them together. The sound of his urine hissing out and hitting the side of the building along with his sigh of relief was agonizing. After what felt like 2 minutes the sound stopped and Ethan said “if you need I can stand guard, I won’t look”. Tracy blushed and said “I’ll be ok I think, I’m fine” they walked back to the car and Lauren asked “all good”

“Yeah” Tracy lied, she had never felt this desperate before, her bladder was noticeably bulging. They got back in the car and started off again. Tracy was fidgeting a lot and her need was still growing as she thought “why’d I have to drink so many seltzers” she kept crossing and uncrossing her legs. As if saying it would help it, Tracy said “the damn restroom was out of order, I haven’t gone all day” Ethan glanced back apologetically. Lauren said “try not to pee in my car” Tracy forces a laugh and, now that she didn’t have to hide her need, grabbed her crotch with both hands and squeezed her crossed legs extra tight.

30 minutes later, Tracy was squirming around urgently, bouncing slightly in a seated form of the “I need to pee” dance. That’s when they hit heavy traffic, there must’ve been a wreck ahead and so traffic slowed to a bumper to bumper crawl. “Ohhhhh” Tracy moaned desperately

“You ok Tracy?” Lauren asked

“I really really have to pee” she groaned. Then she had an idea, she undid the top 3 buttons on her shorts to alleviate some pressure. This helped. “Hang in there Tracy, we’ll find a place to stop”

Tracy could only nod, her focus was on making sure her throbbing urethra was closed tightly. She was scooting back and forth in her seat, squeezing her crossed legs, when Lauren hit a bump. Tracy yelped when she felt the brief jolt and gasped as she felt herself leak. She regained control and looked down to see a small patch between her legs. Soon they were back to normal driving speed.

Tracy looked at Ethan and started thinking about him to distract herself but then her mind wandered to the rest stop earlier and him peeing and she felt her bladder throb, she gasped and redoubled her effort to hold but not before she felt 2 big leaks spurt into her bikini bottom and shorts. The patch at her crotch had grown. “We need to stop soon, I just leaked” Tracy said, panicking.

“Hold on girl” Lauren said.

Ethan watched Tracy through the rearview mirror, she was obviously bursting at this point, he watched discretely as the beauty lady, shifted in her seat, at one point as she re-crossed her legs he saw the wet patch and thought “if she wets herself I’ll feel guilty” but he also was aroused, seeing her grabbing her crotch, shifting, fidgeting. Then he saw her undo another button on her shorts, enough for him to glimpse the blue bikini she had on underneath. “Hey Tracy, can you hand me a water from the ice chest?”

“Sure” she used the hand not between her legs to open the ice chest and dig around for the water

Most of the ice had melted by this point and the sound of water sloshing in the chest made tracy think of the liquid sloshing in her bladder. She handed him the water, their hands brushed as she passed it to him. She blushed and saw he was smiling at her through the reflection in the mirror. “Oh please don’t let me piss myself in front of him”

Ethan subtly adjusted an erection so nobody could tell.He watched Tracy fighting her bladder. Tracy bent double in her seat yelping desperately, the wet patch grew as a really big leak pushed through her urethra. This time it was harder to regain control. “We need to stop I leaked again!”

“Hang on sis! I’m trying to find a spot” Ethan searched for the nearest rest place to stop on his phone. They found one not too far away. As the pulled up to the place (a McDonald’s). Tracy hopped out. She hobbled desperately to the restaurant and tried the door, it was locked, a worker inside said “we’re closed sorry”

“Oooooo” Tracy groaned. She got back in the car, her bladder throbbing

“Just go pop a squat” said Lauren

“Someone might see”

“Alright well, there’s another gas station 15 minutes away we’ll try there” Lauren said “sit on a towel in the meantime, don’t want my seats ruined”

Ethan watched Tracy fold a towel and sit on it.

Tracy was holding her crotch with both hands and bouncing slightly in her seat, when they hit another bump. Two spurts escaped and the wet spot grew slightly larger and the force of the spurts was audible. Ethan was extremely aroused hearing Tracy moan. her shorts had ridden up a good amount and he was able to see up them a bit. Tracy suddenly gasped as back to back leaks happened, it got to the point where a puddle formed on her lap, she regained control and shifted so the pee that escaped went into the towel. Finally they got to the gas station and Tracy darted off.

Ethan said to Lauren “imma go too” he got out and went to where the restroom was and saw Tracy frantically pulling at the door. Her face was red and she was grabbing herself and doing a full blown desperation dance. She looked at him and said “oh god I have to pee so bad and it’s occupied, I don’t think-“ he saw her cross her legs and then the wet spot on her crotch started to spread.

Tracy knew she was past her limit, she was about to lose control, but she was able to stop the flow again. Ethan walked up and pounded on the door “hurry up!” He yelled

“Piss off” a voice yelled from inside

Tracy was super close to Ethan now, he could feel her breath when she spoke urgently “it’s about to come ouuut” the smell of urine was faint but present

“Let’s go around back so you can pop a squat, I won’t let anyone see” he put a hand on her lower back and walked with her to the back of the building. as they turned the corner, she started peeing herself full force.

“Nooooo” Tracy groaned as the dark wet spot spread between her legs, and across her butt. He turned to him as she pushed her shorts to her knees, not caring that he’d see, and then she leaned against the wall as the stream burst out of her, through her bikini, gushing powerfully against the nearby dumpster.

Ethan who actually also needed to go decided to do the same, he started peeing with her. She was still going when he finished, her eyes closed in relief. Whe the stream slowly started to subside, she looked at Ethan and noticed he had just finished peeing. She said “well I guess I embarrassed myself already but here goes, I have a crush on you but I’m sure seeing me pee all over myself like this made you lose any interest-“

“Nope, I like you”

“Oh..” The last drops of pee finally dropped out of her. As she was about to pull the shorts into place, he walked up to her and kissed her, pressing himself into her pee-soaked bikini. She was hesitant at first but accepted quickly, relaxing into him, she reached into his swim trunks and felt his hard-on. She slid her bikini to the side as they kissed and he slipped inside of her

After they finished doing the deed, they both “accidentally” fell into a puddle. When they got back to the car, Lauren irritably said “took you long enough, I’m bursting here” and ran off. They looked at each other and laughed.

*003*2022-07-02 05:01

How to change text color?

*004*2022-07-02 05:08

{{On 6/30/2022 at 10:41 PM, LifeIsStrange said:

Good story, wish the text wasn't black though.

}}

I fixed it

