Coming and Growing (Bree & Tam #5)

Author: Weasel

*000*2021-08-21 03:28

Hey y'all! I'm trying to finish their story quickly before my work starts getting busy again.

Not much sex in this particular installment, but there will be a lot as this story goes on.

###

“Not long now!” said Granny Zhao. “You will be full of happiness soon, yes!”

I’m already getting a little full of something, Bree thought. But yeah. Full of happiness, too.

Thirty hours on the road, mostly in cramped and crowded buses. Thirty hours. She’d be ecstatic about getting off the bus even if it weren’t Tam meeting her. But now that she was only an hour away, the excitement was fighting her tiredness. A few minutes before she’d gotten a text from Tam:

On my way to the bus station

She’d texted back at once:

YAY

—but then thought about it more.

How long does it take to get to your place?

It’s like a half-hour ride.

I’m just going early because I don’t want to miss any connections.

Least of all with you!

Half an hour? So that meant an hour and a half to get to his place. Probably a bit more, since they’d have to wait a bit. And then more time at the house… two hours? I can do it.

She was calculating times because she was feeling the beginnings of a need to pee, naturally. And the bus she was on did have a bathroom. But that would mean (a) wasting the pee and its delightful internal pressure on her clit, (b) using that dark, smelly, deeply unpleasant bus bathroom, and (c) asking Granny Zhao to stand up, twice.

Granny Zhao had been with her for a good chunk of the way. Her English was a little shaky, but she was a sweetheart, and quite chatty. A vastly superior traveling companion than some of the denizens of the bus system. Talking to each other, Bree had quickly realized, meant that other passengers were less likely to bug either one of them. And they’d had plenty to talk about.

But Granny was a little shaky on her feet, too. And prone to napping. Between the two, Bree had been reluctant to ask her to stand up while the bus was moving. So she’d felt a little need for the bathroom for the last hour. Two more hours to go? Well, she was good at holding. I got this.

And besides, if it got too bad, she’d just pee at the bus station. She probably wouldn’t really need the pee to get her turned on, considering she’d be arm and arm with Tam from then on.

So she just kept chatting with Granny Zhao, about so many things—Granny had left China decades ago and lived all over the country, and had a large family, and had worked in five or six different jobs, and all in all never ran out of material. Occasionally it took some time to find the right word, but that could be funny too.

Granny’s chatter was so engrossing, Bree at first didn’t even notice that they’d slowed down. But soon it became obvious: they’d hit traffic. It was stop-and-go traffic, although with more “go” than “stop.” But with the timeline suddenly in doubt, Bree began to suspect she’d be using the bathroom at the bus station after all.

The traffic slowed a bit more as they got closer. Bree kept Tam updated with steady complaints. But then at last they were off the highway and rumbling along city streets, and she knew it wouldn’t be long now. Her bladder was still a factor, but now it was mostly bumping up her desire levels. Which were already sky-high.

I get to see Tam, I get to see Tam, I get to see Tam!

I get to fuck Tam! For real! In, like, an hour!

She was so horny, and so excited, that Granny Zhao had to say goodbye to her twice before it sank in that they were arriving. Granny cackled and patted Bree on the cheek and said, “Go see your handsome man!”

“I will,” Bree said, heart lurching into overdrive at the thought.

Under other circumstances, waiting for the aisle to clear to get off a bus while needing to pee could be downright agony. This time it was agonizing but just for the delay. It was a matter of literally seconds until she could see her lover, and people were going soooo slooooowly.

Until they weren’t! Everyone ahead of her was either off or moving to the door, and all she had to do was follow, and then she was down the steps (a little jolting in her groin, but that was fine, just ramping up her passion more), and then she was actually in the bus station and there he was

- arms flung around each other

- sweeping him up off his feet to kiss him

- and kiss him

- only letting him down because her arms were aching

“Oh my god, you’re here,” she breathed.

“You’re here,” he countered. “I’ve been here all along. Especially since you’re a little late…”

“It’s not my fault!”

“Didn’t say it was, but it does mean we need to hurry. Got everything?”

“Just the one bag…”

“Then let’s go!”

“Where are we going and why are we running?” she gasped, as he hurried her across the station.

“We might catch the next train to my part of town. But it’s due right now.”

So much for peeing here. Ah well, so much the better.

They pelted through the station, dodging other travelers, down escalators, out into the open air, along a street (Bree growing slightly more desperate with every thudding step), into another building, around pillars, and then—skidding to a stop as Tam swore.

“What?”

“There it goes.”

And indeed, a train was pulling away.

“So now we wait? For how long?”

“That one comes every hour and a half. So what we’re gonna do instead…” And, still holding her by the hand, he switched directions but kept on hurrying.

So wait, do I get to pee here or not?

“We’ll take the subway and then walk the rest of the way. It’ll take a little longer as the train would have, but not as long as waiting for the next direct,” Tam explained breathlessly.

“Not as long is good,” Bree said.

And they just caught the subway train he wanted, by sprinting the last few yards, and flung themselves down onto an open seat, gasping and giggling.

Bree was relieved to sit down and take in her lover’s presence. All the running had been increasingly hard on her, jostling her filling bladder like mad. But now she could sit and gaze at him and let her arousal sweep over her, letting the fullness do its thing and press down hard on her clit.

“You know what I just thought of?” Tam said.

“No, what?”

“What everyone at the bus station must have thought.”

“Huh?”

“You get off the bus… we make out like crazy… and then we sprint off.”

She blushed beet red. “Oh.”

“Totally fine, you know? PDA is almost expected at airports and bus stations.”

“That’s true.” She set her GGG shoulders. “And sprinting off to, um, say hi properly is literally what we’re doing. So they thought right.”

He grinned. “ ‘Say hi properly’? Is that what they’re calling it these days?”

“That’s what I’m calling it on a subway train,” she said, resolutely.

“Fair enough.”

“Besides, they probably know perfectly well about making connection trains.”

“True.”

“And it’s either that or we were running for the bathroom,” she added.

“Sorry, I didn’t even think to ask!”

“It’s fine,” she said, nonchalantly. “Better than fine, actually…”

“That so?” he asked, quirking an eyebrow upward.

“So.” But then she added, “How long is this train ride?”

“Fifteen minutes or so.”

“Oh, that’s not bad at all. And then how long of a walk after?”

“Um… not sure, actually. It’s been a while since I walked from this line.”

Except, of course, that it wasn’t just fifteen minutes on the subway. A few stops further along, their train ground to a halt. Nothing wrong with their train; the conductor announced that the train ahead of them had a medical emergency on board. It only added a few minutes to their trip after all, but Bree was falling prey to a common human experience: trips feel longer when you haven’t been to a place before. And Bree was feeling every delay in exactly one place in her body.

It was a complicated place, though. She was getting really desperate to pee; but she was also ecstatic to have Tam beside her. Pressure in bladder; pressure on clit. Uncertainty about how long she’d have to keep holding; certainty that her man was beside her, here, with her, touching her, holding her hand. (They weren’t making out constantly, but oh god, did she ever wish they could be.) She crossed her legs, subtly rubbing them together. It was a good compromise move for both her desires.

Finally, finally, they hit the last station on the subway line and took the escalator up to street level.

“Huh!” Tam said, as they surfaced. “That’s a bus route I use sometimes, it goes right by my house. I wonder if one’s coming soon?”

Yes please, yes please, yes please…

He inspected the schedule posted on the bus stop sign. “It’s every half an hour. About another fifteen minutes’ wait.” He looked at her. “Wait, or walk?”

Ooof. Tough call. My god, I gotta pee. Getting my hopes up and smashing them again, over and over! But I gotta hold it. I am so turned on right now…

I can’t stand waiting. “Walk.”

He held out a hand. “Let’s go.”

A few minutes later, she was nearly convinced she’d made a terrible mistake. Not only was every step now sloshing her bladder—not just running, but ordinary walking was hard now—Tam clearly felt a little unsure of the way he needed to go. Which she could understand! Boston streets seemed to run at all different angles, and also seemed to change names. Tam felt sure they were headed in the right direction, but he kept making comments like, “Hmm, this feels very familiar,” and “Well, it probably doesn’t matter,” and “We just need to find the main road,” which didn’t fill her heart with glee or certainty. And with every step, the pressure grew.

Finally he stopped and looked around. “We’ve got to be close,” he said.

“Tam?” Bree said.

“Hmm?”

“Lover, I really, really need to pee. Like, I can’t wait much longer.”

“We’re almost there.”

“It’s starting to get real bad, hon.”

He drew in a deep breath. “And we don’t want you to start this week off by wetting your pants.”

“Really not. Especially since these are the only pants I brought.”

“Understood.” He pointed in the direction they’d been walking. “We just gotta keep going. Either we’ll hit the main drag, or…”

Or I’ll wet my pants right before my first chance to really have sex with my boyfriend.

No. Not gonna happen. Gotta hold it.

How much longer can it be?

Suddenly he laughed.

“What?”

“Up ahead? That’s the station where we should have gotten off, if we’d caught that first train. I know where we are now!”

“Did we come too far?” Bree said, thinking, I am not gonna strangle my boyfriend, I am not gonna strangle my boyfriend—not in public, anyway…

“Very slightly. We’ll just turn here and my house is two blocks away.”

“Oh thank god.”

He squeezed her hand. “Everything’s gonna be all right,” he promised.

“I know. But can we hurry?”

They hurried.

One long block down a tree-lined street—one long block down a busy main road—two blocks’ worth of walking where every step was getting painful—two blocks’ worth of Is this his house? No, guess not. Please let it be the next one…

“Here we are!”

A three-story building, three mailboxes by the front door. (“I’ll get the mail later,” he said to himself.) Three apartments? Probably. Waiting for Tam to fish out the key—squirming all the while. So close, so close…

“We’re second floor,” Tam said apologetically.

“Just one flight of steps? Not too bad.”

“Yeah, but we get sound from above and below.”

“Oh.” Bree understood all about sound leaking in a house. But somehow it was different when it was strangers, not family. Somehow it was different when the sounds in question might be sex…

Up the stairs. Another short wait as Tam got the door to his apartment unlocked (“Sorry, the key sticks sometimes. You just gotta know the trick”). And then finally—

“Good,” he said. “My roommate's not home. We’ve got the place to ourselves for a while.”

Oh, right. The roommate…

“Kitchen on the left, obviously. Bathroom is right around the corner, here. And my room’s at the end of the hall.” He took both of her hands in his. He looked… shy? “Where to first?”

Dear holy god, more decisions?

He’s trying to be nice. Making me feel at home. So I gotta decide.

Do I have time to have sex before I wet my pants? I can barely think…

“Your room.”

He grinned. “Follow me.”

The door clicked shut behind them. She glanced around his room but could barely take it in: posters on the walls, two windows with the blinds down, that was all she could make out, especially since the blinds weren’t letting in much light. She picked him up and swung him around to the bed, so they could make out at the same height. His arms wrapped around her, and his hands slid under her shirt. She didn’t need any more encouragement than that; she immediately pulled it off. Their hands were everywhere, his shirt was coming off too, they crashed down on the bed together, kissing every moment…

Holy shit, is he sexy.

Holy shit do I gotta go.

Can’t hold it…

I should—

- no time

She had to grab, had to cross her legs over her hand, and—worst of all—she had to break the kiss. “Tam?”

“Yeah?”

“I am so so so so sorry, but I am about to explode…”

“I thought you might need to go.”

“On beyond needing to go. I can’t wait.”

“Silly. That’s why I showed you where the bathroom is first thing. That’s why I asked.”

“But we’re supposed to have sex first thing. That’s what long distance couples do.”

“Hey, hey, hey. No pressure. We’ve got days and days.”

“No pressure except in my bladder.”

“And no pressure for you to hold it. Whatever you want.”

“I wanna have sex with you, I just gotta pee first.”

“And there’s nothing wrong with that.”

“Good. ‘Cause I think I’m leaking…”

“Go, go!”

She went. Didn’t stop to put her shirt back on, either. Just bolted. Flung his door open, dashed, flung the bathroom door closed. Fumbled for the light. Flung the door back open so she could find the lightswitch. (Legs double-crossed by now. Bent over. Seconds left.) Door closed again. Turn to the toilet, unzipping as she did…

Oh my GOD that is filthy

That is seriously the grossest toilet I’ve ever seen

Do they even know what soap is

The first spurt hit her panties. She flung her shorts down, her mind still racing: I don’t even want my butt to touch that… Pee in the shower? No, eww, it’s pretty disgusting too—OH SHIT

Big spurt this time. Two big spurts. No time left. Fling up the seat, whirl around, drop the panties, hover over the toilet, then pee—

—Is what she meant to do.

She flung the seat up, all right. It bounced back and caught her on the butt as she was whirling around. The panties didn’t drop in time, not completely. And the hovering was interrupted by the toilet lid’s unexpected rebound. She was only half-crouched. But the pee came pouring out just the same.

After ten seconds she managed to squeeze it off. Well, squeeze it down to a trickle. She inspected the damage. She’d almost gotten the panties down enough; only the elastic waistband was in the way. But since that was enough, the rest of the cotton cloth was soaked through. It was hard to peel them down the rest of the way, especially while she was still going. She lowered herself a bit more, leaning on the sink with one arm, and let the rest out.

Oh god. Oh god. Oh my god. I haven’t been in his apartment two minutes and I peed my panties. What am I gonna do?

She inspected the damage a bit more. Miraculously her shorts (down around her ankles) had been largely spared. Just a small damp spot where the soaked panties had dropped on top of them.

Okay. Calm down. Gonna be okay.

She straightened up. Wiped off with a lot of toilet paper. Got her panties off and rinsed them in the sink (huh, maybe I should have pissed in here). Pulled her shorts up (some people go commando on purpose, right?). And then, soaked-but-cleaner panties bunched in her hand and wearing nothing but shorts and a bra, she peeked out of the bathroom—coast was clear—hurried to Tam’s room—

And burst into tears as soon as the door closed behind her.

He was hugging her in a second. “What’s wrong?”

“I waited too long,” she whimpered. “I peed my panties.”

“Oh, lover, it’s okay. Happens to all of us.”

“Tam, I’m supposed to be making hot passionate love to you, not peeing myself!”

He silenced her with a kiss. “You’re not supposed to do anything. No expectations, remember?”

“But—”

“But nothing.” He kissed her again. “I love you, Bree. And you are achingly beautiful no matter what happens. And we will have sex when you are darn good and ready and not a moment before.”

She sagged into his arms, relief pouring through her. More relieving than the pee, frankly.

“And from now on, you pee when you want to pee and not a moment later,” he added.

The repetition made her crack a sheepish grin. “And, well, TBH, I’ve been wearing those panties since Madison. They were pretty dirty anyway.”

“There you go, then. We’ll probably end up doing a lot of laundry anyway, no problem to throw your clothes in the load.”

He kissed her—longer, this time—and then asked, “So what do you want to do now?”

The relief—multiple reliefs—was still surging through her, but ebbing away. And it was taking her energy level with it. After all, it was pretty warm in his room, and she’d slept quite poorly since Madison, in Grayhound bus seats. “Um, this is gonna sound a bit weird, but I’m really tired; can I just take a nap?”

“That doesn’t sound weird at all.”

“Can you take a nap with me?”

“Sounds perfect to me.”

“With our clothes off?”

“I stand corrected. That’s perfect.”

Stripped down, they fell into Tam’s bed; Tam was big spoon. It was delightful feeling his arms around her, his bare body up against her… so easy to just rest…

She drifted off quickly.

###

Plenty more to come! Hope you enjoyed.

*003*2021-08-29 03:36

Heads up, LOTS of sex in this one.

###

She woke up hungry.

Tam was snoring very softly in her ear, arms still around her. And his penis was tucked up against the small of her back—not fully hard, not fully soft. She shivered a little in anticipation, but the roaring in her belly overpowered her lust. Momentarily, of course.

She rolled over and kissed him awake. This took a bit longer than she’d expected, although he started responding to the kiss before he was truly all the wake woken up—reflexively he kissed back. And he got harder, too. She resisted the temptation to finish the job of getting him up that way, and instead pinched him gently.

“G’morning,” he said, nonsensically.

“Hi,” she replied.

“You’re here.”

“I am.”

“Really here, not a dream.”

“Yup.” She pinched him again, to prove it. “What’s for dinner? I am starving.”

He blinked a couple times. “Well, there’s not a lot in the house except for snacks…”

“Apartment. Not a lot in the apartment.”

He nodded, still shaking off sleep. “But there’s some good food on this street. How about pizza?”

“Sounds great. Although anything would, right now.”

He grinned, found his phone, and pulled up the menu. It was fun just looking at something together (especially since they were both naked)—she peered over his shoulder, reached around him to point to stuff on his screen, and got to kiss his cheek when he’d placed the order.

“Twenty minutes till it’s ready,” he announced. “The place is practically next door—we’ll walk over and pick it up.”

She leaned in. “Wanna make out until then?”

“Absolutely—but first, my turn for a bathroom break.” He pulled on his boxer briefs and padded down the hall.

This left her alone in his room, and for the first time she really had a chance to take it in. She turned the Venetian blinds so that she had more light to look, while not letting his neighbors look at her.

“Hmmmm…”

He had a lot of pictures and posters on his walls. Many of them were of places he’d been. Parks, for instance: Grand Teton, Rocky Mountain, Zion, Acadia. (Oh, and Fenway.) He had up a map of the National Parks/National Forest system, with pins in it, and some un-pinned places circled: Chaco, Isle Royale, Sequoia, Crater Lake. He also had up a picture of the Milky Way galaxy with a similar pin in it.

But then there were the other pictures. Women in bikinis. Women in crop tops and cutoffs. Women in nothing at all, though everything was covered—if only just. Women draped over cars, over motorcycles, over boats, over each other. Seventeen women, all told, in fifteen pictures, and each and every one of them had more boobs and butt than she did—and less body fat.

Tam stepped back into the room. “Whatcha lookin’ at?” he asked.

She was tempted to avoid the issue, say she was looking at his map—but communication was key. “Um… all the cleavage.”

“Ah.” He gave her a sheepish grin. “Yeah, I haven’t redecorated lately.”

“I mean—I guess you like this kind of stuff?”

He cast an appraising eye around his room. “Well, that over there is Eliza Dushku. Any red-blooded Boston boy has to have a poster of her up in his room. And that’s Meagan Fox: extreme sentimental value in that poster, she caught me at an impressionable age. But to be honest, I haven’t even looked at any of those lately. I’ve spent a little more time over here.” He directed her to the pictures over his bed.

Picture after picture from Camp Bristow. Most of them with the campers, many of them involving gorgeous scenery. But front and center were three pictures of her. One on top of a mountain. One of her with her guitar. And one of the two of them.

“I remember that one!” she said, jumping onto the bed on her knees to tap the mountain pic. “I was so mad at you for taking my picture when I was hottest and sweatiest.”

“But you still smiled. And you were still gorgeous.”

“This one with the guitar—when was that? Wait—is that Little Lyn? Was that the first time I played?”

“Oh yeah. I had to be sneaky about taking that one. But I couldn’t pass it up.”

“And this one of both of us…”

“You’ll never guess who took that.”

“I really can’t.”

“Julia Bristow. It was our last night with the kids. And she was going around taking publicity photos, and saw us in the sunset light, and just had to take one, and sent it to me.”

“Oh my god. She was so nice. That’s an incredible picture.”

“Yep.”

She swung around. He was still standing at the edge of the bed. She stretched out her hands to him, pulled him on, pulled him down.

“One sec,” he muttered, grabbing his phone again.

“Hmm?”

“Just setting an alarm for when we have to go pick up the pizza. So when I go back to kissing you, I won’t have to watch the clock, and I can give you my full attention…”

This guy.

And indeed, they made out until his phone beeped.

This meant they had to put clothes back on. Bree felt a tad gross putting on clean clothes when she hadn’t showered in days, but putting on her old clothes would have been grosser (not even counting the wet panties). So: a clean, bright-colored bra; a tank top over it; panties that almost matched; shorts; sandals. It was Boston in the summer: well over 80* and humid. (*that’s “well over 26” to the rest of the world) Not “New Mexico in the summer” hot, no, but the humidity was killer.

They walked to the pizza place hand in hand, Bree pulling Tam along a bit and her stomach pulling her along. But it wasn’t far, as he’d said. Tam paid cash and they headed back. Bree snuck a slice as soon as they were out of the store. Not the best pizza ever, but she was hungry enough she didn’t care.

Back at the apartment they took the box right back to Tam’s room and sat back down on the bed to eat and cuddle at the same time.

“Thanks for dinner, sweetie,” Bree said through a mouthful of her third slice.

“You’re welcome, of course.”

“I didn’t eat much on the bus,” she said, explaining her appetite.

“You don’t need to explain yourself, y’know,” he said. “You can eat however much you need to eat. Girls can eat however much they need to eat.”

Oh. Em. GEE. This guy. Read my mind, better than I read it myself, and then just goes all supportive on me. A surge of affection rushed through her. Followed by a surge of attraction. She wanted him so bad. And I don’t have to wait any more. (But she finished her slice first.)

“Hey,” she said softly.

“Hmm?”

She took his hand—the one without pizza in it—and held it to her breast. Not between her boobs, but directly on the left one. His hand on my heart. And my boob. “I want you,” she said softly. “Right now. Is that okay?”

He set down his half-eaten slice, turned to her, kissed her. Let his fingers trail down her cheek to her neck, as he kissed her again. “Absolutely,” he said, when the kiss broke for a moment. “More than okay.”

They lay down, to get rid of that height difference. And it was all kissing for starters. But: he kissed her lips, her cheek, her neck, her shoulders, lips again, down her arm to her hand. Their hands slid under each other’s shirts, and before long they sat up again to get the shirts off, and her bra. Then he could kiss a lot more of her, and she more of him.

“I seem to remember,” he whispered, in between, “that these are pretty sensitive.” And he bent to her breasts.

“Uh-huh,” she responded. Or maybe she didn’t—maybe she just sighed in bliss—but she arched her back to get closer to his caressing mouth. The direct line between her breasts and her labia did its work. Instantly wet.

But Tam seemed to be in no hurry to get down there. He spent a long time on those breasts—kissing one, stroking the other—right on her hardening nipples, around her aurolae (very dark against her pale skin, as the blood rushed in), down beneath to where breast met rib. And it all felt so good. Almost overpoweringly good.

“How’s that?” he asked.

All she could do for a moment was moan. Finally she gasped out, “Uh—it’s all so amazing, but…”

“Hmm?”

“It’s almost too much.”

“That’s pretty common, first time having sex in a long while,” he said.

“It hasn’t been that long since we did it on the mountain.”

“Ah, but this is better. No rush. That bed I promised you. And so we can take our time. But if you want me to move on…” His lips trailed down her belly.

But he still didn’t go straight for the end zone. He spent some time on her hips and her navel. She hadn’t expected her hips to be a sensitive spot, but it felt nice.

Suddenly she realized she’d been all receiving, not giving. “I’m just lying here. What would you like?” she asked.

“Mmm, I really don’t mind being the active one right now,” he said, “but any skin contact is good. Once we get the rest of our clothes off I’ll show you what else you can do. But that might take a while. Like I said, we can take our time.”

“Do you want me to take my shorts off?”

“It does seem about that time.”

“Underwear too?”

“That can wait a minute.”

He worked his way up her bare legs, still kissing and caressing. She momentarily worried what would happen when he got to some of her ticklish spots. But to Bree’s amazement, her ticklishness seemed overwhelmed by the sexiness. Context is everything, I guess!

First he kissed her butt, which she wasn’t expecting. And then he nuzzled the crotch of her panties with his nose. “That can’t smell great,” she whispered.

“Hush. That’s not what the nose is for, right now.”

“Then what—oh.”

“I’m guessing I found the right spot.”

“God, yes.”

After a few moments of that it once again felt all too intense. She couldn’t take the overwhelming sensation (and the overwhelming emotion). But rather than tell him to stop—since she didn’t really want that either—she redirected. “Time for underwear off now? For both of us?”

“However you like.”

She grinned, recognizing their secret code. “Can I take your clothes off?”

“Of course.”

She sat up. It was a nice break from the amazing-but-overwhelming sensations, and besides, now she got to touch him. Shorts first, then boxer briefs. His erection wasn’t rock-hard yet—but that began to change as she touched him. She remembered her lesson from the mountain meadow and kept her caresses light.

“So,” he said, “now that we’re in a proper bed and with all the right equipment, let me show you something that can help with that. Because now we have lube.” He reached for the bedside table, but kept looking at her. After some blind one-handed fumbling in the drawer, he shifted his position. “That line would have been a lot more dramatic if I’d been able to grab it right away,” he muttered.

“Well, if we need lube…” she said.

“Oh, hey. Where did you find—?” He glanced back at her.

“Right here,” she said, pointing to her groin. “I mean, I’m so wet right now. Why not share?”

He chuckled. But she also felt his pulse rate shoot up. “Something about that just seems…”

“Sexy?”

“Right.” He cupped her hand. “Doesn’t seem to last quite as long as the commercial stuff, though.”

“I have more.”

“Yes please.”

She dipped into herself and started stroking again.

“So now that you’ve doing DIY lubing,” he said, “you can grip me a little tighter than that.”

“How tight… oh wow. That seems really a lot.”

“Well, that’s about as much as I can take. And not for long. Either it’ll start chafing or I’ll start coming. Don’t want either of that.”

“Not even the second one?”

“Not yet. So, if you ease up a bit…”

She did so.

He sighed with pleasure—but he didn’t forget her. He nudged her close alongside him, and a moment later she saw why: he reached down to finger her, just as she was fingering him. He found that wetness, as she’d mentioned, but then slid up—so slowly—until she gasped.

“Have to find it all over again every time,” he said, “but luckily it doesn’t get far.”

They caressed each other for a long minute. Then his fingers slid into her. She instinctively squeezed her fist in reaction, and of course that meant she squeezed him. He gasped and grinned, all at once.

It felt so good. So good. But also… off.

Maybe I just need to go for the real deal.

“Tam?”

“Mm?”

She leaned close to whisper. “I want you in me.”

“You’re all ready?”

“Yes.”

“For this we’ll need real lube. I mean, store-bought. Yours is real.” He turned away, and as soon as he could actually look in his drawer properly he found what he wanted. “We also need these.” Condoms.

He expertly tore open one of the wrappers. Then he said, “How about you do the honors?”

“Um, what do I need to do?”

“Never done this before? Oooh, sex ed time.”

“I mean, I’ve seen it done. …On a banana. …On YouTube.”

He laughed. “Lube first. Especially on my tip. That’s where I’m most sensitive, you know.”

“Oh! I didn’t.”

“Lots of sex ed! Awesome. Next, pinch the tip of the condom. You want to leave some room.”

“How come?”

He chuckled again. “How come? Because of the cum, lover. It needs a place to go. Never works perfectly, but still.”

“Okay, I get it. I think.”

“You’ll get a much better visual aid soon—okay, yeah, that’s good. Now just unroll it down over me.”

She did.

“A little more lube over it all…”

She did this, too—and added a few strokes, of her own initiative.

“Perfect,” he said. “Now.”

He laid her back, gently. Bent down to kiss her. Felt her with his fingers. And—slid in.

Oh yeah, that feels nice.

He moved in her, slowly, gently. “How’s that feel?” he asked.

“It’s nice.”

He was at a perfect height to kiss her breasts again. That was nice, too. All nice.

He kept his thrusts even and slow. Patient, tender. It seemed to be working quite well for him—and then she realized she didn’t have to guess. “How’s that feel for you?”

“Bree,” he whispered, “you feel amazing to me. I wanna savor this. I wanna remember this moment a long, long time.”

It was all so nice. It felt so right, having her lover in her, seeing him move above her…

She wasn’t getting that much more turned on, though.

“Still okay?” he asked.

“It feels good. But… shouldn’t it feel great?”

“It’s feeling great to me,” he said—and stopped thrusting.

“What’s wrong?”

“Nothing for me. But I want it to feel great for you too.”

He was starting to pull out of her! She wrapped her legs around him. “Don’t stop.”

He grinned down at her. “If that’s what you really want. We could shift position, though…”

“Don’t stop.”

He began his thrusting again. “How’s that?”

“Better. This is a better angle.” And it was. But it wasn’t brilliantly better.

After another few moments, Tam stopped again.

“Still wrong?”

“If it’s not feeling great for you, I want to try something different.”

“But Tam—this is, like, special. It’s our first fuck.”

“And to be honest, the first time is usually like this—awkward. Not magic.” He kissed her. “I’m having a wonderful time, hon. But it’s totally fine to take a break, switch things up, whatever we need to do.”

She felt bad and grateful all at once. “Okay. Just a quick break, though. I wanna make you come so hard.”

“And you will,” he said, and pulled out of her. “But in my experience, the best fucks don’t happen when we’re trying to make them happen. They happen when we’re enjoying whatever we’re doing, just having fun. Still hungry?” he added.

“I could eat more, yeah.”

“Then by all means help yourself.”

As they ate more pizza, still naked, Tam stroked her hair. “You are so lovely,” he said.

She smiled, slightly wanly.

“Don’t give me that look,” he said. “Either you’re upset because you didn’t ‘get sex right’ the very first time—which never happens, by the way—or you’re upset because you don’t feel lovely.”

“Um. Not upset. Just… it’s weird, yeah? It’s all weird. It feels good but not great.”

“Oh, yeah, there’s always that side of things, too. Having someone else touch us in the ways we’ve been touching ourselves feels better in some ways and worse in others. Better, because the nerves go nuts for skin to skin contact. But worse, because the other person isn’t doing what we do all the time to ourselves. It’s just unfamiliarity.”

“Like the picture thing!”

“Huh?”

“We never like pictures of ourselves because they aren’t mirrored. We’re always used to seeing ourselves in a mirror. So the pictures never look quite right.”

“Oh, yeah! Exactly!”

“So how do we get over that?”

“Well—how do you get familiar with anything? You do it a lot.”

She grinned. “Sounds good to me. Now?”

“You want to?”

“Yes please.”

“This time,” he said, “maybe it’ll go better if you’re the one on top. I’ve noticed sex is better for me when I’m the one doing the moving.”

“Then you should be on top again. So it’s better for you.”

“Oh, lover, it doesn’t have to be perfect for me, you’ll do just fine. Instead, just focus on making yourself feel good. Touch yourself. Don’t worry about me,” he added. “I’ll be along for the ride.”

She finished her slice. “Hope you don’t mind pizza-breath kisses,” she said.

“Not when they come from you.”

They played with each other for a while, caressing, toying, teasing. Tam’s compact little body felt so good under her hands. She felt gawky, awkward, huge next to him. But he was obviously loving every minute of it. She could see it in his eyes. And even if she couldn’t, there was another part of him that was impossible to miss which showed pretty much the same thing.

He surprised her when he went for a second condom. “Can’t we use the first one? You didn’t, um, ejaculate.”

“Never use a condom twice,” he said, “unless you want to tear it.”

“Which we really don’t.”

“Nope.”

She stroked his length to make sure he was entirely ready—and then asked outright, which seemed smarter.

“I’m ready if you are,” he said.

“I think so.”

“Let me make extra-sure,” he said, and kissed her nipples while testing her wetness with his fingers. She moaned at the combination.

“Yeah, you seem just fine!” he said, grinning, and lay back.

She swung one of her long legs over him, trying not to feel like a giant. She positioned herself—slid down onto him—

Tried to slide down onto him—

“Just use your fingers,” he suggested.

She blushed, and guided him in. That felt good, in a way that didn’t have much to do with him being in her. It felt powerful. Like choosing him. Obviously she’d chosen him already, but somehow it felt deliberate. In fact, being on top felt powerful, too. As long as she didn’t crush him. Somehow it felt like she’d reinforced the height difference…

He’d been watching. “Better?”

She’d been distracted by the emotions. She gave a tentative thrust. “Am I squishing you?”

“Only in the absolute best way possible,” he said. “You feel great. How do I feel for you?”

She adjusted the angle a little, leaning forward a bit, and—“Oh. Oh, yeah. That’s it right there.”

She’d thought his grin couldn’t get any bigger, but obviously she’d been wrong. “I agree,” he said. “Only one thing I’d add—” and he steered her hand down to her own crotch. “One of the good parts of this position: ease of access.” With her hand in place, he let his own slide to her hips.

She found she could rub her clit against her own hand as she thrust. Well, her outer clit; he was pressing on the inner parts. This was working. Working really well! She started thrusting more enthusiastically.

He laughed. It was a delighted, generous laugh. “You look so happy,” he said—a little breathless between the humor and the fact that she was making his heart race. “Keep going, love, keep going!”

And so she did. Every now and then she had to shift a little, or reach for a little more lube, but it was a good angle. A very good angle. “Oh, my fucking god…”

“A really appropriate way of putting it,” he said. “But maybe—goddess? ‘Cause that’s what you seem like to me.”

She laughed. She had to laugh. It felt so right. Just right. To be with the right man, to be trying things out until they found what clicked, no fumbling and blundering and feeling ashamed at mistakes. “I’m not afraid,” she gasped, surprised. “Not afraid.”

He nodded. “I get it. Go on now. No reason to hold back. I’m right here.”

“I know… Thank you…”

She had to close her eyes. Had to go a little faster. Push a little harder. Tam, Tam, Tam, she thought—and then said it out loud, so he knew he was the only thing on her mind.

“Yeah,” he whispered, understanding. He couldn’t reach her lips with his own, so he kissed what he could reach. Which was very effective. The twisting, writhing tension that had built up in her was screaming for release. And yet all it seemed to do was build.

“Oh god, Tam… oh god…”

“Go on. Go on and let go.”

It was like a cord snapping—if that cord could set off fireworks.

When she could see again, she realized she was gasping for breath, shaking—but supporting herself on her arms, so she wouldn’t fall on Tam beneath her.

“Good?” he asked, grinning lazily, running his hands up her sides from her hips to her breasts and back again. She shook again at his touch.

“Yeah,” she managed. “Yeah. Really good.”

“I hoped this would work better for you than me on top,” he said. “And it looked like you got out of your head a bit more, too.”

“Definitely,” she said, still shaking. Her arms were getting tired, and he noticed.

“You don’t have to stay there,” he said.

“Did you come?”

“Oh yeah, somewhere along the line.”

“I didn’t notice—”

“You were a little busy at the time. All good. But we should probably clean up.”

“I just wanna lie down next to you.”

“Good idea. But go pee first. I’ve gotta clean up here anyway.”

“I don’t really need to pee.”

“Do it anyway. Anything you can squeeze out. You don’t want to get a UTI, and that’s the way to keep it from happening.”

“I’m fine…”

“One of my exes got a UTI. Running to the bathroom every half an hour? Not fun. Especially not if you’re going to be riding Greyhound at the time!”

“All right. Does that mean I have to put my clothes on?”

“Nobody else in the apartment. Your call.”

“All right,” she said. The shaking was slowing, but she was still a little unsteady on her legs as she got to her feet. Despite Tam’s reassurance, she still poked her head out of the door first, before walking down the hall.

In the bathroom, she stared at the filthy toilet again. Still not something she wanted to sit on. Besides, even though the condom had caught all of Tam’s cum, she still wanted to wash off a bit.

The sink was freestanding, just a bowl on a pillar without a countertop around it. I’ll bet I can straddle that.

It was much less pleasant than straddling Tam, but she could wash off and, yes, “squeeze out” a little pee. The sink didn’t feel entirely stable, though.

As she got down and turned off the tap, she heard the front door of the apartment close. She was suddenly acutely conscious that she was stark naked. She poked her head out again, keeping the door closed as much as she could. “Tam?”

“Oh, hey. You must be Bree.”

She was facing a young man about Tam’s age, dark-haired and dark-faced. African-American? Asian? She couldn’t place his ethnicity. But that was nothing next to the fact that she was naked…

He held out his hand. “DeMarcus Duong.”

“Um—Bree.” She reached out and shook. She could still be polite, after all. “Sorry, I’m not, um—dressed.”

“Yeah, I figured,” he said, with a look. Knowing and tolerant and admiring. Frankly admiring. She was reasonably sure that he couldn’t actually see much, but just knowing that she was bare-assed was clearly amusing him. Amusing and arousing?

Tam came out of his room—he’s apparently dressed in a hurry, for he hadn’t noticed his shirt was inside out—with Bree’s clothes in hand. “Hey Marc,” he said, flushing. “Sorry, my fault, I told her we were alone.”

“Not a problem,” DeMarcus said—so incredibly smoothly that Bree had no choice but to blush. “Are you hungry?”

“We got pizza,” Tam said, passing the clothes to Bree. She mouthed her thanks to him and pulled her arm back into the bathroom, subtly nudging the door a bit further closed. Somehow she was too polite to simply close the door in DeMarcus’ face.

Tam hadn’t grabbed any underwear at all, she noticed. Neither panties nor bra. Well, he had been hurrying. She pulled the shorts on and got the t-shirt over her head. My nips are gonna harden, I just know it—yup, there they go. Now she had to face Tam’s roommate with her breasts poking halfway through her shirt. And somehow she had a suspicion that he’d definitely notice. If she crossed her arms, though, it would just be even more obvious. Well, she couldn’t send Tam back for more clothing. She stepped out into the hall.

DeMarcus was clearly not about to mention the fact that he’d come within minutes of walking in on them having rather loud sex, or that he’d caught Bree stark naked in his bathroom. The fact that he wasn’t mentioning it just made his silence on the subject obvious. The fact that his eyes had raked over every inch of Bree’s body—quite quickly and exactly once, but missing nothing at all—just made it plainer. Bree began to feel like her blush was permanent, and she felt intensely self-conscious. She wanted to run. But she held herself firm. I’m GGG, she told herself. I have sex. Just did, in fact. Nothing to be ashamed of.

“Good trip?” DeMarcus inquired politely.

She shrugged. “Greyhound is what it is.”

“That’s for sure,” he said with a grin. “Well, welcome to the apartment. I’ll be in and out—oh, and Lisa’s staying over tomorrow, so it’ll be four of us.”

“Lisa?”

“My sweetie,” he said. “We could get food or something. But I’m sorry, I’m keeping you standing in the hallway. Didn’t mean to interrupt.”

He really was smooth.

“It’s all good, man,” Tam said reassuringly “Want any pizza? We have a couple slices left.”

“Don’t mind if I do. But then I’ll get out of your way. You two have to make up for lost time, I imagine.”

Smooth, and far too knowing.

But with DeMarcus sent off with pizza in hand, Tam and Bree fell back onto the bed, and clothes came back off quickly. No sex, just cuddling.

“Sorry about that,” Tam said. “That was awkward. And I wanted you to really experience afterglow, too.”

“Hmm?”

“The time right after sex can be downright magical. Sometimes better than the sex itself. But not when it gets interrupted in the middle like that.”

“It’s all right,” Bree said—although she felt it would take a while before she felt entirely comfortable around DeMarcus. “We’ll have a lot more chances.”

“That’s definitely true.”
