A quick fantasy

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2024-03-24 20:17

I know I have another story in progress, and I assure you it is not being abandoned, I have made progress already on the final chapter, but I couldn’t get this fantasy out of my head, and had to jot it down.

Also want to preface by saying, for exhibition purposes, this short story starts off with me (a male) dealing with my own full bladder, but it is very much a female desperation fantasy.

###

The hot sun is beating down. My girlfriend and a group of about 10 of our friends have come to a large outdoor beer festival. We’ve been here for about an hour and a half at this point, and our larger group has temporarily splintered in two. I’m with my girlfriend and another couple, and we’re chatting as we walk along the row of vendors, drinking and seeing what other entertainment is available.

We’re all quite buzzed, and for the last 10 minutes, I’ve been feeling a fullness in my bladder, but have been pushing it off, as surely the rest of the group will be wanting a bathroom break soon. The girl in the other couple mentions she’ll probably need to pee soon, and my girlfriend agrees, but we continue to go from vendor to vendor. It’s starting to get very uncomfortable for me, and as much as I’d love to see the girls hold it a bit longer I’m about to suggest we take our bathroom break when another group approaches us. It’s a group of girls that my girlfriend and her friend knew from school. I can’t wait for this delay, and, following introductions, I mention I’m going to the bathroom, the girls make no move to follow, busily chatting with their friends.

I walk back across the festival toward a row of porta potties. A massive line has formed, thankfully, there are some outdoor urinals set up behind them. I’m tempted to stay for a moment, to see if any of the girls in line are dancing around at all, or have their legs crossed, or look stressed, but I’m at the point that I need to make my own relief a priority.

A moment later and I’ve relieved myself. Feeling like a new man, I step down from the urinal and start to head back, planning to walk slowly by and just glance at the lines. I wonder if I feel should feel guilty about doing this, maybe I should, but I’m not going to stay and leer, just a quick glance.

As I’m about to exit the urinal area, she rushes around a corner so fast we nearly collide. It’s Nicole, one of my girlfriend’s other friends. I’ve known Nicole for years. She’s one of my girlfriends favorite friends. She’s fun loving and kind, but quite private and reserved. She’s usually one of the most well put together and calm people I know, but in this moment she’s looking just a bit disheveled.

Her face is red, her brown bangs sticking to her forehead, clearly she’s been sweating in the summer heat, and drinking beer to cool herself off. She still looks good though, dressed in a cute romper that accentuates her curvy but not fat figure perfectly.

We greet eachother, I ask her what’s up, she asks if there are more bathrooms anywhere, I say I don’t think so.

She hesitates for a moment, debating whether she wants to fill me in on her current dilemma, but it’s pretty obvious and unavoidable at this point, and I suspect the alcohol and desperation have lowered her inhibitions just enough.

“But I reeeeeeeeeally need to use one, and these lines are ridiculous” she says, crossing her legs tightly and looking around. She gestures to a building in the distance, at the edge of the park, not really part of the event. “I think there might be some in that clubhouse over there, but I can’t figure out how to get around this fence”

I look behind me and see the fence in question, a temporary one clearly put up to contain the drunken chaos. “I think you have to go out of here the way we came in” I explain. She gives me a shy smile, obviously not sure where exactly that is at this point. “Here, I’ll walk over there with you”

“Thanksssss” she replies, with a bigger smile.

We begin to make our way back through the festival, she’s walking quickly, almost getting ahead of me at times, clearly trying to hurry me along with her body language. In all the years I’ve known her I’ve never seen her like this. Drunk and dying for a pee, it’s a whole different side.

We get through the front gate in to the lot, we have to stop for a moment to let a car pass, Nicole is stepping back and fourth rapidly next to me, unable to stand still. She lets out a gasp of air as we start moving again. “God I have to pee so bad” She whispers aloud as we make our back around the venue toward the clubhouse, she’s walking slightly hunched over now, a hand plunged in to the front pocket of her romper.

We finally near the clubhouse, and without saying anything, she starts running ahead. I hang back, with no reason to continue to follow her. She reaches the glass doors, grabs the handle and pulls, nothing. She tries the other one, no luck, she tries pushing, that doesn’t work either. The little clubhouse is clearly locked.

She leans against the locked door and buries a hand in her crotch, rapidly bending her knees up and down, up and down.

Getting herself under control, she turns back and sees me watching, and quickly removes her hand, before walking back over to me.

“Locked?” I ask as she approaches “Yes” she gasps “I don’t know what I’m going to do, I’ve never had to pee this bad in my life.”

We both look around, trying to find a solution, she’s huffing and puffing and has broken out in to a classic peepee dance, twirling around, stepping from foot to foot, slamming her knees together. I have to turn away for a moment to adjust my erection.

“You could squat between the cars” I finally suggest, gesturing to the parking lot behind us. “I’ll keep watch.”

“I can’t in this” she gasps, looking away “I’d have to get completely naked”

I spring in to action, “Back here”.

I lead her toward the back of the club house, she’s bent over so far she can barely walk now. We get around the back, there’s some shrubbery, with a little gap leading to a locked back door.

“There’s obviously no one here today, just go here, I’ll keep watch” I tell her

She whines, looking around, but quickly accepts that she’s out of options. Without a word, she rushes between the hedges, I’m standing just around the corner, feet from her, looking out over the park. I hear the ruffle of her clothes, followed by an absolute blast of pee hitting the pavement. It goes on seemingly forever, I can’t help but give my rock hard dick the quickest rub, nearly cumming in my pants.

Finally she finishes up and takes a moment to put herself together, emerging from behind the bush with her face still beet red. “Thank you” she says quietly “That was so embarrassing”

“No worries”, I assure her “I’ve done it a million times”

That night, my girlfriend and I are climbing in to bed. She runs her hand over my dick “You know Nicole told me about how you helped her out today… I really appreciate that.”

“You know” she continued “Those lines really were a killer, I got so caught up talking to my old friends after you walked away that I ended up having quite an emergency myself”

I was at full mast immediately, as she wrapped her hand around my shaft “Yeah?” I prodded with a smile “What happened?”

