Ashoka`s mision

Author: wet_fetis_girl

*000*2020-03-14 21:03

@@helo this is my first fan fic. hope you like it.

Ashoka was on a mision to save padme from the count Dooku's asasin and the droid general grivous.

Normaly,Anakin woud be with her,but he and Obi wan were sent on a mision to stop palpatine's aprentice himself the leader of the sepratist:count Dooku.

"Comande Tamo we're aproaching atmosfere"said the capitan of the 501 legion Rex.

"Good to know,prepare my starfighter!" said the comander.

"Comander we were given orders to atack from the ground not from air" said the capitan.

"fine"

As they got aboard the LAAT Ashoka began to feel somthing in her abdomen,it probably was because she drank constantly on her journey to keep herself hydrated.It was not bad so she tought she coud hold it (she didn't have any option anyway). As they begin the landing several of their gunships were shut down by some droids,their ship was lucky tough.Ashoke felt her blade get fuller but it was nothing bad.

Sudenly thei ship started going down a lat faster.

"What's going on?"asked Ashoka.

"Buzz droids" said the pilot.

"It's going to get bad" said Rex.

"You don't say" said Fives

Their ship crashlanded and about a quarter of the man on the LAAT died,but the padawan leaked a litle.To their horor they saw thausands of batle droids B1,B2 comando evrey thing you want.

"Great!"said Rex

On the other hand Ashoka was hit by a bad desperation wave.Ashoka just sat there in fear of not wetting herself the clones were dying just to get to 10 of the droids.

"COMANDER TANO CAN'T YOU DO SOMETHING ABOUT THE BATLE DROIDS?!" shouted Rex.

"Oh yes!"said Ashoka snaping back to reality.

She picked up almost all of the droids with the Force,but she was hit by an even worse desperation wave and let go of the batle droids who shaterd on the intact.The clones clean the rest of them and moved to the base.

"Comande Tano,why did you let go of the droids?"asked Rex

Ashoka was to concentrated not to pee herself tha she barely manage to say:

"No reason,...cap..t...ain ."

"Ok"

"It's general grievous!Wach o-"began a clone to say,but he was stabed without mercy by the cruel general.

Ashoka was frozen,she coud not compete with the general.

"Well it looks like i get some free aditions to my colection"said Grievous before begining to cough.

"I...In yo...you&#39;re dreams!" manage Ashoka to say.

Before she realized General picked her up with the leg and slamed her into the wall.Luckily she managed not to pee herself.One of the clones shot a roket from the roket launcher,but the general dodged at the last time,but he had to leave because the clone was ready to shot agian and anothe clone was ready to shot a minigun.

As they continued troug the base they saw the general's star fighter fly away.

"The coward ran away"tought Rex to himself.

Ashoka already had a bulging blader and she was realy desperete,but lukily no one managed to figure out.They got to Ventess who was interogating Padme (who had a big bulging blader, and as Ashoke found out later,didn't go to the bathroom the whole day.But what surprised Ashoka the most was the fact that Ventress looked prety desperete ass well.When Padme saw Ashoka she smiled a litle,before noticeing her bulging blader.

"Let the senator go Ventress,now!"said Rex

"Why woud i listen to you?" asked Ventress before grabing all the clones by their throats and throwing out the Windu.Then loojed at Ashoka with a look of hatered and desperation in her eyes.

"L...et her g...o,Ventress!' said Ashoka with a powerfull hatred in her voice.

Insted of responding the sith asasin turned on her lightsaber,quikley folowed by Ashoka.She did not care about her blader,all that she cared was that Padme needed to go bad.

So a duel begins,the 2 always blocking eachother strike,mostley,until Ventress kicked Padme in the stomach,wich caused the senator of Naboo to let go of the liquid inside of her full blader.Not onley it filled Ashok's blader but it made her go extremely mad.She choked Ventrss so strong that it nearley killed her,and it woud if Ashoka woud not let go of he concentration to use the force,therfore there beeing nothng to stop her from peeing.She peed for over 5 minutes makeing a prety big pudle on the floor,tough not as big as Padme's.Instead of laughting Ventress grabed her croth so she woud not pee herself,this was prety hot for Ashoka tough.

When Ventress looked up she saw Ashoka with a prety big blush and her hand was to her croth troug her wet pants and panties.This made Ventress take away her hand making her pee herself.Humiliated Ventress ran away.

Ashoka freed Padme before they burst into laughter.

"But what will we do about our wet patches?"asked Padme.

"I have an idea!"sais Ashoka before she took a water botle and splashed it on her and Padme."It will look that we spiled water."

"Good idea" replied Padme.

So the 2 girls returned to Corusant and nobody knowing that they peed themselves.

*002*2020-03-15 17:26

@@i wll continue the story

On their way out they meet with Rex, Tup and Fives.

"Capitan Rex,let's blow up this place,now that we rescued Pademe!"said the padawan

"No problem,comander."said the clone capitan

"Tup, do you have the explosives?" asked Fives.

"Yes,yes i do."

"Then let's do it!"said Padme.

They placed the explosives and got out and blowed the base up.They picked up the unconcius clones that survived the fall from the base and got picked up by the new gunship they requested and got aboard.

When aboard the venator-class Star Destroyer Padme felt somthing in her abdomen,both blader and bowels,wich was wierd because she just peed 15 minutes ago.She knew that it were the efects of laxatives,maybe Ventress feed her laxatives.Ashoka noticeing that Padme was looking sad she asked what was wrong.

"Ashoka,i think Ventress feed me laxatives."

"Why woud you think tha-oh you need to poop bad now don't you?"asked the padawan.

"Y..e..es"said Padme with teas in eyes.

"Don't wory we will soon exit hyperspace and we will be near Corusant."said Ashoka

"Yes but i was informed by the supreme chancelour that i wil need to raport what hapend on that base and i won't have time to go to the bthroom."

Before she coud reply she was caled by her master.

"Hey Snips,how did the mision go?"

"Good ,master."said Ashoka

"Good to hear that.Sadley for me and Obi Wan the count escaped."

"That's sad,anyway master i need to close,bye!" sad the padawan

"Bye Ashoka,see you at the jedi temple!" said her master..

When the rached Corusant Padme was not feeling good at all.When the ship landed Padme dashe as fast as she coud in her state to her room.She knew that she woud not have time to go to the bathroom,so she just put on a diaper instead.

In the senete room Padme was soposed to tell what hapened.

"So senator Amidala,please tell us what hapened,please" said the future emperor of the galaxy,supreme chancellor,Palpatine.

"W...w...well yy...ou see, i went on a mision to try to make the peapoe of Lego to join th...e...e R...e...p...p...public,but...when i...i m...men...ti...oned the Republic,f...ff...five com...m...mando droids captured me,t..t..there wa...s..s G...g...e...eneral Grievous" barely manage to say Padme.

"i see,we will investigate to see if the peapole of lego joined the Sepatists."said "The Senate"

Padme had other problems,she began pooping in her diaper.

"May i leave now?" asked Padme

"Of course."said Palpatine.

Padme began runing to her room while pooping and peeing in har pantieas,that she didn't had time to take of and her diaper,plus in her pants.The diaper coud not hold all of her pee in and started leaking,but the shit stayed in.

When she got in her room her bowels and blade were alredy mostley empty but Padme sat on the toilet for at least an hour because the efects of the laxative did not go imidiatly away.After she was sure she was completley empty she got out and started crying on her bed.

"Are you ok?" asked Ashoka as she walked into the room

"N...o." said Padme betwen the sobing.

"Sory i took so long,but my master wanted to know exactley how evreything hapened,but i din't tell him about the weting,of course" said the padawan

"It's ok."said Padme

"I might have something that will cheer you up."said Ashoka as she reached for a diaper

"Actualy i want to see you without a diaper."said Padme while blushing.

"Ok." said Ashoka while blushing as well

And with that the jedi padawan started peeing soaking the bed and even on the floor.This turned on Padme so much that se just gave Ashoka a big kiss.

"This remains betwen us!"said Padme

"Wha.. ahhh... o..k"said Ashoka while leaving

On her way out Ashoka said that she and Padme MUST be togheter.

*003*2020-03-16 16:50

@@ok,this is prequel to the first part.

Ashoka and Bariss Ofer were on a mision on lego,after Padme to save her from the sepratists.

Ashoka had emotions because it was an important planet and she kne she had feelings for Bariss,eve tough it was agianst the jedi code.Ashoka had a plan,she got herself desperete to pee on the mision.Ashoka noticed that Bariss was prety desperete to pee aswell.

"Did she got desperete on porpose?"tought Ashoka

But before she got to ask she was hit by a desperation wave and ambushed by IG- 100 magnaguards,five actualy.

"Oohhhhh... oh no!"said Bariss.

" We are in trouble."said fives

"Yes."said Ashokaas she snaped back to reality.

"Hahahaha,more lightsabers to ad to my coletion."said a deep voice from behind the bushes

"WHAT,GENERAL GRIEVOUS!"shouted a clone who was killed by the IG-100.

A blue and a green light apeard from behind the bushes and the general showed his head.

"Ahhh,2 padawans,and i tough i woud have a chalange." taunted Grivous the desperete Padawans

Ashoka tried to push the general but he fixed himself in the ground with his legs

@@Luckily Ashoka was not too desperete so she coud fight,but Bariss,she coud barely block the magnaguards.Ashoka engaged the cyborg,grivous was a powerfull foe,he blocked evrey hit from Ashoka,while Anakim's padawan missed(not because she needed to pee).Sudenly the old Kaleesh warior pulled another lightsaber with his foot and another 2 with his other 2 arms.Ashoka coud not fight with 5 lightsabers.Ashoka atempted to run away but the general jumped in front of her and plocked her path.Scared Ashoka ran into the other direction.The general seeing this turned off the lightsaber he was holding with his foot and put his foot back down,began spining 2 of his armed and walked toward Ashoka.The padawan was runing into the show of purple from the magagurad staf hiting the whie armour.Sudenly Ashoka had an idea,she ran to an IG-100 and cut of it's head and waited as she was dodging the robot.As Grievous reached his guard he cut to it to get to Ashoka.Ashoka picked the staff with the force and used it to block 2 of the cyborg's arms,as she was fighting the other 2.As she was fighting Ashoka Grievous reached for for a lightsaber with his feet but Ashoka,who was waiting for this to hapen,cut his leg.The general,who lost his focus was hit in his crushed lungs and screamed in agony.As the togut took away the staf,Grievous grabed it with his foot and broke itin half.Despite beeing injured Grievous faught Ashoka and was wining,actualy he stabed Ashoke realy close to her heart.But being injured gave him the disadvantege and got his other leg choped of.Seeing that he lost his legs,the cyborg ran away using his arms.

Now that the general was defeated,Ashoka turned to see what as going on with the magnaguard.She only saw 2,and saw Bariss geting eletrocuted and probably it was to much for her full blader and peed herself.As Bariss broke in tears,Ashoka filled with rage,destroyed the robot,while not taking the eyes away from this girl who Ashoka loved and was peeing herself. As ashoka destroyed the robot and Bariss finishe peeing the second robot walcked to them but to theri luck,fives, the oly clone that ,survivedthe magnaguard woke up,picked up a rocket launcher and fired at the robot who was destroyed.

"Are you alright,ladies?"ascked fives

"Yes ." said Bariss blushing.

"Go,"said Ashoka"Bariss and i will stay to heal ourselves,and if we don,t come wait for us,if you blow up the base,and you'l need this."with that Ashoka handed fives one of her lighsabers.

"Yes sir"

"Now that he is gone,i have a cinfesion to make, i am bursting to pee!"

"You too?" asked Bariss.

"Yes,but when i fought Grievous i as not that desperete,anyway can i just pee here?" asked Ashoka

"Sure"

And with that,Ashoka sat in a squat and began peeing herself trough her clothes,water was pouring from her pants like it was a fountain.After 3 minutes of peeing she jumped onto Bariss and kissed her.

"I love you."said Ashoka"And i got desperete on porpose to pee in front of you."

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH..i ah ...oh i lov...v...e yu t...o" Barely manage to say Bariss.

After half a minute Bariss sliped her hand trough Ashoka's panties and began masaging her pusy,it tok Ashoka 5 second to reached orgasm.Then they just srtuiped naked and began having sex.After 20 minutes of sex Bariss said:

"Ashoka,as much as i love you,we can never be toghether,is agienst the jedi code.,we will not be toghether,i'm sory" and she broke into tears.

"Shhhh,it's alright,i understand" said Ashoka,while also beeig sad.

Behind they hear an explosion,so the get change to meet with Five. There they saw fives,alongside 6 other clones.

"What are they doing here?" asked Bariss

"I called for reinforcements, and the general took the senator to Utapau"awnserd Fives

"That coward!" said Bariss

The 2 jedi raported to the jedi council the discovery.

*004*2020-03-27 11:33

@@ok,i hope you don't mind if i alter the saga,plus this story will be shorter

After months from Ashoka's promise to be with Padme,nothing intresting hapened,outside of the fact that Padme was nearley killed.

Anakin,wanting to make sure that Padme was safe,said to Padme that they shoud break up.Ashoka,who was listening at the door got exited beccause her and Padme woud get hte chance to be toghether. Padme devasteted by this was crying in her room,when Ashoka knocked on the door.

"come in!" said Padme.

"What hapened?"asked Ashoka as she was entering

"Anakin said that we shoud break up."said the senator while crying

"Well he is the one who will regret it." said Ashoka as she began kissing Padme

They stood there for 2 minutes kissing.

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?"asked Padme

"If you don't love me,then why did you kiss me? Do you reject me because you are afraid of me breaking up with you?"aske the padawan

"Y..yes"

"Well i am not leaving unti you say that we can be together." comented Ashoka

Padme then realized how bad she needed to pee.As she got up to go to the bathroom.As she got up to go pee,Ashoka who realized what she was doing,grabed her hand.

"A...Ashoka i need to pee!"

"I know,i just want you to pee on me."

"B..but i can't!"said Padme

Yes you can and you will!" said the stuborn jedi

"O...ok."said Padme as she got up walked over Ashoka and began peeing

While she was peeing,Padme squated and began squezing Ashoka boobs.Ashoka was holding back orgasm.

When Padme was done she noticed that Ashoka's blader was full,and she laid on her back ,hoping that Ashoka woud pee on her.Ashoka knew she was desperete and wanted to pee on Padme,wether she was ok with it or not.

As she got up,she alredy began peeing,and when she got on Padme the bed was alredy soaked.

"Sory i coudn't hold it!"

"It's ok,i actualy wanted this."said Padme

"So we can bo together?" asked Ashoka

"Yes"

And like that Padme and Ashoka got together.

