Water Damage

Author: WatermelonBlun

*000*2022-06-16 03:36

"2:45" Layla thought to herself. "5 minutes later than when I check 5 minutes ago."

These afternoon shifts always seemed to drag on, especially during the summer. She would much rather be spending her late 20s out on the beach, showing off her slender form and long brown hair to all the local boys, but alas, she had rent to pay.

There was plenty Layla liked about being a librarian, but these really slow days always made her wish she'd chosen a different career. She loved books, and she loved talking to people about them, but these days she would be lucky to see 5 customers in a day, and of course, they always worked solo during the summer, so she didn't even have a coworker to pass the time with today. Not that she muched like her coworkers anyway...

A small pang in her bladder reminded Layla about the other way she had found to make the time pass. For as long as she could remember, Layla always liked holding her pee. Something about the physical sensations, and the risk of not using the bathroom when she knew she should always made her feel naughty. That naughty feeling always led to naughty thoughts, which made time fly by.

Since she began her job at the library, however, she had been indulging in her little habit more regularly. She couldn't see the harm in it, and aside from a couple of close calls, she had never had any issues getting to the toilet when it became a real emergency.

Another small twinge in her bladder brought Layla to attention, just as a kindly looking older gentleman walked through the front door. Layla recognized him from around town, but this was the first time she had seen him here.

"Good afternoon, miss" the man spoke, and tipped his hat to her. "I was hoping you could point me towards the biographies."

"Of course, sir." Layla said with a smile. "Any particular biography you're looking for?"

"Anything good on Chruchill?" The man asked, and as Layla led him over to the historical non-fiction, they began to chat about the man's interest in history, specifically military history. Layla was honestly glad for the company at first, but the old man clearly didn't get out much, and relished this opportunity for conversation. It was another hour before Layla was able to check out his book and send him on his way.

Layla looked at the clock, "3:45" she noted. "Almost closing time." Layla went about her normal closing routine, wiping down tables and resolving books, all the while enjoying the growing pressure in her bladder. She had just finished locking up when the silence was cut through by the shrill ringing of the Front desk phone.

"Hello?" Layla answered, slightly annoyed that her departure was being delayed.

"Hey Layla, how was the shift?" Came the voice from the other end. Layla recognized it as her boss, Patricia.

"The shift was alright, pretty slow," She said impatiently. "Whats up?"

"Just calling to see if you had any issues with the inventory check" Patricia continued. "I know it can be a lot for one person to handle."

"Fuck!" Layla thought to herself. She had completely forgotten to do the check. It was going to to take at least another hour to get that done, but if she didn't, she would have to admit to Patricia that she had forgotten, and she hated doing that. Patricia, having recently graduated college, was given the permission of head librarian. This irked Layla to know end, as she hated having a boss who was younger than her, even if it was just a few years.

"Umm... yep, no problem there. Everything accounted for," Layla lied.

"Glad to hear it," Patricia responded, "have a good evening." Patricia hung up, leaving Layla listening to a dial tone, and kicking herself for being so forgetful. She decided to just get it over with and check the inventory as quickly as possible.

As she quickly turned away from the door and headed back to the front desk, her bladder once again made itself known. Not only that, but the extra time had also caused a stirring in her bowels that she knew would need to be addressed before too long. "Just my luck" she thought to herself as she began counting books.

An hour or so passed, and Layla was still not close to being finished with her check. The books seemed to have been placed quite carelessly onto the shelves the last time they were counted. Add to the the growing urgency of her bathroom needs, and this inventory seemed to be dragging on endlessly.

"Guess this isn't gonna be as smooth as I'd hoped," she though to herself, "better go use the toilet before I move to the next row."

She began to make her way across the room to the one unisex bathroom the library had, each step making her more and more eager to relieve herself. She made it to the door, and grabbed the handle when her heart sank. The know wouldn't turn. She tried it a bit harder, jiggling it up and down, but it wouldn't budge.

"Oh duh" she remembered, "I locked it after I cleaned up for the night." Layla made her way back across the room, stopping briefly to press her hands between her legs, and readjust her panties. "I don't think I've ever had to go this bad before." She mused, uncomfortable but unquestionably aroused by the thought. Now was not the time for that, though. She had to finish inventory, and to do that, she had to relieve the pressure on her bladder. The opened to cash register to grab the libraries keys, and to her horror, they were nowhere to be found.

"What the hell!" She yelled aloud, startling herself with her own voice cutting through the silence of the library. Her bladder spasmed at the noises, and she felt just a few drops escape into her teal cotton panties. "Shitshitshitshi--" she exclaimed, slamming her hands into her crotch to stop the leak. She managed to stop it after a few more drops, before any wetness appeared on her light blue jeans. Her panties, however, were unmistakably damp.

This was a real emergency now, and with the keys nowhere to be found, she was getting progressively more concerned.

"Okay, Layla, now think." She said to herself, " where was the last place you remember seeing the keys." She began to mentally retrace her steps, going through the entire process of closing in reverse. This plan was interuppted, however, by another spurt, much bigger this time. She has peed for a solid second before she could regain control, and there was now an obvious, quarter sized wet spot on her jeans.

She began to panic even further, as the effort she expended to stop the flood took her mind off her bowels, and she felt the beginnings of a bowel movement making its way out before was quickly stopped that too with a clench.

This had long since ceased to be fun for Layla, as the idea of wetting herself, let alone pooping herself, at work was absolutely humiliating to her. She HAD to find those keys. She began frantically searching the ground around the desk for the keys, assuming she had dropped them without noticing at some point. All the while more and more leaks were making their way out of her bladder, and she now had a softball sized wet patch, on the front of her pants. She was losing the battle, and soon it wouldn't be up to her if she was peeing her pants or not.

In a last desperate effort, she threw the contents of her purse out on the desk, assuming she had accidently put the keys in her purse on her way out. As soon as she saw that this wasn't the case, she knew the battle was over, and she had lost. Through her clenched fingers, she began peeing herself fully, first in long spurts, until it eventually became a stream of piss running through her fingers, down her legs, and onto the carpet, completely soaking her pants. Her face was bright red, hot with embarrassment as she had a full blown accident, feeling like a little girl who couldn't make it to the potty. She sat there in disbelief, completely shocked until her bowels reminded her that she was far from finished.

"No way!" She thought to herself, "Pissing my pants is one thing, but there is no way I'm doing THAT!" Looking down and inspecting the damage, she saw a telltale glimmer coming from under the bottom drawer of the desk. "THE KEYS!" She said excitedly, relieved that her ordeal was nearly over. That relief was short lived, however, when another cramp made her bend over and grab her ass in a last ditch effort to hold it together. She tried to bend down and grab the keys, but she was completely stuck. If she moved an inch, she knew would completely poop herself.

Tears welled in her eyes as the realization hit her, and almost instinctually, she squatted down like a toddler, and completely gave up. A rush of thick, solid poo made its way into her panties, pushing them out until making contact with her jeans, then spreading out until she had a bulge about the size of an apple at her rear, staining the surrounding denim brown. She released her bladder completely again as well, trickling out a bit more pee and spreading the brown stains down the back of her thighs slightly. She was sure there was no way she could be any more humiliated than she already was, until she looked up just in time to see Patricia come through the front door. This was going to be a million times worse than admitting she forgot to do inventory...

*004*2022-06-17 05:26

{{15 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Not bad, but I wish I didn't have to highlight the text to read it.

}}

Ah dang, sorry. I am new to posting on this site

