Pokemon: The (Bladder Stressed) Day Off

Author: wheatley

*000*2016-01-08 05:01

So I actually got a fanfiction.net account and made a pokemon story starring that Zapp fella from my pokemon super mystery dungeon story (except in his human life). I made a bit of progress and got this idea I was stalling all week. I decided I would do the story now and get it over with.

NOTE: I did not rip off Alexxx's pokespeak from his own stories, this is a simple metal disc- looking device put on a pokemon to allow trainers wearing the device to understand their pokemon. So if I stole anything other than the concept of communication with pokemon than sorry Alexxx and blame my ignorance.

###

Hey guys, Zapp here. You probably know me as that Pikachu kid from the last time we met. Actually, i'm still a pikachu, but in the human world. Alright, i'll tell you what happened, but it's a long story so you might want to get comfy.

So I was in the forest, in an old abandoned house in the middle of nowhere. It was the place I went with my pokemon to get some peace and quiet from wild pokemon trying to bite our limbs off and trainers who want our money. Anyways there were five pokemon on the couch (myself included). I was with Buizel, Snivy, Quilava, Zorua, and of course I was a pikachu, everyone with one of professor Oak's devices. Quilava, Buizel, and Zorua weren't wearing anything extra, but Snivy had a scarf and I still had my parka and fingerless gloves on.

Buizel: hey kid, how come you haven't changed back into a human?

Me: oh, the pokestone is recharging. I can't use any stones without it, But hey, i'm not complaining. I actually kind of enjoy being a pikachu.

Things were going pretty smooth for us. We were watching TV and had everything we needed in the kitchen. Time and time again one of us would go to the kitchen, gulp something down, and come back. It was about two hours before we started realizing our situation.

Zorua got off the couch and went down the hallway, which I didn't really understand until she came back.

Me: where were you going?

Zorua: I went to the bathroom, but I'm too short to reach the handle, so I came back.

Me: maybe I can try to open the door.

I got off the couch and went over to the bathroom door. Once I was there I just remembered my little problem.

Me: oh yeah, i'm a pikachu, which means i'm too short to reach the- right...

I could feel a lot of pressure building up on my own bladder, and the fact that my human form was the only thing that could reach the doorknob just made it worse.

*Snivy's POV*

I was fast asleep on the couch for about an hour. I woke up soon after from a sting coming from under my stomach.

Me: jeez, how much did I drink before I dozed off? Agh, well I hope the bathroom door's open.

I went to the bathroom from the kitchen, hoping Zapp was there. He always had a good plan, but he wasn't there. I got to the bathroom door seeing it was shut. And considering I'm the same height as Zapp's current form I couldn't reach the handle either. So I just stood there, squirming. I don't think Zapp or Zorua noticed me until they turned around.

Zapp: ok, umm... maybe we could... argh! I can't think on this much pressure! Oh, Snivy! how long were you standing there?

Me: long enough to know we have the same problem. I have to go as bad as you do.

Then Buizel came in, putting a hand at his crotch.

Buizel: hey guys, did you get the door open? I kind of need to use the toilet.

Zapp: Oh you've got to be kidding me. Well i'm expecting Quilava to have the same problem, so we need to come up with something fast.

Buizel: Maybe Zorua could use her illusion ability to take the form of someone who can open the door.

Zorua tried to take the right form, but she couldn't focus her ability and it wore off when she started panicking.

Zorua: tepig, froakie, turtwig, ARGH! I CAN'T FOCUS!

Me: Hey wait, you're a Sneaky fox pokemon, right? why don't you just go outside?

Zorua: Oh hey, why didn't I think of that? Oh wait, I did. I still can't reach the handle and there's no other way I can get out of the house.

Zapp: well, we all have to pee. And very badly too. I wonder how Quilava is dealing with it.

*Quilava's POV*

While the others were trying to find a way to empty their bladders I climbed up the kitchen sink and emptied mine before it became a problem. I felt my muscles relax as the urine gushed out of my body and into the drain. After I finished (approximately 2 minutes after I started) I went to the couch to relax.

*Zorua's POV*

I was dashing down the hallway trying to catch up with Zapp and Buizel, but I got hit with a wave of desperation forcing me to stop and shove a paw between my hind legs.

Me: Guys, I need some help!

Zapp stopped and ran to me while Buizel continued into the next room.

Zapp: what's wrong? I thought you were-

Me: I can't move... I don't even think I can remove my paw at this point...

Zapp: crap, alright just hold on for a bit longer, i'll find something for you.

*Zapp's POV*

I ran back to the front door and dug through my bag. I pulled out a spare T-shirt I packed for I don't know why, but I just ran back to Zorua holding the shirt.

Zorua: Zapp, hurry! I can't take it anymore!

I saw Zorua starting to leak, so I rushed over and put the balled up shirt under her crotch.

Zorua: th- thanks Zapp...

Me: no problem, now i'm gonna go before I get my gloves wet.

*Zorua's POV*

After Zapp left I removed my paw and released my bladder's content. I was known for having the weakest bladder of the group so I wasa surprised to have urinated for 3 minutes before I finished. After that I took the shirt and threw it in the wash, then went back to the living room to meet with the others.

*Buizel's POV*

I had no idea where Zapp went, but I went without him up to the kitchen sink and relaxed my bladder there. It seemed someone already used it, but it still worked. After that I went to find Zapp. I found him holding his crotch walking slowly through the hallway.

Me: you need help there buddy?

Zapp: y- yes, I actually do. Please.

I carried Zapp over to the palm tree so that he wouldn't wet himself. That's just what friends do.

Zapp: thanks Buizel.

Me: no problem. I'll meet you in the living room with the others.

*Zapp's POV*

After Buizel left I simply removed my hands and let my bladder do the rest. I had an extremely strong bladder, but I think Pikachu's body affected it somehow. Anyhow when I finished the plant was about to overflow, which was kind of shocking. Anyways I headed over to the living room where someone was missing.

Me: has anyone seen Snivy?

We heard a flush and then Snivy came in through the hallway, sighing with relief.

Snivy: Man, that was too close for comfort.

Me:me: Hey Snivy, where were you?

Snivy: I was in the bathroom, releasing my bladder from between my two extremely thin legs.

Me:me: I thought you couldn't open the door.

Snivy: I used vine whip to reach the handle. Very clever of me.

Zorua wasn't too happy to hear that.

Zorua: Why didn't you do that IN THE FIRST PLACE!?

It wasn't pretty seeing what happened next. Zorua started attacking Snivy, definitely not happy knowing she could have used the toilet the whole time. Anyways while that was happening the rest of us got up on the couch and went back to our show.

*006*2016-01-12 04:43

{{:

Me:am i the only one who wants to see fanart of each of them relieving themselves the way they did?

}}

I would do it but I cant draw s**. and not just because I have no arms.

*008*2016-01-13 00:49

{{:

No you're not

Okay 2 things. 1: I think I know a way we can get around that, pm me if you're interested. And 2: Are you serious about the no arms thing?

}}

Me:no, did you really fall for that? it was just a joke about my profile.

*011*2016-01-19 02:05

{{:

Am I allowed to make a request about these guys, because I really like the premise.

}}

Me:say what you must.

*013*2016-01-19 04:51

{{:

Could you write a story in which they're on a road trip and they all begin to get desperate. Zapp tells them that there's a rest stop nearby and to erasure them (and himself) that they'll be ok. But then, Zapp needs to recharge his pokestone so they pull over to recharge it (because he can't drive as a pikachu) and they have to hold it there. You can decide wether they make it or not.

Thanks in advance

}}

Me:sounds like a good idea. drawback however: Zapp is 13. pretty self explanatory there.

*016*2016-01-20 00:48

{{:

Yeah...

How about their being driven by a friend, (he can say that he belongs to his friend as an excuse to become a pikachu) and they pull over because there's car troubles

}}

Me:that actually gives me an idea. i'll get the story up soon, and in an individual topic. Just to balance things out.

*021*2016-01-21 00:09

{{:

I just realized something. Couldn't Zorua have used her illusion powers to shapeshift into a form she could open the door with?

}}

Me:well, that's the problem.

Zorua had to go really bad so she couldn't focus hard enough to take the right form and not wet herself.

*023*2016-01-22 01:20

{{:

There are actually a number of differences between the anime and games.

You know that seems like something that would've been worth mentioning in the story.

}}

I... actually kind of did. the story DID say she couldn't take the correct form and started panicking.

