Anxiety

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2018-11-03 12:56

I'm going to just let you guys know right now I use language that some people might find offensive in this piece. It isn't gratuitous, but fair warning. There are also descriptions of mental health issues that could be upsetting. Fair warning.

###

I don’t need to pee. I tell myself this firmly. I feel like I need to pee. That nervous throbbing between my legs is insistent. But it’s a liar, I remind myself. I don’t need to pee.

I shift position in my chair and try to pay attention. Sometimes this works. I’m able to distract myself and forget about the fact that I might, but probably don’t, need to pee. Sometimes it doesn’t work. Sometimes my mind gets trapped in a loop that I can’t break. A loop where all I can think about is how much I need to pee. And that I might wet myself.

The obvious thing to do would be to go to the toilet and pee. Maybe there will only be a trickle, even if moments before I went convinced I was about to lose control. I’ll have satisfied myself that I really don’t need to pee. But right now I can’t go to the bathroom.

I mean, I can. No one would care. Or really notice, probably. Someone definitely could go to the bathroom. Not me though. I’d rather sit here and squirm, pointlessly not listening. Rather that then get up and have people know I need to pee. I'm wasting my time. All I'm thinking about is pee. This is not a good place to be.

Your kidneys can process up to 4 cups of water per hour. I know that because I’ve memorized the Wikipedia article on kidney function. The average human bladder can hold only about 2 cups of urine. And it’s been half an hour since lunch... so maybe I do need to pee. I remind myself that I didn’t drink 4 cups of anything at lunch. I had a medium coffee and a half a bottle of water. I do the math...

That’s probably two cups. So I should have an hour. Wait... Is that how it works? What if kidneys just process the whole two cups in half an hour? I want to pull out my phone and look it up. But I can’t. It isn't socially appropriate to just start googling stuff about pee right now. I'll have to wait.

Did I remember to pee at lunch? Of course I did. I always do. But can I remember going to the bathroom at lunch? Maybe I didn't go. Maybe I forgot. Really? How could I possibly forget? I'm furious at myself. Katy... you ignorant fucking bitch.

I tell myself I shouldn't talk to myself like that. That it isn't good for me. That I need to forgive myself for tiny mistakes and lapses. Besides... I probably didn't forget. I probably just don't remember going. Who remembers every time they go to the bathroom? This shouldn't be such a big deal.

I clench my thighs. I need to pee. I can feel my muscle getting weaker, the relentless pressure of my overfull bladder pressing down on my pelvic floor. I should get up. Just get up! Katy, you stupid lazy bitch, just get the hell up.

I don't though.

I've kinda always done this. My whole life. Had a thing about people knowing I need to pee. Had a thing about maybe, conceivably, getting in trouble for needing to pee when I was meant to be doing other things. It was never a huge thing though. Like... it was a thing. But I have a lot of things. Like needing to say out loud to everyone I know that I love them before I go to sleep. Because otherwise they might die overnight and I didn't remember how I felt about them before they did. And then having to redo the whole thing because I might have forgotten someone. And feeling guilty about dropping my best friend from kindergarten off my list because I'm so tired from listing for an hour and a half and because she moved away five years ago and we haven't spoken since so maybe I don't love her anymore but how can I even think that because now she is going to die and so I have to start over again. I have a lot of things.

It became a much bigger thing of mine a couple of years ago. It's pretty obvious why.

I wet myself.

On a bus. All over the seat. All over my clothes. I just couldn't wait. I probably should have got off. I guess. But then I'd have just been in the middle of the suburbs and bursting to pee. I'm not just going to go in a gutter so I guess if I had done that I'd have just wet myself in the street.

Most people have a story like that. It isn't a big deal after you've got home and had a shower. It's not like anyone I know saw me or anything. Most people shrug off that sort of random embarrassment. I do not.

My thing about pee definitely got worse after that. Much worse. I've been taking tactical pees ever since. Going when I don't need to. Just in case. I haven't had another accident. But I've been worried I might a few times. A day. I've been worried I might a few times a day.

I've talked to my therapist about it. She says it's become a fixation. And I need to try to come up with ways to stop thinking about it. Yeah. Once I get into a loop I'm not going to stop thinking about it. I'm kinda OK about not getting into loops now. Better than I used to be. I still can't get out of them though.

I play with the hem of my skirt with my fingers. I get the seam between my forefinger and middle finger and slide it along the length of the hem for a bit. Then back. Then the first direction again. Then the other way. I have a little callus on my finger there now. Right on the first join. It's kind of soothing. I still need to pee, badly... but my mind is oh so slightly quieter.

I might wet myself. Here in this chair. The sudden warmth in my panties. The patter on the floor. Would everyone hear? Or is it distracting enough and loud enough that no one would notice? Or at least pretend not to notice? Until I need to get up anyway.

Get up. You stupid bitch. You ruin everything you stupid, stupid cunt. Just. Get. Up.

I can feel myself wanting to panic. I'm sweating. My heart is pounding. My vision is going all funny at the edges. My bladder is about to explode. I try to breathe like I'm supposed to. What will I do if I pee myself? Run from the room? Sob uncontrollably? Lock myself in my bedroom and never leave the house again?

My mind skims darker possibilities but doesn't settle on them. I have a lot of things.

I don’t need to pee. I tell myself this firmly.

###

This story is both entirely fictional and maybe the most honest thing I've ever said in public. It isn't fun or sexy, even though it would clearly like to be; it's very Katy.

*010*2018-11-07 13:56

{{On 11/4/2018 at 11:04 AM, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent

}}

{{On 11/5/2018 at 12:13 AM, Anubis said:

Not only is the story very Katy, but it's also very interesting. Thanks for sharing this with us.

}}

{{On 11/5/2018 at 3:16 AM, iop098 said:

As someone who suffers from heavy anxiety, this is a very good story!

}}

{{On 11/5/2018 at 5:51 AM, remos6 said:

Oof, that was heavy. My partner suffers badly with anxiety and this tallies with her descriptions of what it's like. I hope that this was somewhat cathartic to write, I have found that to be the case for me in the past.

}}

{{On 11/5/2018 at 8:31 AM, Ondinist said:

This rang true for me. My demons were not about pee but they were powerful demons nonetheless. All of us who have been through this dark place are on your side. Good luck.

}}

{{On 11/5/2018 at 1:21 PM, Weasel said:

Take care, Katy! Anxiety is a beast. Thanks for your bravery in writing and sharing this.

}}

{{On 11/6/2018 at 8:48 AM, Manowar said:

Thank you Katy for this story. I can say, sometimes I have exactly the same feelings...

}}

{{On 11/6/2018 at 8:58 AM, i like wet bikinis said:

There is something very compelling about truth and honesty, which this has, in shovelfuls.

}}

{{22 hours ago, Ares said:

This hits hauntingly close

}}

Thanks guys. For the good wishes. I really appreciate them.

I'm also really glad that people identified with what I was saying. I honestly wasn't sure how it was going to be received. I like to keep pushing the boundaries on what an omorashi story can be. And I definitely put a lot more of myself into this one than usual. I did do the listing loved ones thing every night from when I was 8 till I was 12. Though I wasn't worried they might die. I was scared that I would die in my sleep and that my last thought of them wouldn't have been a loving one. The pee aspect is pretty damn close to what 18-19 year old Katy might have written if she had the words. My anxiety is a fair bit better 15 years on.

I've written a bit more to this story. There is probably a third part, though a part of me rather dreads it. This story is still entirely fictional and still maybe the most honest thing I've ever said in public.

###

I don’t need to pee. I tell myself this firmly. I feel like I need to pee. That stinging pulsing between my legs is demanding. But it’s not true, I remind myself. I don’t need to pee.

I sit up straighter in my chair and try to think about something else. Something I like thinking about. Elections. Plot-lines for role-playing games. Very occasionally this works. I’m able to distract myself and forget about the fact that I probably, but possibly don’t, need to pee. Usually it doesn’t work. Usually by this stage my mind is trapped in a loop that I can’t break. A loop where all I can think about is how much I need to pee. And that I might wet myself. Might, but probably won't.

I'm not going to just get up and go to the bathroom. I might imply that that is because I don't want anyone to know I need to pee. That's not it. Not exactly. What I don't want is anyone to know I need to pee, but can't. For whatever reason. I would literally rather be uncomfortable. To risk having an accident. Then to have someone think, "Oh, Katy needs to pee but she is going to have to wait." I don't like people to think I want something I can't have. I find that humiliating. Literally worse than wetting myself. Somehow. I have a lot of things.

My bladder is full. It actually is. I touch it lightly through my shirt. Casually. I'm definitely not just physically touching my bladder to see if I really need to pee. That would be hella weird. Who does that?

I'm pretty sure I must have forgot to pee at lunch. No way is my bladder actually full this quickly otherwise. You stupid bitch Katy... God damn it.

I remember vaguely that my therapist said I shouldn't talk to myself like that. That it isn't good for me. That I need to forgive myself for tiny mistakes and lapses. Fuck her. She doesn't get it. If I were just responsible I wouldn't be in this position. I'm such a screw up I can't even remember to pee when I'm meant to.

I press my thighs together. I need to pee so bad. I can feel my muscles straining, the overwhelming pressure of my bursting bladder pressing down on my pelvic floor. I should get up. Just get up! Katy, you stupid lazy slut, just get the fuck up.

I don't though.

I've always done this. My entire life. Had a thing about people knowing I need to pee but can't. It was never a huge thing though. Like... it was a thing. One of many things. I have a lot of things. Like not being able to eat in front of people. And then having to make up elaborate lies for why I'm not eating when surely I must be hungry. And then worrying that maybe people will compare the lies I've told them and realize that they aren't the same lies because I don't plan ahead and have a consistent story because I'm so fucking stupid and if they work out I'm lying they'll try to find out the truth and I really, really, really don't want to have to talk about my issues with food with people because they'll look at me like I'm crazy. I have a lot of things.

That time I wet myself on the bus? No one else would have done that. I was bursting when I got on the bus. And it's not like I was rushing to catch it or anything. I'd needed to pee before I left my friend's house to get on. Like badly. But I didn't want to use her bathroom. Because, like, we are friends. So am I meant to ask? Or just excuse myself and go? And what if she says I can't use her bathroom. For some reason. Maybe it is being remodeled or something... and she is... peeing in the backyard? I hear the irrationality. But then she would know I needed to pee and couldn't go. Nope. I would rather try and hold it the whole bus ride home. Even if I'm at risk of wetting myself.

Most people don't have a story quite like that. But still. It isn't a big deal after you've got home and had a shower. It's not like anyone I know saw me or anything. Most people would shrug off that sort of random embarrassment if they somehow managed to get into that situation. I do not.

My thing about pee definitely got worse after that. After my luck ran out. Much worse. I've been taking tactical pees ever since. Going when I don't need to. Just in case. Whenever I can bring myself to. I haven't had another accident.

I've talked to my therapist about it. She says it's become a fixation. And I need to try to come up with ways to stop thinking about it. Yeah. Once I get into a loop I'm not going to stop thinking about it. I'm stuck thinking more or less the same stuff over and over. Even if it changes a bit in each iteration I'm still just thinking about peeing myself and how much I suck.

I play with the hem of my skirt with my fingers. I get the seam between my forefinger and middle finger and slide it along the length of the hem for a bit. Then back. Then the first direction again. Then the other way. I have a little callus on my finger there now. Right on the first join. It kind of hurts. The good kind of hurt. But it doesn't help distract me.

I really might just wet myself. Here in this chair. It's not like I haven't before. The final unstoppable spasm. The spreading pool. Would everyone see? Or are people unobservant enough that no one would notice? Or at least pretend not to notice? Until I need to get up anyway.

Get up. You are just a lying little bitch who ruins things and hurts the people she loves. You ruin everything you stupid, fucking cunt. Just! Get! Up!

I can feel myself starting to panic. I'm sweating buckets. My heart is pounding a blur. My vision is going all funny at the edges and the room is starting to wobble and spin. My hands are shaking so much I can't force them to stay still. My bladder is about to literally explode. I try to breathe like I'm supposed to. But I can't. What will I do if I pee myself? Run from the room? Sob uncontrollably? Lock myself in my bedroom and never leave the house again?

Hurt myself? I have a lot of things.

I don’t need to pee. I lie to myself desperately.

*015*2018-11-10 13:02

{{On 11/8/2018 at 2:21 AM, Melificentfan said:

I really loved that

}}

{{On 11/8/2018 at 1:28 PM, Sapphire3619 said:

It's not easy to explain anxiety to people who have never really experienced it, but you do it brilliantly. Thanks for sharing your skilled words

}}

{{On 11/9/2018 at 4:03 PM, Manowar said:

I can imagie any human being in the same state. Stupid, irrational fear of wetting oneself...

Great second part.

}}

Thank you so, so much. It is so hard to explain! Obviously everyone's experience is different. But this is a compilation of some of me.

{{On 11/9/2018 at 1:29 AM, AliasnameTO said:

It makes me wonder that while certainly not everyone struggles with hangups of the same intensity, there is probably a majority of people who are the same way about particular things. I know I can be. Even if it's totally irrational, the fear of judgment can be pretty strong.

The way some parts of this story were repeated in the second entry was really cool, and a great way to show the cyclical thoughts you might fall into.

}}

Thanks! I've been interested in the nature of cyclicity and choice for a very long time. I've played with those themes in a number of my stories here actually. Particularly 'Don't Pee Your Pants'.

###

I don’t need to pee. I lie to myself desperately. It isn't working. I can't. I can't. I can't convince myself. I can't hold on. I should have got up when I still could. I need to pee. I'm going to pee.

You know that moment when it goes from "I might pee my pants" to "I'm actually going to pee my pants"? It's not a good moment. It's a bad moment.

I twist around in my chair and try to find a position that lets me last just a little longer. I can't think of anything but how much I need to pee. My mind is trapped in a loop that I can’t break. A loop where all I can think about is how much I need to pee. And that I'm going to wet myself. Definitely going to.

I can't just get up and go to the bathroom. Partly because, honestly, I might not make it anyway. Partly... I just can't handle the whole situation. I just can't cope. Action requires energy. It requires will. It requires the tiniest bit of bravery. A single drop of bravery can dissolve a thousand fears. I have only the fears. Legions of them. Inaction... just requires me to wait. It's a negation. An acceptance. I have a lot of things.

My bladder is full. It is so fucking full. I don't dare let my arms get anywhere near it for fear of bumping myself and triggering the flood.

I'm certain I forgot to pee at lunch. I rage at myself inwardly. You stupid bitch Katy... God damn it you stupid fucking whore.

My therapist says I shouldn't talk to myself like that. That it isn't good for me. That I need to forgive myself for tiny mistakes and lapses. Fuck her. She doesn't get it. She isn't me. No one understands me. Fuck Katy. Fuck fuck fuck. I want to claw out my eyes.

I grind my thighs together. I need to pee so incredibly badly. I've never in my life needed to pee so much. I can feel my muscles fatiguing, the crushing pressure of my straining bladder compressing my pelvic floor. I can't get up. Just get up! Katy, you stupid lazy slut, just get the fuck up. Arrrrgh. I hate myself.

I don't get up.

I've always done this. My entire life. Freezing when I get stressed. It was never a huge thing though. Like... it was a thing. One of many things. I have a lot of things. Like not being able to eat in front of people. I don't eat in front of people because I'm scared. Scared they will judge me for what I'm eating. Or not eating. Scared they will laugh at me if I forget my lunch. Scared they will feel bad for me if I don't get to eat for some reason. And I like being hungry. It's a pain I have control over. I could always fix it. But if I just don't eat I get to carry it around with me all day. It's something that doesn't own me. Except that... obviously it does. I have a lot of things.

That time I wet myself on the bus? I relive it constantly. Poring over every detail. Every decision that I fucked up. Every stupid mistake that no one else would have made. But you know what? I'm not mad I didn't pee at my friend's house. I'm mad I drank a cup of tea at her house. It would have been rude to refuse. But I should have managed somehow. What the hell is wrong with me? I know that isn't the right lesson to take from that experience. But it's the only one I'm allowed to draw.

Most people don't think like that. Most people would... never even consider thinking like that. What is wrong with me?

My thing about pee definitely got worse after that. After my luck ran out. Much worse. I've been taking tactical pees ever since. Going when I don't need to. Just in case. Whenever I can bring myself to. I haven't had another accident. Gone close. Several times.

I've talked to my therapist about it. She says it's become a fixation. And I need to try to come up with ways to stop thinking about it. Yeah. Once I get into a loop I'm not going to stop thinking about it. I'm stuck thinking more or less the same stuff over and over. Even if it changes a bit in each iteration I'm still just thinking about peeing myself and how much I suck.

I grip the hem of my skirt with my fist. I get the seam between my forefinger and middle finger and squeeze. It digs in under the little callus on my finger. It hurts. A lot. I deserve this.

I'm really going to wet myself. Here in this chair. It's not like I haven't before. The final unstoppable spasm. The spreading pool. Everyone will see. Everyone will laugh. I almost want it to happen. To be over with. So I can look back on this for the rest of my life but not actually be here.

Get up you horrible, stupid, dumb, and ugly, fat, and stupid, simple self hating bitch. You ruin everything you stupid, fucking cunt. Just! Get! Up! You will probably still make it if you just get up.

I'm panicking. I'm sweating. My heart is exploding. My vision dances and whirls like I might be sick. My hands are shaking so hard I can't control them. My bladder is about to literally erupt. I can't remember what to do. A mini loop. I can't remember what to do. I can't remember what to do. What will I do when I pee myself? Run from the room? Sob uncontrollably? Lock myself in my bedroom and never leave the house again?

Hurt myself? Kill myself? I have a lot of things.

I feel myself starting to pee.

###

I'm definitely done with this story now. Thanks everyone for indulging me! I hope... 'enjoyed' is the wrong word. But anyway. I pinky promise my next story will be much cheerier/sexier!

*019*2018-11-13 12:12

{{On 11/11/2018 at 2:55 AM, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent I loved it

}}

Thanks!

{{On 11/11/2018 at 3:56 AM, AliasnameTO said:

It's almost a shame that's the end hehe, as the consequences of this more recent wetting might affect her anxiety for better or worse. But I guess that's not the point of the story. Thank you very much for sharing it.

}}

No worries thanks for reading it! Obviously this is somewhat of a pick-and-mix autobiography rather than a straight-up retelling. So the better or worse question is interesting. Probably worse... but it’d depend on context I didn’t give. Like where actually am I when this story is taking place?

{{4 hours ago, Manowar said:

Does it mean, that "opimistic Katy" will be back soon?

Thanks for this story. Very good and different.❤

}}

I sure hope so! We’ll see though. I defo have lighter stories in mind. I do love different!

