There's a Pee in the AWP For a Reason

Author: WriteAboutPee

*000*2020-05-15 21:52

This story is loosely based on the game CS:GO. If you're not familiar with the game, an AWP is a sniper, and CT stands for Counter-terrorist. In other words, this is a sniper desperation story.

Please enjoy!

=======

The CT's hands trembled, the AWP scope becoming shaky as his breathing hitched. Far too long had he been waiting for his target to appear along the lengthy catwalk. His body ached from sitting so still, one foot seeming to have fallen asleep, and his vision wavering in and out occasionally, most likely from dehydration.

Perhaps the most concerning factor, more so than having fallen into a microsleep a couple of times, was the growing intense pressure within his lower abdomen. He first felt it about four hours into his stakeout but didn't care enough to give it any attention. Now, it was taking over his thoughts and concentration. How long had it been since he last took a piss?

He winced, squeezing his legs to keep himself together as his bladder reminded him just how full it was. The CT didn't need reminders, thank you very much. He already had plenty, his bladder having become overly sensitive to every little movement. Even breathing proved to be a struggle, his diaphragm pushing against his stomach causing him to shallow his breaths in hopes he wouldn't aggravate his bladder.

A glance at his watch told him it had been three minutes since he last checked the time. Where the fuck was this target? He'd been waiting here for six hours with no one in sight. Any time now would work for him, though the way things were going, he began to wonder if he'd have to wait another hour.

Another hour... the mere thought of waiting that long caused the CT to press his legs together. He already suffered through the past half hour, trying to ignore waves of desperation that had him whimpering and squirming. His usual unbreakable concentration had snapped, and all he could do was long for a toilet.

He considered peeing off to the side, then shook his head, knowing he couldn't go even if he tried. The CT wouldn't call himself pee shy, but some variation of that. A picky bladder was a better term. He could only piss comfortably in a quiet bathroom, either a single room or with stalls (urinals offered too many peering angles), or at home. The irrational fear of someone watching him from the shadows or hearing him through the walls lead to long days of discomfort and holding. Thankfully, he hadn't had an accident in a few years, but he definitely leaked trying to undo his pants in front of the toilet more than he was proud to admit.

Just thinking of other times he had been desperate made him even needier for a bathroom. The CT wriggled, shifting the AWP into one hand as his other hand dipped between his legs, trying to grip his dick through his pants. Like that would work. The thick fabric meant to keep him from bleeding out now worked against him and he couldn't squeeze hard enough to provide much needed relief for himself. Reluctantly, he moved his hand away and rested on his stomach, feeling how bloated he was.

Bouncing his legs seemed to help a little, though it compromised any chance of hitting a clean shot with the AWP. At this point, he almost couldn't care about hitting straight. "Take your sweet time, you fucking terrorists," he muttered under his breath. They had better come in the next few minutes. Not only would he have to fight them with a full bladder, but if he won, he'd have to wait until a helicopter lifted his team back to HQ before he even had access to a bathroom. Just thinking about the long wait before he could relieve himself worsened his need. Chewing his lip, he tried detaching his brain from his body by focusing on the boring sight before him, though his mildly pulsing bladder kept irritating him, wanting to stay relevant in his mind. keeping him from completely blocking out his growing need.

One particularly sharp pulse took his full attention and a few drops escaped his tip. "Shit!" The CT tucked his legs under him, wincing as his hands pressed against his crotch and he leaned forwards. "Fuck, I have to pee." Again he tried to grip his dick, but the clothing proved again to be a bitch. By sheer will, he forced the threatening urine back up his shaft and into his bladder, or so he imagined. A quick check over himself showed no signs of damage, though his boxes felt a little wet against his penis.

'Stop it,' he scolded himself, removing his hands. 'You're a trained agent. You're use to ignoring your needs. Shit like this shouldn't distract you.' As though his bladder could read his thoughts, another wave hit him, resulting in larger drops slipping out. The CT groaned, pressing his fists into his crotch. Dread of not making it to the bathroom in time cycled through his head louder than before.

Maybe if he lay down, he could find a better way to hold himself. Gingerly, he lowered himself to the ground... and immediately regretted it. Pressure from his swollen bladder against the ground and his utility digging at his hips nearly sent him over the edge. He twisted his body until he found a rather uncomfortable yet efficient position to lay in. Though he still felt full, the pain subsided to a dull ache. The CT settled himself back into concentrating down the catwalk, searching for movement that would signal a chance to end the mission and go home. Nothing.

He may have gotten too comfortable for when the next wave hit, it was by sheer luck the CT reacted fast enough to keep himself from losing all control, though a short stream did escape.'Fucck...' he moaned. 'I'm gonna piss myself...' He berated himself for thinking that. There was no way in hell in he was letting himself wet like a child. Not when he was a grown man who had an accident free record for a few years. 'I can hold it. I can hold it. Shit, I have to pee...'

"Delta 4, report in." The little voice in his earpiece made him jump and a rather large spurt escaped him before he pulled himself back under control. His determination to stay dry until he could use a bathroom quickly ebbed away. His boxers were significantly damp now, and he wondered if other drops had escaped without his knowledge. "Delta 4?"

Reluctantly, he sat up, leaving the AWP unattended. Whatever water he had left in his kidneys rushed through his body and right into his bladder, causing his cock to spring a leak. Wiggling his hips, one hand caressing what he could feel of his rock-hard stomach, the CT took a deep breath before he flicked on his mic. He had turned it off so his team didn't hear him swearing and whimpering for the past half hour. "Delta 4, reporting in. No sign of the target yet..." For a moment, he considered asking Delta 1 if he could get a relief shift. But he scrapped the idea as quickly as it came, shyness overcoming him at the thought of having to explain why he wanted one.

Relief. Fuck, he didn't even remember what that felt like.

He doubled over as another spasm hit him, biting his tongue to stay silent even a stream of urine shot from his dick. "Shit," he breathed, unaware he wasn't saying that in his head.

"Delta 4? Everything okay?" The CT frowned. Fucking hell, Delta 1 probably picked up on some tiny detail the CT forgot to conceal. This was the downside to having a smart leader. They always knew what normal looked like and if anything changed, something was wrong.

"Yeah, I'm f...fine. Why?" The CT didn't mean for it to sound so sharp nor did he mean to make it sound like he was having a stroke.

"Sounds like you just ran a marathon."

The CT tried to slow his breathing, but it made him feel even more desperate. "I-It's just hot. Heat's... ah, getting to me... yeah."

"You want me to bring you some water?"

"No! No, no, I'm good." Even the word water filled his bladder more. Oh fuck, he was leaking again. The CT squeezed his eyes shut to keep from reacting. "I'm fine," he strained to say, and he heard his voice reflect it.

"Okay..." Delta 1 sounded suspicious. "You sure?"

"Yes, sir."

"If you say so... Over."

"Roger that." He turned off his mic and moved to pick up the AWP.

His bladder had other plans. Overstretched and exhausted, it sent out a short yet violent stream of urine. "Oh, fuck, that feels good—nononono not now..." The CT rasped. No amount of squirming could ease his bladder nor stop the stream. Half crawling and half dragging himself to a wall, the CT used it as support to stand up, now able to use his body to its fullest and stop the leaking. A glance at his pants showed a tiny, but noticeable mark on the front. Most of his urine had pooled at the crotch, the tip of his cock swimming in the warm liquid and teasing his bladder to release. Standing up and shifting from foot to foot drained the piss down one leg and into his boot. The sudden dampness at his feet caused his toes to curl and his mood to worsen.

Now that he was standing, it was more apparent just how full he was. His stomach had swollen so much that both his Kevlar chest plate and utility belt dug into it on opposite sides. Crossing his legs gave little relief, and bouncing up down proved just how heavy his bladder was. He no longer felt waves of urgency, but one continuous mass that bit away at his tip. Sweat lined his forehead as embarrassment torched his cheeks, memories of his stubborn 5 year old self refusing to use the bathroom running through his head. What a sight it must be if anyone were watching: a 35 year old man doing a pee-pee dance and becoming extremely whiny about having to go to no one in particular, all because he was too shy to ask for a piss break.

The CT recrossed his legs, his spurts becoming short streams. He needed to get this utility belt off. He needed a hand in his pants, gripping his cock. His shaky, pee-covered gloved hands worked at the belt as he practically hopped from foot to foot. Multiple times, his hands slipped, slowing the process. It also didn't help he had to stop working on his belt to help his legs keep the contents in his bladder.

The belt finally came off, but it was too late. The shift in pressure as the belt unsnapped was too much for his overworked bladder and his body gave up. "Shit!" The CT jammed a hand into his pants and clenched his dick, trying to stop the stream, trying to ignore the blissful sensation relief gave him. Even his hand didn't have enough strength to stop the cascading piss. A last effort to stop himself only settled the realization of how powerless he was against his body. And finally, he gave up fighting.

The CT leaned against the wall, horror, pleasure, and anger mixing in his head as he emptied himself. He didn't want to look down. If he didn't see the damage, he probably didn't leak too badly. Or so his logic went, even as liquid drizzled down his legs and splashed at his feet. He wanted something to blame for losing control. He wanted to grab himself and stop the flow, even if he knew it wouldn't work. He also wanted the feeling of pissing himself while in uniform to never end.

His sixth sense told him someone else was watching, and when he checked the area, sure enough, Delta 1 stood nearby, no readable expression on his face. Now the CT only had one emotion. Guilt. He hung his head, wishing the terrorists would shoot him right now. He squeezed his legs together, trying to stop the flow, which was basically nothing but some leftover dribbles.

A new fear entered his head as the captain's gaze burned through his soul. What if this cost him his rank, if not his job? He'd never forgive himself for being so arrogant and against pissing wherever, like every other agent. Blinking rapidly, he tried to shrug off the whole scene with a smile, but failed when he felt a tear slide down his cheek. For Christ's sake, at this point he might as well give up control of all bodily fluids at that point.

Delta 1 approached him. "You know, you're always allowed to ask for a relief shift." The CT didn't respond, nor did he look up from the ground and the puddle he made at his feet. He heard Delta 1 pick up the utility belt, checking the utility's condition for anything that might suddenly blow up or burn them. "Do you need an extraction?"

The CT shook his head. "I can still fight," he said, his voice so tiny Delta 1 leaned forwards slightly to hear.

Delta 1 nodded and gave the CT and affectionate squeeze on the shoulder as he handed him the utility belt. "Don't hesitate to ask for relief if you have to go again." The CT nodded and wiped his tear away, making sure not to use the part of his arm covered in pee. Delta 1 gave a sympathetic look before patting the CT on the back and leaving him alone.

The CT put the belt back on and lowered himself to the ground once more, collecting the AWP. Everything felt cold, damp, and sticky, and he hated it. His pants clung to his legs and his boxers had bunched up around his dick. He felt his toes rubbing against his socks, knowing they'd be raw by the time he could clean up. His bladder still hurt, though he had no piss left.

60 seconds later, the terrorists appeared.

=======

This is the first time I've posted any sort of omo content, so excuse me while I go curl up in a corner from embarrassment.

Feel free to comment and provide feedback on what I can improve!

For those that are familiar with CS:GO, let me know what map you imagined the CT on (since I didn't specify it)! I personally was thinking about Mirage.

