(Jenny Series) Getting on the naughty list

Author: Wet19

*000*2018-12-20 20:26

Here's a short one:

Jenny sat on the couch to watch Netflix and eat some pizza rolls she had warmed up for a quick lunch. Though she was on winter break, she still had a little homework to do, so she decided on one episode while she ate then homework. As she finished her rolls, Megan came in from the garage.

"You're home early." Jenny said in pleasant surprise.

"Yep, they gave us a half day at the office today, and we get another half day tomorrow for the holidays." Megan replied.

"Oh, that's nice of them!" Jenny smiled as she stood up to hug and kiss her girlfriend. Megan dropped her bag, took her coat off and tossed it on the floor. Before Jenny could get her arms around Megan, she was unfastening her belt and work pants.

"I have to pee really bad." she said as she hastily removed her shoes and pants and pulled her panties to her knees. Then she squatted and peed directly onto the carpet. Jenny watched with mild arousal as a powerful stream splattered on the carpet beneath Megan. Urine rushed in all directions creating a large wet spot that enveloped her feet. Megan sighed lightly with relief as her stream began to slow. Before she was completely finished she stood up and pulled up her panties. The crotch quickly became quite wet and a small amount of pee trickled to the floor for no more than a couple of seconds before waning to dribbles. She squeezed her bladder and got one last spurt out. It went a little sideways and ended up running down her leg. "Ah, that's better!" she exclaimed. She stepped out of the wet spot to reveal two small dry spots where her feet had been. She picked up her stuff and headed toward the bedroom.

A minute later, Megan emerged from the bedroom wearing only a t-shirt and the panties she had just peed a little in. She admired her wet spot as she walked past it and joined Jenny on the couch. Jenny hadn't unpaused Netflix yet, she instead had gotten distracted with gently rubbing herself on the outside of her jeans while replaying in her head what Megan had just done. Megan winked at her and then began to rub herself on the outside of her damp panties. A minute late she slid both of her hands into her panties and went into full masturbation. Jenny needed no more coaxing, she quickly unfastened her jeans and slipped her hands down her own pants.

Megan turned and laid on her back on the couch, placing her head on Jenny's leg, with her legs spread. Jenny instantly saw that Megan was not wearing a bra and her hard nipples were poking through her shirt. Jenny admired Megan's sexy athletic body as Megan gently squirmed, breathed heavily and occasionally delicately moaned. Megan pulled her hands out and removed Jenny's shirt and bra, then both girls put their hands back in their own panties. Megan repositioned herself so she could lick and suck on Jenny's nipples while they played with themselves.

Jenny stopped masturbating. Megan's sucking and licking pushed her right to the edge but she didn't want to climax quite yet. Her body thought differently though, and the sensation on her breast pushed her unwillingly over the edge. Her body twitched as a shock wave of pleasure exploded through her body, causing her to almost smother Megan with her boob. She put her fingers back to work at once to try to prolong and intensify her orgasm, which worked wonders. Megan continued sucking and licking despite Jenny no longer being able to sit still. As Jenny's climax began to recede, Megan's body suddenly convulsed and she began to moan loudly as she orgasmed.

At some point she had removed her panties and was now squirting cum all over the couch. Megan's climax was over quickly, but she was now masturbating vigorously to try for a second one. With her eyes closed and her teeth biting her lip, the second one came quickly. She moaned even louder this time and again squirted cum all over the couch. Her second orgasm lasted quite a bit longer, long enough to make Jenny slightly envious. Jenny considered going again to try for another orgasm, but was already trying to relax enough to release her full bladder into her pants and the couch cushion.

Megan stretched her legs out over the mess she had made on the couch and closed her eyes, still laying on Jenny's leg. Jenny put her arm across her lover's chest, just below her breasts. A slight smile came over Megan's face momentarily, then she said "You can continue watching your show now. I might just take a nap right here." Jenny smiled slightly, then picked up the remote off the arm of the couch. She paused before hitting play. She had finally relaxed enough and a slow, hot trickle was forming in her crotch. She waited patiently for it to slowly pick up to a full stream. "You're a naughty girl!" Megan said in a flirty tone when she heard the faint hissing from Jenny's crotch.

"You're one to talk!" Jenny retorted, also in a flirty tone. Megan just smiled, raised her eyebrows slightly and cocked her head to the side, almost as if to say "Yeah, all well." There was a gentle trickling noise as Jenny's pee ran off the front of the couch and pooled on the carpet. Once Jenny was finished she turned the volume down on the TV so Megan could nap and then played her show. Her jeans remained unfastened until she got up to do homework three episodes later.

