A Wet Night in a Mansion

Author: Warrior of light

*000*2011-06-13 03:18

10:30pm

*loud video game noises*

"Ha I win again Ty." said a very cheerful Frosslass. Fross, her name, was a very determined very powerful pokemon. She had gleaming blue eyes and snowy white hair (no pun intended) and a very icy attitude. (bad pun intended ;)) Wearing her signature white robe and panties almost everywhere she is not hard to spot.

"In your face."

"Oh you totally got lucky." retorted Ty, a Typhlosion with an attitude as hot as his flamethrower. He doesn't look that bad either. He, unlike many of his kind have eyes that change colors depending on his emotions red being neutral which is most of the time. He usually wears his signature T-shirt with flames around the collar and long beige pants unless there is a special occasion.

He and Fross have been friends for as long as they could remember and they always had each others backs as well. They are titled the double battle overlords at school and are always up for challenges.

"Face it you will never beat me at this." gloated Fross

"Hey! I've beaten you before." Ty retorted

"Yeah because I feel pity on you and LET you win." she said

"Oh yeah right." he said with an obvious hint of sarcasm

"Yeah, RIGHT!" she repeated

"I'm supposed to believe that?"

"You better believe it and I'll prove it tomorrow." she said turning off the game. In her hand was a half emptied water bottle.

"Fine then but I will totally show you up ." he said getting up from the chair he was sitting in. He threw away his water bottle and followed Fross to the bedrooms. Even though he has been here before, he still needed Fross to lead him everywhere stating how HUGE her parent's mansion is.

"Remind me how you find your way out of our room, much less this house." Ty said.

"It's not hard if you've lived in it since ever." she replied even though she wondered that herself."Well I'm tired," she said as she finished her bottle of water. "Good night Ty."

"Same to you Fross."

1:50am

Ugh. hmm its still dark? I usually don't wake up this early. thought Ty. As he tried to fall back asleep he felt a small twinge in his bladder that jolted him back awake.

What the? Hmm maybe i should take care of this but then again I would need a map to figure out this place in the morning. I wont bother. Ignoring his bladder's warning he, once again, went to sleep. First mistake.

2:27am

As soon as he fell asleep another twinge, sharper than the last, jolted him back awake.

Ugh obviously I wont get a good sleep with this. Still so early but I'm sure I can handle it. I just need something to pass the time.

He grabbed his bag and pulled out some gaming magazines and started reading. This strategy worked for all of five minutes until the pressure started worsening. Soon he was squirming in the bed and it became almost impossible to concentrate on the magazine.

He was getting irritated and his eyes turned orange. (color for angry)

Grr really, sigh this is bad . How much did I drink anyway? Well I would have preferred to avoid this but its becoming obvious that I wont make it dry if I don't take care of this.

Carefully he got out of bed and exited the room, because of the darkness he took his hand and lit his fingers like a match to illuminate the way.

3:45am

By this time things looked bleak. Ty's bladder was definitely full and the pressure was intense. He was getting desperate and searched every door he found. AKA a lot of doors.

Not it....Not it....NOT IT. ARRGH they have about 20 kitchens and living rooms but no flipping restroom?

Soon he had to keep holding his crotch and keep his legs pressed together while trying to find somewhere to relieve himself. All of a sudden he tripped and he could feel some warm urine spurted out.

Gah! *thud* ow...sigh that was close. I hope its not noticeable. The wet spot was as he'd hope unnoticeable. Just about the size of a pebble. Just then something made him tremble in horror. When he looked down he saw that he was kneeling in a puddle bigger than his head. The thought that it might just have been water calmed him for all of two seconds until the faint scent of urine reassured him that it was not and his eyes turned as blue as Fross'.

No...that can't possibly be mine....although if it isn't, whose is it? Anyway figure that out later I have to hurry before something similar happens to me.

4:00am

More doors more desperation. By this time it was obvious that he was desperate. Squirming with his hands clutching his crotch doing anything to stop the inevitable.

Sigh one last door. as he opened the door he was surprised to see inside that he was right where he started. WHAAAT! I've been going in a complete circle this whole time. Damn this stupid mansion!

His fury caused him to momentarily lose control until the warmth of urine slapped him into reality. Damn I'm screwed why did I drink so much water anyway? I'm a fire type! Sigh okay back to work. Soon after his bladder was at his peak his muscles weakening he was about to give up hope and go right there until a faint sound spiked his curiosity. As he drew closer the sound became clearer as if someone was crying. A closer look revealed it to be none other than... What the-- Fross? Before his eyes he saw Fross on the floor in a puddle, her robe drenched in pee, crying her eyes out.

"Fross, what happened?"

"Leave me alone."

"Wha' no, why?"

"Just go!" she said shooting a shadow ball at her friend.

Easily dodged he tried to confront her once more. "Listen it's fine these things happen to anyone."

"No! they don't" she sobbed.

"Yes, they do. Most people go through this."

"Not in their own house Ty. It's pathetic and demeaning. You wouldn't understand anyway. It hasn't happened to you yet." Little did she know.

"Yes it has."

"When? Name one time."

"Actually..." At this point he had to swallow his pride for his friend so even though he didn't want to. He did it. The faint hissing sound captured Fross' attention. She couldn't believe what she was seeing. She could only watch as Ty half-willingly drenched his tight beige pants, urine streaming down his legs into his socks and shoes and on the floor. He continued wetting for about a minute until the stream slowed to a trickle.

"Ty y-you didn't have to do that."she finally said.

I wanted to; to prove that it can happen to anyone. Come on let's get ourselves cleaned up."

After a quick change of clothes the two found there way back to the bedroom.

"Thanks btw."

"It's fine but there is one question. How did you end up that way anyway?"

"Oh, well....."

*003*2011-06-13 19:55

There is going to be a continuation later describing Fross' point of view and some other stories with them as well but when I have time to do it.

*005*2011-06-23 01:34

(The following covers the previous chapter in Fross' perspective.)

*Backtrack*

"Thanks BTW."

"It's fine but there is one question. How did you end up that way anyway?"

"Oh, well....."

2:00am that same morning

*yawn* Huh? still dark. *yawn* Too early. good night.

As her head hit the pillow her bladder sent her another warning. Wha.. is that what this is about sigh whatever it can wait till morning.

2:20am

One powerful jolt later quickly told her that her bladder was NOT playing around. It forced her out of sleep. Ugh that one kinda stung. Groan, so not the time for this. she thought trying to eliminate some of the pressure off her bladder. Hoping the swift movements she made didn't wake up her friend, she took a quick glance at Ty. Once reassured that he wasn't waking up she tried to figure out a way to deal with her situation.

Stubborn bladder I couldn't have possibly drank that much today. Obviously I wont get much sleep if this goes on so I better fix this. As she exited the room she was greeted by darkness. Not a problem, however, she was a ghost Pokemon, her vision can adapt to darkness better than the average Pokemon. Still though it doesn't make it entirely brighter, just good enough to see where she was going. And so she proceeded on her search. Thinking she knew where to go she had no reason to hurry, taking her time doing what she wanted. Until she got to the door. What the?!

2:45

What the?! This is the living room! The shock that event gave her added even more pressure unto her bladder and she was soon feeling the effects. This was not the time for leisure she had to find a bathroom soon.

Grr, its times like these that make me regret having only one bathroom in this huge place. She thought. Her legs were pressed together as she came a cross a fork in the road so to speak. Oh great, now which way do I go? Hmm....I remember heading through this way so I guess I'll try it.

3:15

Not it....Not it....NOT IT. ARRGH WHY CANT I FIND IT?! By this time there was no question that she was desperate. Her hands pushing her robe into her pee hole walking slowly and carefully as not to leak into her white cotton panties. She was quickly getting exhausted and annoyed after failing one attempt after another. She winced as another spasm struck her and another and another.

As she entered another room she soon made it out to be... THE GAME ROOM ARE YOU SERIOUS? The game room is so far from the restroom though which means I've been going the wrong way all this time! All the shock and frustration made her lose control. The urine flooded through her panties and leaving a huge wet spot on her robe. A small puddle grew before she stopped the flow. Tears welled in her eyes from the pain and embarrassment and although the incident may have brought some relief it was only temporary as her bladder was still very full.

After a few minutes she regained her balance and again started to search for the restroom.

4:00

By this time it was her breaking point. Taking baby step after baby step and eventually stopping every once and awhile to regain control, she went on. Getting more desperate with every step. She knew she wasn't going to make it but she had too much pride to stop. Finally reaching an entrance for another room.

"O-O-One last d-door." She managed to say. She hesitated upon remembering that he needed one of two hands to complete this task and then slowly crossed her legs keeping he left hand clenched in between and removed her other hand. The movement released some more urine as she reached for the doorknob. As she gripped the knob and opened the door she felt another huge spasm hit her and she slipped landing on her knees.

As she fell she instantly lost control and the floodgates opened releasing a torrent of urine out of her pee hole. "No NO NO please NO!!" she cried. The pee drenched her robe clothes and splattered on the floor as the puddle grew larger. All he did was sit there, fists clenched, and cry as she uncontrollably wet herself in her own home. After a minute the steady stream finally slowed down and stopped. Still motionless she kept crying from the embarrassment or the incident that just happened. Just then she was startled to hear a familiar voice.

"Fross, what happened?"

###

Back in present time

"...and that's what happened." Fross said after the explanation. Some tears ran down from reliving those memories but she held on.

"Wow must have been a rough time." Ty replied.

"Yeah, but its over now at least." said Fross. "You are going to keep this a secret right?" she whispered."

"Hmm...let me think about that."

"TY!" she screamed

"Hey come on, you know I'm kidding. I would never tell anyone."

"Thanks." she said reassured.

"Well let's try this again. Good night."

"Same to you Ty. Oh and remember to at least try to not get pwned today."

"Ha ha so funny."

The two laughed and fell asleep once more. This time sure they wont wake up for a while.

