Stargazer

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2016-02-24 02:32

It was surprisingly easy.

There were a lot of things that Zoe could have thought as she wet herself for the very first time, as an adult anyway.

She could have focused on physical sensations; The warmth in her panties, the tingling of her skin, the feel of the warm stream that somehow ran evenly down both her legs even though she would never quite manage to do that again.

She could have focused on emotions; The excitement of something new and fascinating, the embarrassment that must surely have already been creeping up her insides.

She could have focused on something completely different altogether from the most immediate and obvious parts of her reality. She did that a lot. Her teachers called it daydreaming and had generally roused her for it. Her father called it stargazing and never minded at all.

But no. As her pee pattered gently into a very interesting puddle right in the middle of her best friend Megan's kitchen floor the thing Zoe thought about was how surprisingly easy it was to wet yourself if you really wanted to.

She didn't get to finish that thought entirely because at that point Brooke managed to stop laughing just long enough to half-gasp and half-shriek "Zoe's wetting herself!" before dissolving back into helpless gales of giggles. Brooke laughed so hard and so long that it wouldn't have surprised Zoe if she had ended up wetting herself as well, she did sometimes, everyone knew that. If Brooke had a stronger bladder it might never have occurred to Zoe that wetting herself all over Megan's kitchen floor would be an interesting thing to do.

Brooke knows what this feels like.

Even though Zoe herself hadn't yet decided exactly what wetting yourself feels like, her next thought was about how Brooke would be able to identify with her. Though probably not, not really. Brooke sometimes had accidents when she laughed too hard. That's quite a different thing from deliberately peeing your pants in front of your friends isn't it? Brooke almost certainly couldn't identify with that impulse. She could only relate to the wetness. Which is still more than Megan and Annette who had, to the best of Zoe's knowledge, absolutely no memory of what it feels like to wet yourself. Accidentally or deliberately.

Zoe hadn't got up that morning planning to pee on Megan's kitchen floor. It had just been something she'd been thinking about for a while. What would it feel like to wet myself? She didn't even know what started it. That dream she'd had before graduation where she peed in front of the whole school? Maybe. Or maybe she had that dream because she was already thinking about it. It was hard to be sure. Zoe had even tried to pee in her underwear a couple of weeks back standing in the shower. She hadn't been able to do it even though she had needed to pee rather badly. That's why it was such a surprise that her bladder had yielded immediately this time. Maybe it was because she had been laughing first? Had that tired out her muscles? Obviously she was going to have to conduct further experiments later on.

But everyone had stopped laughing now. It was time to stop thinking things and start doing things. Be less weird. Thinks the girl who just deliberately peed herself in front of her friends. Where was that thought thirty seconds ago? Zoe was embarrassed now. A lot. All at once. Don't cry. That would be stupid. Brooke does this all the time and she never cries. Annette casually tossed her a roll of paper towels and Zoe gratefully crouched and started sopping up her pee. No need to look at people when you are looking at your puddle.

What was I thinking?

But before she had enough time to get into her head she felt a hand on her shoulder. "Don't worry about it Zo." Megan said, still chuckling a little. "Hop in the shower and I'll grab you some of my clothes."

*002*2016-02-24 04:12

{{:

Your storytelling is one of my favorite things about this site. So neat and elegant, and yet titillating at the same time. :)

Makes me want to be better. :)

}}

Oh thank you so much:) Efficiency is my thing :p

I'm really glad you like it!

*007*2016-02-24 22:20

{{:

Very nice story, but now I really want to read about the implications of Brooke's identifying with Zoe. Do you have a sequel in mind?

}}

I didn't plan on it. I actually didn't plan this story at all. I was napping during the afternoon, because baby decided to play till 3 in the morning, and this idea just came to me in a shallow dream.

I'll think about a sequel at some point since there is interest :)

