May 2022 Omorashi Writing Competition

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2022-04-16 20:20

Hey Everyone,

There was interest in this so I figured I'd start a new thread for it. I'm thinking the first stage of the competition will be to nominate and then decide on prompts. If you have an idea of a prompt for everyone to write about, go ahead and post it on this thread. The prompts should be broad enough that we allow for creativity but narrow enough that the stories are somewhat similar in terms of theme. If you're looking for inspiration, here's a link to an archive of the famous Thomas Water Resources writing competition:

%https://web.archive.org/web/20040606073059/http://www.femaledesperation.com/comp/comp.htm

If you see a prompt there that you absolutely love, also feel free to nominate that.

Here's what I'm thinking in terms of timeline:

Now-April 25: Collect prompts

April 25-May 2: Vote on prompts

May 3: Competition begins

June 6: Deadline for submissions

June 13: Winner is announced

Let me know if you have any feedback or suggestions - and if you'd like to be a judge, please PM me. You can still submit a story even if you're a judge, this is just a friendly competition after all.

*005*2022-04-19 22:09

{{11 hours ago, Flush said:

WiiGuy86, thanks in advance to kickstart this "May 2022 competition"; the femaledesperation.com was unmatched until now, let's try to get as much talent on board as possible! We have plenty of fantastic writers who are active on this website, so I hope there will be a lot of submissions. In 2011-2013 I also hosted a writing competition on this website with some varied succes (part II and results

- part III and results

- part IV and results).

You can find some inspiration there also. But the rules can be anything, as long as they are known in advance, I'm ok with everything I think.

In the weekend of 7 May I may find some time to write something, so the timing is excellent for me. So if nothing comes in between, you can expect a submission from me as a writer. I'll pass on the judging this time to keep my independence.

I'm going to add two more prompts to keep the ball rolling. But I also must say that some of the scenario's posted above are equally interesting so I don't have a clear preference.

(Personal prompt) A character or group of characters is participating in a very prestigious (sports) training. The trainer is known for producing the best athletes in their field; those who excel in the training, are on track to become a future medal winner. However, it turns our that the trainer also has very hard training methods to reach that goal. Our character has to pee during the training, but the trainer makes it very clear that they have to continue the training. "Go hard or go home", is the trainers motto, the character is theoretically free to go to the bathroom, but in practice there is serious pressure on her/him to comply with the trainer.

(Prompt by William Abott found on femaledesperation.com month 22, personal note is that a character can be male or female, unlike his prompt which was female oriented) A woman, alone or with friends, is on a small boat. Perhaps it is something as small as a canoe or even a kayak. Maybe it's a bit larger, a sailboat or even a 24' power cruiser, but it is certainly not large enough to have been outfitted with a head. Needless to say, she soon finds she needs to pee, but dressed as she is in street clothes rather than swimming gear, that's going to prove awkward.

Maybe it's an off-shore beer party, where she doesn't know everyone there so well as to be willing to simply hang her bare bottom out over the gunwales. Maybe it's an all-day trip upriver or along the coastline, close enough to houses on the shore that doing anything about a full bladder would make a real spectacle. Maybe, if she's in a kayak or a canoe, the boat is simply too tippy to consider peeing over the side unless the situation gets REALLY desperate.

}}

Love these! Thanks! I love revisiting William's prompts in month 22, wish they could have all gotten stories made out of them.

Also, I plan to make all submitted prompts gender neutral

*008*2022-04-20 15:08

{{8 hours ago, Flush said:

Yes, I agree with you that the prompt should be gender neutral. It does not impact the judging, and there are plenty of writers on this site who have a preference, they all should be able to join.

What about non-human characters (furry/anthro/…)? Not that this is my cup of tea, but I just want to raise this question to know if some writers would like to use those. If nothing is specified about the characters, I would think that they are allowed.

}}

I'm a big fan of leaving things as open as possible - I'm viewing this as almost more of a showcase than a competition. Most of the content on this site is human female desperation so as long as people won't be offended that the judges may be biased toward their own preferences, I'm fine with not limiting submissions as long as they respond to the prompt

{{1 hour ago, OddlyHandsome said:

Just a quick question, do y’all plan to have a prize of some kind?

}}

Don't have anything in mind but am open to ideas

*022*2022-04-25 23:11

Hi all, thanks for your contributions. Obviously we can't practically vote on so many entries, so here's what we're going to do:

Re post one prompt, that has already been posted in this thread, by someone other than yourself. If someone else beats you to your favorite prompt, upvote it. Do not upvote your own prompt.

On Thursday, I will take the 3-5 prompts with the most upvotes and create a poll for all to vote on. Again, all prompts will be made gender neutral in the final competition regardless of how they're written here.

Following up on some other points:

1. To sweeten the pot a bit, I will give the winner one video from my own rather large, diverse, and decade spanning collection. I have a good amount of content that can be no longer found on the net. Happy to discuss interests with the winner so that they get a video that they actually like. I also have collections of old stories and art if you don't want a video for whatever reason.

2. If there's a good level of engagement with the competition, I will likely continue it on a bi-monthly or quarterly basis. In this case I would most likely just choose the prompts myself or allow a small number to be voted on. If this does happen, I'd welcome prompt submissions and would try to mix things up and provide something for everyone. Prize would be the same.

Here's my own nomination:

{{On 4/19/2022 at 6:47 AM, Flush said:

(Prompt by William Abott found on femaledesperation.com month 22, personal note is that a character can be male or female, unlike his prompt which was female oriented) A woman, alone or with friends, is on a small boat. Perhaps it is something as small as a canoe or even a kayak. Maybe it's a bit larger, a sailboat or even a 24' power cruiser, but it is certainly not large enough to have been outfitted with a head. Needless to say, she soon finds she needs to pee, but dressed as she is in street clothes rather than swimming gear, that's going to prove awkward.

Maybe it's an off-shore beer party, where she doesn't know everyone there so well as to be willing to simply hang her bare bottom out over the gunwales. Maybe it's an all-day trip upriver or along the coastline, close enough to houses on the shore that doing anything about a full bladder would make a real spectacle. Maybe, if she's in a kayak or a canoe, the boat is simply too tippy to consider peeing over the side unless the situation gets REALLY desperate.

}}

