The Loneliness of the Long-Distance Lovers (Meagan & Parker)

Author: Weasel

*000*2025-10-11 15:33

Hey everyone! As promised, here is a brand new Meagan & Parker story!

(If you don't know who Meagan & Parker are, here's the short version: I tried to write desperation porn and ended up with a series of romance novels. Parker likes female desperation, Meagan can hold it a long time and likes building up anticipation in her lovers. They get along great.)

As you'll see below, this is Part One of the story. Part one of Part One, that is. The situation: Meagan has graduated from college and is in grad school at Ann Arbor. Parker is finishing up his undergrad degree. As you probably can guess from the title, they are trying to do the long-distance thing.

Tags: holding (duh), desperation (double duh), and, as always, lots of sex.

###

Part One: Southbound

October

Parker got himself into his dorm room, leaned against the door to shut it behind him, and let out a bit sigh of frustration before he turned on the light.

The harsh light of the overhead lamp illuminated a narrow little room. Franklin House this was not, but with so many of the Franklin crew graduating and/or shacking up, Parker had never had a chance of staying there. So it was back to the dorms for him for a year, until he could graduate and move in with Meagan up north.

Why do I miss her so bad? I saw her two weeks ago.

But the answer to that was obvious: he wanted—needed—her here right now. 11:32 on a Friday night.

Parker stumbled over to the bedside, flipped on his lamp, went back to the door to turn the overhead light off, and made it back without tripping over his own feet too much. Exhaustion, yes. But also frustration.

He pulled open the desk drawer of his little table and grabbed the big manila envelope sitting on top. Written on it in big black marker were the words How We Do This—and then, in smaller printing, (Parker’s Copy). He sat crosslegged on the bed and spread out the envelope’s contents. He paused for a second on the first picture he found, but otherwise he went straight to the handwritten piece of paper that was labeled Agreements, with a little note up in the corner: It’s not Long-Distance, it’s just Long-Range.

The Agreements were simple:

We will at least text, at least once, every single day

We will call once a weekend for a few hours.

We’ll see each other as often as we can, balancing us and school (There was also a note beside this one in small letters, turning ninety degrees mid-sentence to run up the side of the paper where the writer had run out of room: Ideally every other weekend)

Use long weekends—or make our own. (This too had a note: Homecoming? with the line through the word and the sad face next to it in the same color of ink)

Visits are sacred. No School Work—No Exceptions. This means you, Meagan. (This last was in Meagan’s handwriting. There was, however, a “mostly” written in over “sacred”.)

Thanksgiving at Parker’s parents.

We’ll have two weeks at Christmas. (Just a small insertion on this one: the word “almost” in tiny letters above two weeks.) Parker comes with Meagan for first days of January

Make it to May: winter term done! graduation! and Dacy’s wedding!!!

It’s okay to be jealous

It’s okay to be frustrated

It’s okay to be upset—but talk it out with each other, don’t take it out on each other

Remember the relationship has needs, too

Time

Trust

Talking

Use the visual aids as needed (if you know what I mean)

Really commit: take the time

His finger slid down to Use the visual aids and he glanced at the Polaroids, but then he instead tapped the top line of the Agreements and reached for his phone.

I really hope you arent awake but i miss you so much right now

There was no immediate response, so after a while he said, “Guess I got what I hoped for,” put everything back in the envelope and put it away, and then went to bed.

The next morning there was a text waiting for him:

Sorry lover. Miss you so much too. But just one more week. And then THREE WHOLE DAYS

He replied at once:

Less than a week by now, if only a few hours less

Starting the countdown so soon, huh? I’m fine with this

In fact want me to start building up the anticipation?

(Genuinely asking, won’t if it’s too hard right now)

(…pun not intended)

LOL

Thank you for asking

But no thank you, not yet

When should I start? Thursday?

Wednesday is fine.

*hugs*

*kisses*

*lots and lots of kisses*

Soon that’ll be real

Soooon

Don’t forget to breathe, lover

Soooo-*gasps*-oooon

Much better

Going to go, must write like crazy

So there will be no distractions in a week

Write like the wind! ❤️

❤️ ❤️ ❤️

###

Wednesday morning he woke up and rather expected a text to be waiting for him, but he didn’t hear from Meagan until lunchtime. It was, however, quite worth waiting for:

Just thought you might like to know I haven’t peed since I got up today.

And I won’t until my next class is over

Which is another two hours from now

Enjoy that thought

He texted back at once:

Im enjoying it a lot

Oh, and can you thank your parents again for adding me to the family plan?

Again? How come?

Because now i don’t have to pay data rates for sending this picture:

—And what arrived immediately after was an admittedly grainy image of her cleavage, from her neck down. Since Parker was in the cafeteria when this came in, he just about choked on his drink.

Did u take that just now? Is that what u r wearing 2day?

Just now, yeah. Wearing a sweatshirt over it, but i unzipped a bit for you. ; )

You *did* say i could start teasing you today

Just wait until tomorrow…

Whoa.

Mkay, gotta get to class.

Only slightly desperate

❤️ u so much

❤️ back at ya

Two hours and ten minutes later, this came in:

<relieved sigh>

<knowing grin>

❤️

No running commentary?

I was in a bit of a hurry.

Oooh, ill take that instead

Good.

Can I call tonite?

I thought we were gonna talk tomorrow

We will. Just wanna talk.

Always and any time.

After dinner his phone rang.

“You pick up faster these days,” she said.

“I had a custom ringtone set for you, but the piano line took too long to come in. So either I wasn’t getting the best part of the song, or I wasn’t getting to talk to you. No more custom ringtone.”

“What did you have set for it?”

“Massive Attack’s ‘Teardrop.’”

“Interesting choice.”

“Most people thought I was just a big fan of House, but I was remembering a certain birthday celebration.”

“Aha. Yes, I remember now. …Y’know, when other people remember birthdays, they remember where they went out to eat. Not dancing for your blindfolded lover.”

“We aren’t other people.”

“Fuckin’ aye. Speaking of: I cannot wait to jump your bones. Gonna ride you like a stallion, lover; I want you deep in me. The Roommate’s out, by the way, if you can’t tell.”

“I was guessing.”

“But she'll probably be home when I call tomorrow. So I just wanted to tell you now that on Friday I’ll be peeing at lunch and then holding it until I get to you.”

“Whoa. Is that… are you gonna be safe to drive?”

“I’ll be fine.”

“If you need to pull over and piss by the side of the road, just call me.”

“Ooooh, are you doubting me?”

“Never. Just giving you an alternative for public safety reasons.”

“I’ll make it. But please have the jar ready for me.”

“Aye aye, cap’n. How was it earlier today?”

“Oh, that wasn’t too bad. I had to move a little fast to make sure I got a stall, but nothing hard.”

“Well, not quite nothing hard.”

“Mmmmmmm, did I getcha?”

“You most definitely did.”

“But you’re being a good lover and waiting for me?”

“I haven’t jacked off for a week.”

“Yessssss. That’s what I wanted to hear. How was your day other than that?”

“Your texts were the highlight in an otherwise dull day. How was yours?”

“Meh, nothing special. The texting was the fun part. So much reading to do for class… um, actually, can I do some homework with you?”

“Like, while we’re on the phone, or actually experimenting on me?”

“Just while we’re on the phone.”

“I just have to check, since you now possess BS.”

“In Psych. BS in Psych. That part’s important.”

“But it doesn’t rhyme. No rhyme, no catchphrase. That’s the rule.”

She laughed. “All right, fair enough. No experiments today.”

“Gonna put you on speaker, if you don’t mind.”

“Same at my end.”

They did homework, although Parker occasionally stopped just to listen to the faint sounds of Meagan turning pages or writing notes. The Roommate arrived home, and Meagan greeted her and took Parker off speaker at that point. Parker left it on, listening to his lover talk with someone he’d barely ever met. Then eventually Meagan took the phone into the bedroom and said softly, “Okay. Time for me to get ready for bed. But I miss you so much and I love you even more and in 48 hours I’ll be there with you.”

“In bed with me.”

“Like you said. Just a little bit longer.”

“Love you too. Beyond the telling of it.”

“Mmmhmm. Sleep well and dream of me.”

“Okay. I’ll just try not to make it a wet dream.”

“Yeah, that would be a bit of a waste. Though I guess I could take it as a compliment. Mmmmkay. Gotta sign off.”

“One second longer. Although, update: I still love you.”

“That’s a good update. Glad to hear things haven’t changed in the last few seconds. Hugs and kisses and all the other things.”

“G’night.”

###

The phone rang again, quite early.

“Mmmmmph. Hi?”

“Sorry to wake you, but not that sorry,” Meagan said softly. “Just thought you’d like to hear this. The Roommate is asleep and I’m in the bathroom and I gotta pee.”

“Mmm. I’m listening.”

“Are you up?”

“No, I’m still in bed.”

“But are you up?”

“Starting to be…”

“So I’m standing by the toilet, which is making this pretty hard, but I’m about to make it harder by taking off all my clothes. One sec… yup. Naked now. You up yet?”

“Picture?”

“I’ll send you one as soon as I hang up. But right now I’m standing bare-ass next to a toilet and I really gotta go. But I can’t go until you are rock-hard.”

“Locked down?”

“Locked.”

“Legs crossed?”

“Doing it now.”

“Yeah. Yeah, I’m hard.”

“You’re still in bed, right?”

“Mmhmm.”

“’Kay. Listen to me piss. You can’t touch yourself but you can hump a little. When I stop peeing, you stop humping. Got it?”

“Got it.”

“Can I pee now?”

“Yes. Yes you can.”

She sat down—he heard the clink of the lid on the porcelain—and moved the phone to her lap. He heard the stream hit, and humped against his pillow as he was told. Her stream, as ever, was more thick than lengthy.

“Stopped,” she reported.

“Stopped,” he replied.

“Tomorrow night,” she said, still so quietly, “we’ll go together.”

“Mmmmhmmmm.”

“Gonna shower now; enjoy that thought, too.”

“I will.“

“’Kay. Love you like crazy. Miss you like crazy. Just hours now until I’m all over you.”

“Love you too. Have a good day.”

“Won’t be a good day until you’re in my arms. But hey, that’ll be tomorrow. Bye.”

“Bye.”

###

At 12:42om on Friday, Meagan sent him this:

Last piss until I’m with you. Ahhhhh. Feels nice.

Knowing I’m turning you on feels even nicer

Knowing I’m gonna be with you in a few hours feels nicer still.

If I call you in the next few hours, let it go to voicemail.

??

You’ll see.

Kay, just 1 more class and then I’m hitting the road

Bag is packed, I’m not even going back to the apt.

❤️

❤️ you too. kisses

The fact that Meagan had a class on Friday afternoons had been a curse, although it could have been worse: it could have been a late-afternoon class. Instead she’d be done by 2:30. Then there’d be the drive down—between three and four hours, depending on weather and traffic. Parker didn’t have any Friday afternoon classes (by design) and it was a lovely fall day, so he decided to go for a run once his lunch had settled. Then he’d grab a shower and be nice and clean for Meagan’s arrival. 

It meant missing Ultimate practice, but Friday practices had always been more about “Start celebrating the weekend”—Parker remembered some of the better players playing one-handed since they needed the other hand for carrying their drinks. And since Josh had graduated, Friday practices had often devolved into just tossing the disc around. Parker was glad he’d gotten back into the game, though. It wasn’t the same without Meagan—but nothing was, and this gave him good friends. Plus it was fun to mentor the newbies on the team.

What it all meant was that he could skip practice with a clean conscience. As he got back to his room to change, his phone rang: Meagan. Mindful of her earlier instructions, he waited for the voicemail notification. It took a bit longer than he expected, so he used the time to stretch. Finally the beep came, and he immediately grabbed the phone to listen.

“Hey love!” Meagan’s voice came to him. “And lover, too. As we will shortly demonstrate. I got on the road fifteen, twenty minutes ago and I wanted to let you know how I’m doing. Texting would take waaay too long, though, I’d have to pull over. But since I have you on speed-dial, all I have to do is press 1 and then I can leave you this message! I’m being careful, though, I’m only gonna call when I don’t need to watch the road as closely. I’m out of the city and into the country now and it’s a really gorgeous day up here; hope it is too where you are and where I will soon be. What I bet you really want to know, though, is how badly I have to go, and the answer is: I am already feeling it. It’s only been about two hours since I peed, but I did have something to drink at lunch. And I will continue to drink while I drive. Water, that is. In fact, if you’ll bear with me…”

Muffled noises.

“Had to set the phone down so I could take a drink. So yeah. Already gotta go a little, and I’ve got probably three hours left to go. This is gonna be a challenge! But we love that, don’t we?”

Parker felt a lump in his throat at that “we.”

“So yeah. Enjoy your afternoon. Just promise me you’ll be ready to let me in as soon as I get there. We’ll figure out dinner afterward. Love you to pieces, and just to prove it…”

More muffled noises.

“That was another drink. You probably guessed. Anyway. Three hours till I get there and I get to kiss you and I get to piss for you. And I promise I’ll drive safe. No speeding. Well, not much. Byeeee!”

Parker shook his head in wonder. How on earth had he ever gotten this lucky?

He headed out of the dorm on his run, and his thoughts almost immediately went to Meagan in the car, driving, holding it for him. His thoughts swirled in predictable repetitions. Was she sitting on her heel? Was she locked down yet? How did he want to have her pee? Would she be able to fit—

He tripped and went sprawling. He looked down at his hand and realized he’d scraped his palm up pretty bad. Maybe his knees, too. He didn’t look at those, though—he’d learned that sometimes the pain wouldn’t really hit him if he didn’t look at it. He jogged home, feeling a little shaken, and when he got back to his dorm room he inspected the damage. Quite bad scrapes on his left palm and his right knee, and yes, the pain was setting in. He’d been more lucky with his right hand, which just had a minor scrape on the side. He’d need to wash up carefully—

There was another message from Meagan, though.

He decided he couldn’t actually stand there and listen to a message while actively bleeding all over his room. And he still needed to take a shower. Shower first, he decided. It would sting like crazy but putting on bandages that would immediately get wet and fall off again made no sense.

He’d been right, it did sting like crazy. Getting the grit out of the scrapes on his palm was even worse. And his knee was starting to hurt on more than just a surface-scrape level. He outright limped back to his room. Also he ran out of bandages. Fortunately a neighbor across the hall was in, and after exclamations of sympathy, she was happy to run over to the college clinic for more.

Parker had enough self-preservation to not do something that would get him incredibly erect right before a female neighbor dropped in. But as it was, he couldn’t stop thinking of what might be on the message, and that alone got him a little hard. Luckily it wasn’t too bad and he didn’t inadvertently sexually harass his neighbor.

With the door shut and one or two more bandages applied, with the pain from his palm and knee pulsing through him, Parker picked up his phone at last…

“Hey lover!” Meagan’s voice came through. “Traffic at Toledo wasn’t great, so I’m a little behind schedule, but I got through it no problem. Now I’m just rolling down I-75. But, uh, yeah. Problem. ‘Cause I gotta go, lover, and I’ve still got… eeesh. An hour and a half? Yeah. This is gonna be close. So I hope you’ll be ready for me.

“Just to paint the picture, I’m on lockdown, just like you like. Don’t need to do anything else yet. But I really expect I’ll have to. That said…”

Muffled highway sounds. Wait, is she…?

“Yup, you guessed it, I just took a drink. Well, a sip, really. But I did it and I’ll do more. Because I love you so much, and also because hydration is important.”

A huge surge of emotion ran through him at that. Even after all these years, that could get to him.

“So yeah! This may be the toughest thing I’ve done since the graduation day rainstorm, but I’ll do it. Because, see above under ‘I love you so much.’ And I will see you in ninety-ish minutes. Which feels so short compared to three weeks, and also feels so loooonngg…”

On that plaintive note, her message ended.

He checked the time stamp. She’d called not long after he set out on his run, so she was really only forty minutes away now. How was she faring…?

As if in answer, she called him right then. Reflexively, he answered.

“Dude, I wanted to leave you another voicemail,” she said.

“Right, sorry, force of habit.”

“Also talking on the phone counts as distracted driving. Hang up and I’ll call you again.”

“Yeah—wait. I tripped and fell on my run and kinda scraped myself up.”

“Oh, honey, ouch! Like, bad?”

“My knee hurts and my left hand’s covered in Band-aids.”

“Ouuuch. Um. Does it hurt so much you’re not gonna wanna do anything when I get there later…?”

“No. Definitely no.”

“Arrgh, sorry. Bad question. Sex or no sex when I get there?”

“Definitely sex.”

“’Kay! Slash, fuck.”

“Did you just say ‘slash’ out loud?”

“You know what I mean. And you know why I said fuck.”

“I do indeed. Call me when you park, like always.”

“Like always. Love you! Now get off the phone.”

She called back a couple minutes later and he didn’t answer. It was a shorter message this time.

“Parker Daniels, I want you to know that I love you so very much, and that you are the absolute light of my life, and that is the only reason why I am not pulling off the highway and finding a bathroom. Actually, scratch that. My love for you is the only reason I am not pulling over on the side of the highway and dropping my pants. I would not care how many people saw my bare ass. I am that desperate, lover. I was feeling it when I called you last but it’s hit me hard now. I’m sitting on—hang on.” Muffled noises, momentary pause.

“Sorry, I saw a speed trap and I didn’t want him to pull me over for being on the phone. No distracted driving. Except he could pull me over for having to piss this bad, that’s enough of a distraction all by itself. And there’s still about half an hour left. You better be ready. Like, have the lid off the jar. It’s gonna be that close.” She took a deep, shuddering breath. “But I can do it. I can. I will. For you.” Another breath, more confident. “Not gonna call again until I’m there, though, this really is too distracting. Again, love you so much.”

The next half hour Parker found it impossible to concentrate on, well, anything—anything other than Meagan driving desperately through the rolling fields. He was genuinely worried about coming too quick, and so he went strictly hands-off. His hard-on didn’t go away, though. Not when she was that frantic with half an hour to go. He wanted to go out and wait by the door but he couldn’t, not until he got the bulge in his crotch to go away. Also it would be a bit silly, since he knew just about when she’d get there. He did complicated multiplication for a bit. Then, with ten minutes left, he couldn’t help himself. He propped the door to his room open so there would be no delay there, limped down the hall to the front door of the dorm, and parked himself on one of the chairs there. He pretended to read the newspaper for a minute, but he dropped the pretense almost immediately.

Finally, finally, his phone rang. Ignoring the pain, he jumped up and ran to open the door before he even picked up.

“Fucking speed bumps,” Meagan said, breathlessly. “Fucking traffic lights and speed bumps.”

“I see you,” Parker said, and waved.

She hung up and walked stiffly across the parking lot. Anyone who didn’t know her wouldn’t notice anything wrong. Anyone who knew her at all would know that something was seriously wrong. She had her duffel over her shoulder and her hair tied back. When she got closer he could see the expression on her face. She half-grinned, half-grimaced, eyes widening with panic—but also with delight. Twenty steps away. Ten…

She flung her arms around him and kissed him quickly. “Love you,” she whispered. Another kiss. “Missed you.” Another. “I’m bursting.”

The fact that she’d waited to tell him that—that she was taking the time to tell him, through words and kisses and hugs, how much she’d missed him—despite being on the verge of pissing herself, gave him that surge of emotion again.

Without a word, they simultaneously moved quickly for his dorm room.

The moment the door closed behind them, Parker hit play on his laptop and dialed the sound up a bit. Music flooded the room.

The moment the door closed behind them, Meagan dropped her duffel bag, bent over, and grabbed her crotch. “Holy fucking shit I gotta go,” she said. “Not a prayer of fitting you in me, lover. I think it’s gonna have to be a handjob.”

“I’m fine with that,” he said, pulse racing.

“Help me get my pants off? I’m gonna have to piss the instant you come, and, um—I’m one-handed.”

“So am I,” he said, showing her his bandaged-up left palm.

“Ooof, sorry—pants? Now? Please?”

She hiked up her hoodie (technically his hoodie, on long-term loan) to reveal that she’d already done the top button of her jeans. She pulled her hand away from her crotch long enough to unzip the rest of the way, squirming frantically as she did so. The second the way was clear, she slipped her hand into her panties and bent over again. She tugged on one side of her waistband with the other hand, and Parker got the other side. Together they got her jeans down to her lower thighs, then her underwear a second later.

“Oh my fucking god, I’m gonna explode,” Meagan said. “It got so much worse just now…”

“Hang on,” Parker said, trying to negotiate her jeans around her knees.

“No time, lover,” she said, breathing hard. “I don’t think I’ve even got time for a handjob. Just come for me? Please?”

He immediately unzipped. His hard-on sprang out through the fly in his boxers of its own accord. Amazingly, through all her discomfort and distraction, her eyes lit up. He grabbed his cock and stroked fast and tight.

“Yes, do it fast,” she whispered. “Come for me so hard. I’m absolutely bursting, lover, I can’t hold it more than a few seconds more. Come for me? So I can pee?”

And he did.

“Fuck yeah, that’s a gusher,” she said admiringly. “Jar? Please? Right now?”

“On my desk,” he gasped, pointing.

“Hadn’t even seen it,” she said, turning. The jar was just out of reach, and with her jeans still around her knees and with her hand still death-gripping her crotch, she had to shuffle forward a bit to grab it. Somehow that triggered a secondary explosion in him.

This second wave of his climax meant he wasn’t any help as she realized she couldn’t get her legs wide enough apart to put the jar up to her crotch. She gave a single panicked whine and then swung around, perched her butt on the very edge of his chair, thrust the jar underneath her, and let go.

At first there was some splashing. She adjusted quickly. “Am I getting it?” she asked.

“Yeah, you are,” he said, watching in amazement.

Relief swept across her face, looking for all the world like she was coming herself.

“Holy fuck,” she said. “I was honestly worried I wasn’t gonna make it.”

“What? You always make it.”

“I know,” she said. “That’s what I was telling myself. I even heard it in your voice. And I just kept telling myself, ‘Hold it for him, hold it for him…’”

He got a post-orgasm shudder at that. She noticed. “Yeah, that’s the reaction I wanted,” she said. “That and the gusher you had for me. No, don’t clean it off,” she said, as he reached for a tissue. “I wanna taste.”

“There’s some on my hand,” he said, offering it.

“Not as much fun the other way,” she said. Her own gusher stopped, and she set the jar down carefully. Then she hooked a finger through his belt loop and pulled him close enough to lean over and lick his spunk off his penis.

“Sorry it’s soft,” he said.

“Are you kidding? A, you were hard as a rock when I got here. You were actually pressing right on my bladder for a second there. And B, the fact you’re soft now means you just came a lot, which is the whole point.”

“I thought it’s more fun to play with when it’s hard.”

“It’s fun both ways. Just different. Not so much when you’re all sticky, though,” she added, and gave him another lick. “Pass me a tissue? Thanks. Yeah, soft cocks are fun too. You know this is probably the softest skin on your whole body?”

“Your skin’s always so soft.”

“That’s estrogen for you.” She used the same tissue to wipe herself off, then stood up and pulled her panties up as well. “Whew. That was intense.”

“Your turn?”

“Not yet. Honestly, getting to piss after holding it that long was just about an orgasm itself.”

“It did look like you were enjoying yourself.”

“That part, I certainly was.” She kissed him. “No, I think right now both of our bodies need some TLC. Hungry?”

“Getting that way.”

“Cafeteria still open? I bet I could sneak in again.”

“I think it just closed. Wanna go to the Sun’s Up?”

“Nah. I kinda don’t want to leave the room for a while and I definitely don’t want to get back in the car. Can we order a pizza?”

“Absolutely.”

“And pay for delivery?”

“Well, yeah.”

“If you promise to go pick it up at the door,” she said, “I promise to take off all my clothes and not put them back on for a while.”

“Sold.”

She grinned and stripped off her hoodie.

“What toppings do you want?” he asked, reaching for his phone. (He had the number of the best pizza joint in town memorized.)

“Whatever you want,” she said, “as long as it’s not pineapple or anchovies.”

“Half pepperoni and half double cheese it is,” he said.

She kicked off her shoes and got rid of her jeans, but she waited until he was actively in the process of ordering to peel her shirt off, making a bit of a show of it, and grinning with evil delight as he stuttered the order. She pulled his shirt off once he got off the call.

“Half an hour,” he reported.

“That gives us half an hour to make out,” she said. “And maybe massages?”

“I don’t know if I can do that much with only one hand.”

“You can use your fists and elbows, though, right?”

“We’ll find out!”

“But first,” she said, “skin to skin, please.”

“Can you take your bra off?”

“Take it off yourself. You need the practice.”

They lay down, her in just panties, him naked to the waist, and made out for a big chunk of those thirty minutes.

“This,” she said at one point, when they came up for air. “This is what I miss.”

“I miss a lot of things. I miss all of you.”

“Yeah. But it’s easy to remember that we miss the sex or the talking. Just being next to you. Touching you. I forget that I miss it until we have it again.”

“I don’t forget it.”

“I’m just sayin’, naked makeouts without anything else are seriously underrated.”

“Nothing that involves you being naked is underrated in my book.”

She stuck her tongue out at him, and then stuck it into him, and they kept making out for a while.

She wrapped a leg around him, pulled him closer, and said, “Mmmmmm. You’re getting hard again.”

“And you? Time for your turn?”

“Oh, I’m feelin’ it. I’m feelin’ it enough that I don’t want to get started, and then have to wait for you to go meet the pizza guy and then eat the pizza. I want your undivided attention.”

“And you’ll have it.”

They made out for a bit more, and then his phone rang for the delivery guy. He pulled a shirt on and limped down the hall. He was slightly startled to realize it was actually a delivery gal—and a cute one, too. Probably a high schooler, so he didn’t ogle. Besides, he had Meagan waiting nearly-naked in his bed. A pizza delivery gal would have to be completely naked to get his attention under those circumstance. Or, perhaps, completely desperate…

He turned that idea over in his head as he brought the pizza back to the dorm room and immediately closed and locked the door behind him. “The pizza smell will draw dorm-dwellers like sharks to blood,” he said. “Oh, you put your shirt back on…”

“Well, it seemed the thing to do.”

“I kinda wanted to watch you eat this topless.”

She laughed, and stripped the shirt right back off again. “But fair’s fair,” she said, wagging her finger at him, and he took his off, too. They ate in bed together, her leaning on him.

“In all your work experience,” he asked, “did you ever deliver pizzas?”

“Nope. Why?”

“The delivery gal was kinda cute, but since you were in my bed without a shirt on—or so I thought! Shock, betrayal, etc.—I thought she’d have to be desperate to pee in order to really get my attention at all. And then I wondered if you’d ever done that.”

“Delivery, or getting desperate to piss while delivering?”

“Well, the first part is kinda necessary for the second part to happen, so I asked about it first.”

“Nah, I never did. I really can’t remember any time other than that one story where my job got in the way of the bathroom. Not in high school, either.”

“Middle school?”

“Even if I think of anything, which I cannot, I’m not sure I’m comfortable with you gettin’ turned on by seventh-grade Meagan.”

“Fair enough. But is eleventh grade fair game?”

“Probably not. Besides, I wasn’t as cool then.”

“But were you as hot?”

“Doubt it. Those two things have always gone together, in my mind.”

“Oh, definitely.” He traced the curve of her breast. “But you must have been kinda hot, yeah?”

“Enough to get attention I didn’t like.”

“Sorry. Shouldn’t have brought it up.”

“Pass me another piece of double cheese and then gimme a backrub and all is forgiven.”

He used some of their lube for her backrub—since they weren’t using condoms it was an oil-based lube, which meant it was basically the same stuff as massage oil. It was indeed a little tricky with one damaged hand, but Meagan was soon purring with happiness anyway.

“How you feelin’, beautiful?” he asked.

“Lie down next to me,” she told him, and he did. “I feel like you just converted me from a solid to a liquid,” she said, looking at him with blissed-out, half-lidded eyes.

“Mission accomplished, then.”

“More’n you know. The one problem right now is that I gotta pee again, but I really don’t wanna get up.”

“Just use the jar again. It’s not full.”

“If we both use it, though, it probably will be.”

“I can just go down to the bathroom, no problem.”

“Who said I was letting you out of my sight this weekend?” she said, grinning.

“Oh, I see how it is! But seriously, just use the jar.”

“You don’t want me to hold it?”

“Not after all the holding you did earlier. Honestly, I think that’s probably all I’d ask from you all weekend.”

“I’d be good by Sunday or Monday.”

“Well, if you want to, but I’m not asking. I’ll just remember how you looked when you got here. Or we can break out the visual aids.”

“Mmmmmm. ’Kay. I’m gonna hold it for a tiny bit longer, though, just because I am feeling so ridiculously relaxed. I literally don’t want to sit up.”

He ran two fingers down her spine, then curved them off to the side to trace her hip, sliding the tips under the waistband of her panties. “If you roll over, it can be your turn without you even having to get up.”

She grinned. “I’m not gonna hold it that long. But since you mention it…” She pushed herself up on her arms and stretched like a cat, then sat back on her heels and stretched like a human. He admired the way this pushed her breasts out, and she caught him looking and laughed. Then she got off the bed, slipped off her underwear, took the lid off the jar, and held it between her legs while she peed again.

“Wanna grab the vibrator while you’re up?” he suggested.

“I, um, actually didn’t bring it,” she said.

“Really. How come?”

“Because I only wanted you in between my legs. I really, really want you there. Skin to skin again.”

“Want me to go down on you?”

“Nah. I wanna wash up properly before that. Fingers, please.”

“Happy to oblige. C’mere.”

He sat with his back to the wall, and she sat back against him in between his spread legs. He reached around her with his non-injured hand and found the tip of her clit.

“Hey, lover?” she asked.

“Hmmm?”

“Can you make it last? I wanna spend a long time right here.”

“I think so,” he said, and kissed her shoulder and her neck.

He took it slow, as requested, pausing to re-lubricate from the bottle or from her nearby vulva from time to time. He experimented with the pattern a bit, but mostly he just asked, and listened:

“Speed still good?”

“Mmmmmhmmm.”

“Pressure?”

“Can you try a little lighter?”

“How’s that?”

“Mmm. Yes, thank you.”

The only problem was that his wrist and fingers were getting a little weary. Well, that and the time that Meagan said, “Can we change the song? It’s gonna ruin the mood.”

“You’re currently between me and the computer.”

“I really don’t wanna move.”

“Don’t know what to tell you, love. I can’t get up, there’s this beautiful woman pinning me to the wall.”

“Oh, all right.”

But actually that gave him a chance to ask for a repositioning, so he could use his left hand for a bit until it started to hurt, and then switched back to his right but mostly using his thumb this time, and then back to his index and middle finger. He did this with her lying on her back, and him lying on his side beside her, drinking in the sheer pleasure on her face, and bending forward from time to time to kiss her. She would see him coming through nearly-closed eyes, or feel him coming from his breath, and she would always reach up to meet him halfway. She placed one hand on his thigh and one hand on the bedsheets, and he could feel her clenching as the waves ran through her…

…Until finally she gave the softest cries of orgasm he’d ever heard, a repeated quiet note from the top of her voice, almost like the call of some wild bird flying over, and she rolled to throw a leg and an arm over him and clung to him, still crying out softly. He could feel her pulse pounding, and felt her shuddering come and go in waves.

She was barely coherent for a long time after that, and barely let him get up to go to the bathroom and put the pizza in the fridge (a bit of a gamble that it wouldn’t get eaten by dorm-mates—but if it paid off, it would mean breakfast in bed). She did manage to rouse herself to go brush her teeth, which did involve putting on clothes—but not, he noticed, any underwear. When she came back she immediately stripped those clothes right back off and cuddled up against him under the covers.

“So hey,” he said, “we’ve got days and days. Anything you really wanna do?”

“You,” she said. “I wanna do you.”

“Sounds good. But as good as we are I don’t think we can last for hours on end.”

“Hmmmm, but we could try… anyway. I really just wanna hang out with you.”

“Anyone you wanna see?”

“Actually yes. On Monday I wanna stop in and see Doctor Vince, and maybe anyone else who’s around, before I head back.”

“You just got here and I already don’t want to think about you going back.”

“Yeah, right there with you—but maybe we can think about next visit?”

“Three weeks from today?”

“Um, November… 3rd? So yeah, three weeks.”

“I’ll get the bus tickets tomorrow.”

“Actually, I was thinking you wouldn’t have to buy return tickets. I know that ride takes forever. So why don’t you just drive the car down? You were already gonna come up for the days before Thanksgiving.”

“What are you gonna do for those weeks, though?”

“I can walk to campus. We just need to make sure I’ve got enough groceries to last.”

“Okay, that sounds good. And thank you for thinking of it. That bus ride back is brutal.”

“How long was it?”

“Nearly eight hours, with the stopovers. Eight hours of trying not to cry.”

She nuzzled him. “Oh, love…”

“It’s okay. You’re here now.”

“Yeah. But let’s not think about next time any more. Let’s think about tomorrow.”

“Sleep in?”

“Yes please. And then maybe some time outside, if it’s a good day.”

“And if my knee’s feeling up to it.”

“Oh, right. Yeah, I hope you’re feeling all right. Then movie night?”

“I thought we were gonna do movie night tonight.”

“Yeah, but I’m getting sleepy fast. I don’t think I’d make it through a whole movie.”

“Something shorter?”

“Mmm. Something short and mindless. Looney Tunes-level.”

“We could find something on YouTube.”

“Or we could just make out more.”

“Sold.”

“So movie night tomorrow. Sunday?”

“Lazy Sunday for sure. I was thinking of making us brunch.”

“Sounds nice.” She kissed him. “And for sex?”

“Whenever we want? Since we don’t usually get to say that?”

“Mmmmm, true. But I was hoping to make you wait at least once.”

“Tomorrow, then something nice on Sunday morning?”

“That works. And then I could hold it for you again on Monday.”

“Let’s not worry about Monday until it happens.”

“’Kay.” Another kiss. “Makeouts now, though?”

“Absolutely.”

She fell asleep first, and he turned off the bedside lamp. The blinds on the window were imperfect, however, and a band of indirect light from the street lamp outside fell across the bed, so he could watch her breathing. He watched what felt like a long time, and he didn’t get bored once.

*002*2025-10-12 01:58

She shook him awake.

“Hnnghfff? Meagan? What’s wrong?”

“Nothing,” she whispered in his ear. “It’s just I gotta pee again, and I wana fuck you first.”

He rubbed his eyes. “Lover, it’s, like… what time is it?”

“3:37.”

“You can’t wait?”

“Nope,” she said. “I really can’t.”

“You can just go…”

“If I wanted to ‘just go,’” she whispered in his ear, “I already would have gone. I want you in me. And I want you in while the pee’s still in there, too. It makes it feel so much better for both of us.”

He was starting to stiffen despite himself. And because this was a dorm room bed currently occupied by two people, there was no hiding it.

“Knew I’d getcha,” Meagan whispered, and kissed him, hard.

A few moments later she straddled him and guided him in.

“How are you already this wet?” he muttered.

“Got a head start,” she said, and started to ride.

“Can’t believe you’re this horny again already.”

She bent down in the dark and kissed his forehead. “We’re young,” she said, straightening up and timing her thrusts to her words. “We’re in love.” Another thrust. “We’ve been apart.” Thrust. “Sex matters for us.” Thrust. “Any questions?”

“Not when you spell it out that way.”

The bedsprings squeaked, a fair amount—but it wasn’t even 4 in the morning, so who’d be awake to hear? Besides, it felt great.

When he came it was a whisper and a trickle, not the eruption like the night before. Meagan came quietly, too (bedsprings was one thing, gasps and moans another), and swung off him to grab the pee jar.

“There’s no way that’s big enough to hold the pee from both of us,” Parker said.

“I’m just taking it with us to empty it.”

“Oh, good thinking.”

She pulled her towel out of her duffel bag and wrapped it around her.

“Gonna take a shower?”

“Don’t wanna get dressed. Ready?”

The lights in the hallway blinded them, but they made their way to the men’s room (“The boys will be happier about me half-naked in their room than the girls will be about you half-naked in theirs,” Meagan pointed out) and made use of a single stall, one after the other. And a moment later they were naked again and back in bed and kissing until they fell back asleep.

###

Saturday was a blessed day. For starters, the three slices of pizza left over were still untouched in the fridge.

Autumn-crisp, chilly but beautiful, frost on the grass and the fallen leaves, the leaves that hadn’t fallen yet brilliant in the sunlight, like nature’s fireworks. There was more hoodie-stealing when they went out. Their breath fogged as they walked through campus.

(In fact Meagan had decreed that she was going to rotate through Parker’s sweatshirts all fall. He was to wear one a lot before each visit, she’d ordered, and then leave it with her, so it would feel like him. She’d cuddle up with it when she was alone in her bed, she told him, or wore it everywhere so it would feel like he was with her.)

They just walked for starters, though they ended up heading into the forest behind campus to keep going with the beautiful-autumn-colors thing. Well, Meagan walked; he limped a little. They found their way to the elevated pipe where, two Thanksgivings before, she’d peed off the edge for him, and sat swinging their legs in the air for a bit. They didn’t talk much, actually; the important part was the hand-holding, and the cuddling, and the being together.

Since there had only been a little cold pizza that morning, they were pretty hungry by the time the cafeteria opened for lunch. (There wasn’t any breakfast on weekends—not enough business to be worth it.) Meagan sweet-talked the cafeteria lady on the door, who remembered her, into charging Parker’s account twice and letting them both in; and then it was time for a lot of greetings of old friends. This meant they basically got kicked out by the cafeteria crew nearly two hours later, since it took Meagan so long to actually eat her food. Parker listened, amused, as the story of her grad-school semester so far got more and more polished from repetition.

There was no Ultimate practice on the weekends, but some of the team proposed to do some tossing around in honor of Meagan’s return, and as the day warmed up and hoodies came off, that seemed appropriate. So the disc got passed from friend to friend and lover to lover, sometimes a little unsmoothly, and one time Meagan had to chase down an errant throw which led her into Parker’s part of the circle, and she stopped to kiss him rather than going for the disc. Another time Parker threw to her, an intentionally hard one, and when she caught it anyway she turned to him and struck a defiant/triumphant pose, yelling “Ha! Ha!” at him, and his heart melted and he wanted to remember that image for always. And he told her so, as the circle broke up and their friends drifted away, and she gave him a hug so fierce that it seemed to say, I want to remember this forever, too.

So they lay in the grass underneath another firework-colored tree and just held each other, looking up at the clouds drifting through the autumn sky or over at each other, talking about little things that didn’t matter, except for the part where they mattered immensely because it was their lover saying them, and because they had skin touching skin and that was no longer a given these days.

They made dinner in the dorm kitchen. It was a somewhat hodge-podge curry, and being Midwesterners, neither of them knew it was about as spicy as cardboard, but they could at least claim there was some protein and some vegetables. They were going to fill up the rest of the way on popcorn, anyhow: it was movie night. They played rock-paper-scissors to decide what to watch. Parker was rooting for another Mystery Science Theater 3000 flick, but Meagan wanted something “A little more charged,” as she put it, and was once again rooting for Y Tu Mamá También.

After tying seven straight times, they simultaneously conceded to each other, which made them laugh, and Meagan sold Parker on watching her pick “Because there’s a scene where the female main character has to pee.” This proved a bit of an overstatement—it was just a roadside squat that went by in about three seconds—but the rest of the movie was, indeed, a little more charged. And they were hungrily making out by the time the credits finished rolling.

“So hey,” Meagan said, when the kiss broke. “Can I make you wait tonight?”

“Of course,” Parker said. “I’m guessing you don’t want to wait, though? Either way?”

“Mmmhmmm.”

“That’s fine. How do you want to do it?”

“Hand jobs, I think. Side by side?”

“Sure.”

They got naked in a hurry. He found her clit and started rubbing it in small circles with two fingers, but lost the rhythm when she took his hard-on in her hand. They went slow, and Meagan rested her head on his shoulder as she stroked him.

“You’re getting close,” she murmured.

“That I am,” he agreed.

She stopped stroking him and cradled his erection, gently, giving it a tiny rub with her thumb now and them to keep him stiff.

“Do you wanna come?” she asked softly.

“I do. But I can wait.”

“Like, how bad do you want it?”

“Mmmm. I’m feeling pretty good right now, actually. It’s nice just having your hand on me.”

“Is that so? You’re not begging for it?”

“Were you hoping for begging?”

She shrugged, a sheepish grin on her face. “I guess so.”

“I didn’t make you beg yesterday.”

“But I begged anyway. ‘Cause I know you like it when I do.”

“Was that begging? I guess that was begging. I thought it was more… encouragement.”

“Yeah, encouragement to come so I could pee!” She leaned close. “I was so bursting, you know.”

“Worst ever?”

“Hard to rank ‘em. Certainly the worst since graduation. And that was… pretty fuckin’ intense.”

“So it was.”

“You’re okay with not coming right now?”

“Yeah. I just like having you here. Skin to skin.”

She kissed him. “Yeah. So nice. But I’m guessing you’d be begging if you hadn’t come twice already.”

“Probably, yeah.”

“Note to self: don’t let the boyfriend come in the first five minutes of the visit if you want him to beg for it later.”

“‘The boyfriend’?”

“Correction: ‘the lover’.”

“Is that how you think of me? ‘The fill-in-the-blank’?”

“Every now and then. When it’s funny.” Another maintenance stroke. “Still. Next time you’re up north, I’ll have to make you wait a lot longer.”

“Just remember, fair’s fair. If I wait longer, so do you. And I think there are certain physical upper limits to how long you can wait. I’m not calling you weak, by the way. It’s just I don’t think you’re gonna hold it for days on end.”

“Not without severe dehydration,” she said. “This being real life and not one of those stories online where some poor girl has to suffer for a week solid or something. Or have a bladder so full she looks like she’s pregnant with triplets.”

“How do you… have you been doing research?”

She laughed. “I’ve done some skimming here and there. For ideas. I did a little hunting around years ago, after we first got together, but you were generally pretty clear on what you wanted, and some of the stories were so unrealistic. Or sadistic. Or just plain weird. So I stopped. Lately, I’ve been craving a bit more inspiration, so I took another peek.”

“What was the weirdest?”

“Some cartoon about a giant woman…? I don’t really remember it. There was a Big Gulp soda the size of a small house, I think, and then—well, consequences happened.”

“Did you actually like anything you saw?”

“Nothing turned me on, if that’s what you’re asking. But there were a couple stories that were pretty good. One involved a couple tossing the disc around on the beach, but she was holding it for him. It was all told from the perspective of someone watching them from a building across the street. I thought that’s something we could totally do in real life. And then there was another story about a student trying to finish up a chemistry experiment so she can’t pee, and then all the doors were locked, and her boyfriend is trying to help her find a place, and she can’t just squat because the clothes she has on mean she has to take everything off…”

“That one!” Parker said. “Yeah, I remember reading that one. It was… intense.”

“The only problem with that one, from our perspective,” Meagan said, starting to stroke him again, “is that you’d never catch me in clothes like that.”

“You’re not a one-piece kind of gal?”

“I’m not a skirt kinda gal. If not for that, we could totally recreate that one. There are all those little parks and nature areas in Ann Arbor. We could stay late on campus, walk back… it’s a long walk, too…”

“The really sexy part was when he helped her get her dress off, and she couldn’t hold it as soon as it was off. Like, couldn’t even take three steps.”

“Mmmmhmmm,” Meagan said, stroking a little faster. “Just imagine. You helping me get my shirt and shorts off.”

“Mmmmm, yeah…”

“Me running naked in just my sandals—but not very far. You hear it more than you see it when I burst.”

“Mmmhmmm…”

She bent to give his hard-on a long lick. “So… do you wanna come?”

He groaned. “Shit, you tricked me.”

“Well, do ya? Picture me with piss running down my legs uncontrollably, because I didn’t even have time to squat…”

“Arrggh.”

“Say it,” she said, resuming her stroking—with one hand. The other was between her own legs.

“Yes,” he said, giving in—for her sake, yes, but also because it was the truth. “Yes, please.”

Her strokes on his erection slowed to a crawl, but somehow she managed to metaphorically pat her head and rub her belly at the same time, because her fingers were moving much faster over her clit. “What would turn you on more,” she asked, breath coming fast, “me being super embarrassed by pissing all over myself like that, or laughing about it?”

“Laughing, of course,” he said at once.

“It’s a fantasy, though. You can push a bit. Laughing or crying?”

“Still laughing.”

She kissed his cheek. “Love you.”

“Love you, too.”

“Still wanna come?”

“I know I can’t,” he said.

Her breathing quickened. “Say that again.”

“I do want it. I really wish I could come, you turn me on so much. But I know I can’t. ‘Cause you’re making me wait.”

Her breathing sped up again. Her hand on his hard came to a complete stop, but kept cradling his length. The fingers on her other hand were blurring with speed. And then she gasped, “Say it one more time? Please?”

“I wish I could come, but I can’t. You got me all turned on, but I’ll have to wait until tomorrow.”

“Oh fuck, oh fuck, Parker, I’m gonna—”

“You’re gonna do what you won’t let me do,” he said.

She arched her back and the tremors raced through her like a shock wave from an explosion. Her hand on him fell away, forgotten. He bent to kiss her. It took her a moment to remember how to make her lips work.

“I love you so much,” she whispered.

“Enough that you’ll let me come now?”

“I love you enough,” she said, voice still low, “that when you come it’ll be so fantastic. And it will be tomorrow.”

“Worth a shot.”

“Mmmhmm. But you’re not gonna get past me that easy.”

###

On Sunday morning, Parker woke up first. He slipped out of bed to go to the bathroom, but since his dorm bed was so tiny, this inevitably woke Meagan up. She protested a little.

“Sorry, love,” he whispered. “Bathroom.”

“Wait for me?” she asked.

“Of course.”

“Too many people up by now for me to take you in with me,” she grumbled as she pulled on a T-shirt, “or for me to go in with you. Just imagine, okay?”

“Or remember,” he said.

They reconvened in bed a few minutes later. He ran a hand up under her shirt, found her breast, circled the nipple.

“You want me?” she said.

“Always. But also right now, yeah.”

She thought about it. “Can we just make out for a while? No teasing, no making you wait. Just cuddles.”

“Well, technically that’s still making me wait. But making out is fine.”

“I’m just feeling more lazy than sexy right now. Sorry.”

He kissed her. “Not a problem.”

They made out, at least partially clothed, until belly rumblings prompted a postponement until after breakfast. Breakfast was biscuits and eggs—Parker had originally planned on biscuits and gravy, until he realized he didn’t really have the makings for gravy; he was especially missing the key ingredient of “knowing how to make gravy”—and they decided to eat in the dorm kitchen, just to get out of the dorm room and its horribly constricting bed.

“I’m gonna tell you this, lover,” Meagan said, as she ran a finger down his arm. “I love you so much, and I miss you so much when I’m up in Ann Arbor—but I will never, ever miss that bed.”

“Yeah, sorry. I miss your bed, though.”

“That’s not my bed,” she said, with a surprising flash of intensity. “That’s our bed. I got it for us, you know.”

“Oh. Oh, wow. I hadn’t honestly thought of it that way.”

“Your mind may have been on other things,” she said with a grin.

“Such as who was in that bed. And what she was doing.”

Her fingers traced the lines on his palm. “So hey.”

“Mmm?”

“Now that I’m thinking about it, I kinda wanna go back to bed.”

“Nap time already?” he joked.

She leaned forward and gave him a kiss. “Don’t be deliberately dense, Parker.”

He shook his head. “We were never this horny last year. What’s gotten into us?”

“Three weeks without, that’s what,” she said, getting up and taking his plate.

“There’s just one thing I’m worried about,” he muttered as they cleaned up.

“Hmm?”

“Bedsprings.”

“So what if people hear?”

“I dunno,” Parker said. “There have been times when I’ve heard people having sex in this dorm, and I’ve wanted you so bad just then it hurt, and it just seemed… cruel. Especially to people who aren’t as lucky as us. There was one time, long ago, before we even met—well, whoever she was, she was loud. I could hear her two doors down. And I felt like I was so worthless, not having a girlfriend. I don’t want to do that to anyone else.”

She took the plate from his hands, but not to dry it. She pulled his arms around her, then took his face in her hands and went up for a long, tender kiss. “You are such a caring guy,” she said softly, with a light caress of his cheekbones. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen you be mean to anyone. And now here you are, thinking of your neighbors’ feelings when your lover is saying ‘Let’s go fuck,’ and I utterly love you for that.” She leaned close to whisper in his ear. “And I want you even more for it. Like, a lot. But—we’ll be quiet.”

“Caring is a turn-on?”

“Are you kidding me? It’s the biggest one there is. Now, are we done cleaning up? Because I need to go tear all your clothes off.”

It turned out to not be an exaggeration. As soon as the door locked behind him, she was tugging at his shirt, and then at his jeans, and then at her own clothes as he stiffened in her hands.

“I want you in me, beautiful boy,” she whispered. “But we’ll be quiet like I said. Not on the bed at all.” She bent over his desk and looked over her bare shoulder. “I was thinking from behind, like this. Is that okay?”

“Yeah. Yeah, that’s just fine.”

“Hand me that pillow, too. If I need to holler I’ll muffle it.”

“‘Holler’?” he asked, amused, passing her the pillow as asked.

“Mmmhmm. From when you make me come just from your sheer decency and goodness,” she said.

“I didn’t think that was possible.”

“It isn’t. Can you give me a reach-around?”

He tried. “Angle’s gonna be tricky.”

“Pass me the other pillow, then. I’ll hump your desk.”

“That is a weird mental image.”

“Why leave it mental?” she said with a grin, and pushed the pillow between the edge of the desk and her groin. She ground on it for a moment.

“Is that gonna be enough for you?” he asked, skeptical.

“We’ll find out!” she said. “But this honestly does feel good. I forgot, I haven’t done anything like this since I was a girl. And with you in me from behind… hint, hint…”

He lubed himself up and slid into her. “You did this when you were a girl?”

“Mmmhmm. When I was pretty young. Never came that way. My mom caught me doing it and told me to stop, so I did. I didn’t even connect it to sex until years and years later, and by then I’d discovered vibrators. And lovers.”

“Lover reporting for duty,” he murmured.

“Yeah you are,” she said. “That’s good. Take it slow.” She timed her thrusts against the pillow in sync with his thrusts from behind. “Mmmm. Yeah, that’s real good.” She turned her head a little, not quite able to look over her shoulder from her position. “Kiss me, Parker,” she commanded, gently. He obeyed.

“You are, without question,” she said, still timing her thrusts, “the best man I have ever met. You are so kind and so loving. And funny. And really fuckin’ cute, too. But I’m not a prize and I’m not doing this as a reward, you know? I’m doing this—I’m doing you—because the kindness and the loving-ness just make me so happy, and when it’s all wrapped up in the really-fuckin’-cute-ness, it makes me happy and horny. I choose you. You know?”

“I know,” he said.

“Good. And now I choose you to come in me. Take it slow, but like you mean it, yeah? Take it slow, but take me.”

“That phrasing feels weird,” he muttered.

“Take me because I’m giving myself to you,” she corrected. “Better?”

“Mmmmm. Much better. As long as I can give myself to you…”

“You can. You may. You should. All of you. And yeah, real slow and gentle. We’ve got all the time in the world.”

In time, she did indeed use the pillow to muffle her moans. He bent low over her for a moment. “Meagan?”

“Mmmphf?”

“I wish I had a pillow, too, so I could call out your name as loud as I want.”

“Whisper it,” she gasped, turning her head away from the muffling just a moment. “Whisper’s as good as a yell. I’ll hear you.”

And she did.

###

Sunday night, as they were getting ready for bed, the feelings caught up to him. She noticed, of course, even though she was in the middle of changing. “What’s wrong?” she asked, hands still on the waistband of her shorts.

“This is the last time we’re gonna get ready for bed together,” he said.

“For a little while, yeah. Not forever. Definitely not forever.”

“But for a while. And yeah, we’ll see each other in a few weeks, but then we have to say goodbye again. We’ve never had so many goodbyes, love.”

“We had a goodbye almost as soon as we really began,” she said. “The first summer break.”

“Yeah, and then a goodbye for Christmas the next winter, and then goodbye when you went off to work at summer camp. But that was basically it, over three years. And now we’ve had just as many goodbyes in the last few months. And we’re about to have a lot more.”

“Thanksgiving, love. Thanksgiving and Christmas and New Year’s.”

“I know. I know it’s not forever. It’s just… I’m already missing you when you’re still here. And that makes me feel even worse. Like I’m wasting our time…”

She flung her arms around him. “Oh, my beloved hedgehog,” she whispered. “We love each other so much—and no love is ever wasted.”

“But I’m sad when I should be happy, because you’re still here…”

“Just cry, love. I can feel you holding those tears back. Let ‘em go. It’s okay. Not just okay, actually. We’re so connected, it’s only natural we hurt when we’re pulled apart. And tears from that hurt aren’t bad. It’s an honor to be missed so hard by you. It’s an honor that you’d cry for me.”

He wept into her shoulder while she swayed gently back and forth, rocking him soothingly.

“And you’ve gotta be feeling just as bad… I’m so selfish…”

“No. None of that. No shame or guilt, ‘kay? We’ll take turns with the tears. And your turn came up first, that’s all.”

Later, in bed with the lights off, she cradled his head against her breasts and stroked his hair.

“You called me hedgehog,” he said.

“Mmmhmmmm.”

“I like it when you do that. Why don’t you do it more often?”

“I save it for emergencies. This was the first one we’ve had in a while.”

“Yeah. We’re really lucky, actually.”

“Incredibly so.”

###

Monday was gloomy, which seemed appropriate.

“Hey,” she said, when they were both awake. “Do you wanna make love again before I go?”

He shook his head. “Not really.”

“This weekend really took the edge off, huh? Feeling satisfied?”

He shrugged. “It’s not that. I don’t wanna make love today. I wanna make love tomorrow.”

She looked at him sadly, kissed him, and said nothing.

“Besides, I’ve got class. And you wanted to see Doctor Vince.”

“Right, I did. I do. Hmmm, I know your Friday afternoon schedule by heart but I don’t know your Monday morning schedule at all—when’s your first class?”

“Depends. When are you leaving?”

“I need to get back to Ann Arbor with enough time for some studying. So I should leave before lunch.”

“In that case my first class is after lunch. I’ll skip the others.”

“Aww, lover, no. Why don’t you go to class while I talk to Doctor Vince?”

“Oh, that would work, actually—if he’s not teaching then himself.”

“And then why don’t I just leave before your next class?”

“They’re back to back.”

“Then we could say goodbye before class, I go talk to Vince, then leave.”

He shook his head. “I always watch you drive away. It’s part of the tradition.”

She smiled sadly and admitted defeat. “Well, as long as you make at least one of your classes. I don’t want you to miss everything because of me. Hungry?”

“Let’s go to the Sun’s Up. I’ll pay.”

“We can split it, I’m not totally broke.”

“Even better.”

There was a bit of a line at the 24-hour-breakfast cafe, so in the end Parker skipped both his morning classes after all. They ate quietly.

“Does it seem to you that we only come here when we’re a little bit down?” Meagan asked.

“It’s here for us when we need it,” Parker said, “to ease our pain with pancakes.”

“Paincakes, you mean.”

“Paincakes sound terrible. We’re getting pain-reliever pancakes.”

“New and improved formula! Fortified with Vitamin I,” she said, using the classic Ultimate Frisbee nickname for ibuprofen.

“Vitamin I never works on my heartbreak,” he said.

“No, I suppose it wouldn’t,” she said. “Maybe aspirin?”

“Worth a try.”

Back on campus, Parker sat out in the hall and tried to do some homework while Meagan caught up with her old mentor—but that was over far too soon. And since it was nearly 11am, it was time for her to go. They made their way out to the parking lot slowly, holding hands, and when they reached Meagan’s car it was clear it was her turn for tears. He hugged her, trying to make it feel better for a few minutes more.

“Fuck, this is hard,” she whispered.

He thought about making a sex joke. But he decided against.

“Soon,” he promised.

“I know. But soon isn’t now.”

“We’ll be okay.”

“We will be. We’ve been through so much. And there are people who don’t get to see each other for months and months. Or years. Or ever. Political prisoners, that kind of thing. We’re pretty darn lucky.” She wiped the tears from her eyes. “But it still sucks.”

“Mmmhmmm.”

“I love you.”

“I know.”

“That never gets old,” she said, “but I get it a bit more now. Speaking of political prisoners. Political popsicle, in Han’s case. But yeah, Leia not knowing when she’d see him again, or even if she ever would—I get it more. I mean, I’ll see you in a few weeks. But it’s still the same kind of pain, just a lot smaller. Still seems the right time to say ‘I love you.’”

“Definitely.”

“Mmmmmmmmmmkay. Now I really gotta go.”

“It’s much less exciting when you say that under these circumstances.”

“Too true.” She kissed him. “I’ll text you the minute I get home safe.”

“As always. And drive carefully.”

“You know I always do.”

“You always do when I’m in the car.”

“Yeah, well, precious cargo and all…”

“But you’re still carrying precious cargo,” he told her. “Precious to me.”

“Good point. I’ll be careful.”

He refrained from making the obvious Star Wars reference, since it would be wildly bad in this particular moment, and settled for kissing her.

“Watch me go,” she said, “and then see me soon.”

“I promise.”

She got in, turned on the car, rolled down the window to kiss him one last time, and drove away. She flung up an arm in farewell as she turned the corner out to the street. He waved back, and then kept the first half of the promise he’d just made.

*004*2025-10-18 03:59

And now, the other side of the story!

###

Part Two: Northbound

November

The bus was so late it was going to arrive tomorrow. Admittedly tomorrow—defined as “12 midnight”—was only half an hour away. But it had been another standard grimy and frustratingly long trip on Greyhound, with not one but two connections to make. In pouring November rain. The first one, there hadn’t even been proper shelter, just an overhang from the building where one route dropped him off and the other (eventually) picked him up, so he was pretty soaked from his waist down for the majority of the trip. The bus was at least warmer than outside, so he was no longer shivering—but the air on the bus was also so humid, he was barely getting any drier. And the windows were so fogged up, he couldn’t tell where they were. All he knew was that they were late, and there was no real telling when they’d arrive in Ann Arbor.

This was a problem on multiple levels. One, he was extremely tired of sitting in clingy, clammy, lukewarm jeans. Two, he was extremely tired of sitting, period. Three was so much worse, though: Meagan was waiting for him at the bus station, but he had nothing he could tell her about when they’d arrive.

And fourth, he was desperately horny.

It wasn’t the surroundings, of course. It was because (a) he hadn’t jacked off more than twice in the two-and-a-bit weeks since Meagan had driven away and he’d watched her go, and (b) something had happened after class two days that had sent his desire for her into raging overdrive.

He tried not to think about it. It felt disloyal, and re-complicated things. Also, getting a hard-on in still-wet jeans would be massively uncomfortable.

He morosely stared at the blurry lights flashing by outside that told him little. He knew that Meagan would be exhausted, going by what she’d told him of her week—and he couldn’t tell her to go home and sleep, since he had no other way of getting to the apartment.

To his relief, they rolled into Ann Arbor only a few minutes after midnight. Then there were the agonizing moments waiting for everyone ahead of him to get off—which at least wasn’t that many people, this late at night. Then finally he dashed across from the bus door to the bus station door, stepped into the grime and harsh florescent lights, and looked around hungrily.

And there she was, waiting, leaning against a wall, with a look on her face like he rarely saw: a certain desperation. Not from a need to pee—he knew that look—but from a need for something to be over. But her lips curled in an exhausted smile at seeing him that made his heart lurch like a roller coaster, rising and falling all at once. He wanted to get her out of here and away to bed. She managed to get herself upright by the time he crossed to her, which he did far faster than he usually walked.

When their lips met and when he felt her body against his, however, the hunger slipped past his concern for her. He leaned her gently back against the wall and made out with her like he hadn’t kissed her in two years, not two weeks. The kiss only broke when she made a small noise which might have been a protest.

“And hello to you too,” she said, with the faintest edge to it.

“Sorry,” he said.

“Not your fault the bus was late. But let’s get the fuck out of here. These lights are killing me.”

“I know you’ve gotta be exhausted. Want me to drive?” he asked as they walked through the rain to her car.

“I’d still have to navigate. Might as well steer, too.”

“But if you’re that tired…”

“I got it,” she said, a little testy. And indeed, she got them back to the apartment without any trouble. It was dark with the Roommate asleep, and Meagan led Parker by hand through the living room and the kitchen to her bedroom at the far end. With the door closed, she turned on the bedside lamp and took her jacket off. “Wow, you really got soaked,” she said, noticing his jeans at last as she kicked off her shoes.

“I’ve been looking forward to taking them off for hours,” he admitted.

“Well, now you can.”

“I will if you will.”

She rolled her eyes and dropped her pants too. At last free from the damp denim, and with Meagan standing in her T-shirt and panties at the bedside, his sexual hunger surged again. Before he even realized he was doing it, he was kissing her passionately. Not breaking the kiss, he started pulling her shirt off.

She backed away and put a hand on his chest. “Um, Parker? I’m sorry, but I’m really tired.”

He nodded and let it drop… until they were in bed. With her cuddled up next to him he got fiercely hard instantly.

“Dude,” she muttered.

“Sorry. I’m tired too, but I’m really, really horny.”

She pulled his cock out of his boxers and held it. No stroking, not squeezing, just held it, waiting until the boredom set in. “In the morning, I promise,” she said while she did so.

He didn’t soften for ages, though.

In the morning he woke up first, and waited as long as he could before starting to feel her up. She woke up gradually and kissed him back, but then pulled away.

“What’s wrong?” he asked.

“It’s just… I’m not feeling it.”

An icy feeling settled in his guts. “Not feeling what?”

She knew him well, even half-asleep on a Saturday morning. “Not you, lover. I love you. I’m just not feeling… sexy.”

“You’re incredibly sexy.”

“I know that. Sorry. Bad choice of words. I just…” she rubbed her eyes. “What time is it, anyway?”

“About 6:30.”

“Can we have this conversation again when I’m properly awake?”

“Of course.”

She snuggled up against him. “Thank you,” she said, and closed her eyes.

He tried to settle back into sleep himself. Tried to put thoughts of sex from his mind. But unbidden, the memory came bubbling up…

2nd Floor Cole Hall

62 hours earlier

Parker was walking down the hall when he saw a familiar face and waved.

“Hey, Parker!” Zephyr said, turning away from the door she’d had her hand on to open. “I never see you anymore! How are you doing?”

They talked for a minute, catching up, and Parker realized he’d missed this version of Zephyr—the classroom version, the version that reminded him how smart she really was. But then she set down her bag and took off her hoodie, and the other Zephyr, the silly/sexy version, began to peek through. She was wearing low-rise jeans and a T-shirt that was cropped at both the hem and the neck. Zephyr was not known for her hips, but what she had was being set off to amazing advantage by that outfit—and Parker had always been a sucker for the off-the-shoulder look. And of course she wasn’t wearing a bra.

She shifted from foot to foot, and suddenly his pulse skyrocketed. They were standing right outside the women’s restroom. Which she’d been about to walk into. And she was restless.

Shit, how many times am I gonna see this girl desperate to pee?

“Is this a good time? I’m not keeping you from anything?” he asked.

“No, not at all!” she said.

And crossed her legs.

And asked another question.

She’s not just a little desperate. She’s deliberately holding it.

Parker resolved to invent an excuse and run off in a minute, but he was genuinely glad to catch up with his friend. He wasn’t going to be rude, even if it was secretly gentlemanly.

She recrossed her legs, and Parker realized that she was looking a little flushed. And that her nipples were hard. Quite obviously so.

She’s not just deliberately holding it. She’s getting turned on by it.

Now it was his turn to shift position awkwardly. His hard-on was rising to match the two little erections in her shirt.

Part of his mind was keeping the conversation going on autopilot. Another part of his mind, from some detached place, pondered the strangeness of two people being sexually aroused by something one of the people was doing, without at any point acknowledging it out loud.

Zephyr gave the smallest wriggle, and Parker knew he had to get out of there before she pissed her jeans or he came in his.

“When are you gonna see Meagan next?” she asked.

“Two days,” he said promptly.

“Oooh, lucky!” she said, with a knowing smile. And then, with a bit of a tone of I-shouldn’t-say-this-but-here-goes-anyway, she added, “Give her a kiss for me.”

“That can probably be arranged,” he said.

“All right, I’m gonna go pee before I explode,” she said, with another one of those wriggles. “And you go have good sex. But it was so good to see you!”

“You too!” he said—and fled.

Meagan dozed fitfully in his arms for half an hour, but he was too restless/horny to be a good bedmate, and finally she gave up trying. She kissed him again and stared at the ceiling for a bit and then said, “I’m just feeling pressured.”

“Oh, shit,” he said. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean…”

“No, no. It’s not just you. It’s all those cultural expectations… like, even the Roommate was making jokes about us bangin’, because we—uh, that is, you and I were gonna be seeing each other after a while. It’s just like… every story, and practically everyone in the world, assumes that the first thing two long-distance lovers do is fuck.”

“And I’m playing right into that…”

“Yeah.” She rubbed her temples. “And considering that’s literally the first thing we did when I visited you, and that I actually set it up that way by holding it, I’ve been playing right into it too, so it’s either both our faults or nobody’s fault. And I’m really, really, really sorry, but I absolutely have to do some homework this weekend. I know, I promised visiting weekends were sacred, but, um—grad school.”

“I know.”

“But then I think: ‘Yeah, Meagan, but sex is the backbone of the relationship. You gotta fuck.’ And that’s even more pressure.”

He kissed her cheek. “That’s a lot. And we know that when you’re feeling a lot of stress and pressure, you kinda get turned off.”

“Mmmhmmm.”

“Can I say where I’m coming from?”

“Of course.”

“I haven’t jacked off all week. And, um, sex has been on my mind. I’m not asking for anything,” he quickly added. “I just… you like it when I wait for you. So I tried to show up ready, like you showed up for me last visit. And I’m really, really ready.”

“Shit, Parker,” Meagan said. “I gotta at least give you a hand job, then!”

“Nope,” he said firmly. “If you’re not feeling sexy, then we just won’t have sex. That’s all. I can wait.”

“You’re sure?”

“Mmmhmm. In fact—let’s just set a precedent right now. We don’t have to have sex the first minute we see each other, or even the first day. We just need to have sex sometime each visit. Besides, odds are good the sex will get better the longer we put it off.”

“Yeah, if you don’t spontaneously come in your shorts!”

“I’ll try real hard not to.”

She cuddled up to him again. “Thank you, lover. Thank you so much for understanding.”

“Of course.”

They lay there for a long moment, just basking in each other. Then Parker said, “Really? Sex is the backbone? Not our strong and longstanding mutual respect and all the challenges we’ve survived?”

“Well, it’s at least the ribcage.”

“I can get behind that,” he said, running a finger over her ribs and up under her breasts.

“Was that a sex position request?”

“I didn’t mean it that way!”

She grinned.

“Feeling better already, huh?” he asked.

“I am,” she said. “You’re sure you don’t want a hand job? Because I wouldn’t mind.”

“Nope. We’re setting a precedent. Gotta stick to it.”

She took his face between her hands and kissed him long and gentle. “I love you,” she said, when she broke the kiss.

“Oh, you do, huh?”

“Mmmmmhmmmmmmmm. In fact—now I wanna feed you breakfast.”

“How about this,” he proposed. “You make breakfast, then I’ll clean up while you do homework. That way there’s no school pressure—okay, less school pressure—and we can do whatever we want tomorrow.”

“‘I like this plan. I’m happy to be a part of it. Let’s do it,’” she quoted.

“Um, actually, the line is ‘I love this plan. I’m excited to be part of it. Let’s do it.’”

“Um, actually, if you’re gonna be pedantic about movie references, I’m deliberately burning your eggs.”

“Fair. But we know definitively that your eggs will not be fertilized.”

She laughed and got out of bed to get dressed.

As it happened, the Roommate (her name was Della, but they’d fallen into the pattern of calling her the Roommate so much that Parker occasionally struggled to remember she did, in fact, have a name) was getting up at about the same time, so it ended up being eggs for everyone. And Parker, true to his word, washed a lot of dishes—including many left over from dinner the night before, which he hadn’t even been involved in, just because it needed doing and it gave Meagan time to study. She worked for a whole two hours when she suddenly looked up. “Oh, shit, I forgot! If you’re taking the car back down south—and I know you are, since you don’t have a return ticket—then we need to do a lot of shopping.”

“Sounds fine to me,” Parker said. “In fact, if we’re gonna be shopping—how about a big dinner tonight?”

“That would defeat the purpose of laying in a lot of supplies,” Meagan pointed out.

“Not at all. Not if I make you a huge pot of something and leave you with a lot of leftovers.”

The first problem with making a huge pot of something turned out to be a lack of a huge pot. So when they went out, they stopped by a Goodwill and emerged with a reasonably-large cookpot—and Parker made a mental note to put “kitchen equipment” on the Christmas present list. They returned to the apartment having spent most of Meagan’s food budget for the month, which was a bit problematic since it was only the 4th—but since Thanksgiving was only a couple weeks away, a good chunk of the food would be taken care of by Parker’s parents.

“And I am once again eternally grateful to your folks for taking me in,” Meagan said.

“Can you be once again ‘eternally grateful’?” Parker mused. “Not being pedantic, I promise, just genuinely confused by the grammar.”

“Well, I was eternally grateful already for them taking me in that summer, and now I’m eternally grateful for them taking me in for Thanksgivings. So I’m eternally grateful again, just about something else.”

“I think they’re just pleased they still get me home every holiday.”

Meagan got quiet about that, and Parker realized he’d put his foot in it. “Sorry, love. I didn’t even think.”

“Do they talk about it?” she asked quietly.

“Never that I’ve heard. I was just being flippant, and I made a bad joke, and I’m sorry.”

She relaxed slightly. “Whew. I love your mom and dad so much, I really didn’t want to resent them.”

“No, you can just resent me.”

She squeezed his hand. “I will. Not funny, love.”

“I won’t—mm. I’m really sorry. I know that’s a tough subject and I shouldn’t have made a joke about it, even indirectly.”

A few moments of silence passed.

“Okay, done resenting you,” she said. “Just don’t do it again, mmmmkay?”

“That was fast.”

“Holding grudges against the person who makes me happiest seems like a bad long-term strategy. Besides, you apologized.”

But she was still a little quiet until the dinner feast began to take shape. Then she said, “This is starting to remind me of that one Thanksgiving in the dorms.”

“Thanksgiving in the dorms sounds pretty miserable,” the Roommate said.

“It was just the two of us, though,” Meagan said. “And we were young and in love.”

“We made our own fun,” Parker deadpanned.

“Along with a lot of food,” Meagan added.

“Young and in love as opposed to now, when you’re old and jaded,” the Roommate joked.

“Actually, things were still pretty new back then. We’d been together less than a year. A lot less, now that I think about it. Started dating in spring, and that was in fall, of course… yeah, only eight months. And some of that was long-distance.”

“Yeah, feels like that was longer,” Parker said. “Weird.”

“That whole week was kinda magic. An empty campus to explore, just us…”

“A significant bonding experience, then,” the Roommate said.

“Certainly one of our big milestones. It was officially our first holiday together.”

“You were already thinking long-term?” the Roommate asked.

“I started thinking long-term about three weeks in,” Parker said. “Meagan had to gently dissuade me. But what about you, love?”

“To be honest,” Meagan said, “I was just taking it one thing at a time. Showed you the cabin. Had a birthday with you. Had Thanksgiving with you. I wasn’t planning on breaking up, I didn’t want us to break up, but I really wasn’t thinking long-term until the whole paying-for-senior-year debacle and breaking up with my family. You were just such a rock through that whole thing. After that I didn’t want to imagine life without you. I did imagine it without you, because of the grad school issue; I just didn’t like doing it.”

“But having survived fights, family drama, and decisions on the future,” Parker said, stretching out a hand to take Meagan’s, “it seems pretty long-term.”

She squeezed his hand back. “So it is.”

That night, cuddling up, Parker decided to check in. “Hey, lover. We talked about some hard stuff today. I made a bad joke, and I’m sorry again, and thank you for only resenting me for a few minutes. And then we talked about long-term, and I know that can be scary for you. How are you feeling?”

“Well, I was feeling okay,” Meagan said.

“But now…?”

“Now I’m feeling better than okay. Because you asked that question. Besides, you understood about all the pressure.”

“Mmmhmmm.”

“I don’t know what the future holds for us, lover,” she said, stroking his cheek, “but we’ve had a lot of happy middles, and I just keep coming back for more of those.”

“Me, too.”

“But speaking of pressure… how are you feeling? Still like you’re about to pop?”

“Not so much,” he said. “We kept pretty busy all day. That helps. Distracting.”

She kissed him, and he felt the intent behind it. “Wanna stop being distracted?”

“Ooof,” he said a moment later. “All that buildup hit me again…”

“Good,” she said. “It’s been a full day, right? Precedent has been set?”

“Not… technically. Since it’s only 11pm.”

“Well, if we’re gonna be pedantic about it—!”

“Gahh, no, sorry! Precedent set, yes, we can be done!”

“Too late, Mr. Pedantic. We’ll have to wait until it’s been more than 24 hours. And since I’m sleepy, that means morning.”

He groaned. She grinned.

“If it helps,” she whispered in his ear, “I thought I might wake up early-ish and take a nice, long, relaxing shower. Care to join me?”

“That sounds pretty nice.”

“Mmmmm, good. And if we’ve got the water going, we can talk a little more freely. Say, about what I didn’t do before we hopped in to that shower.”

“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?”

“Technically, you’re now thinking what I’ve been thinking.” She kissed him. “And on that thought—sweet dreams, lover!”

He took a long time going to sleep, with that vision dancing in his mind. So, naturally, she woke up first, and woke him up with kisses.

“Got a question for you,” she breathed in his ear. “I gotta pee. I also really want you. Do you wanna go get that shower now? Or would you rather make me wait? Pros and cons of going now: we can probably avoid the Roommate entirely, but I won’t be as desperate. Pros and cons of waiting: I’ll be bursting but we’ll have to be much quieter in there.”

“Let’s go now,” Parker whispered back. “You don’t need to be bursting to turn me on.”

“I can tell,” she whispered with a grin. His hard-on was already stiffening between them.

They moved silently through the apartment. Meagan had thought to bring an extra towel for Parker. The bathroom was quite cold, and so was the water, so they had to wait a bit for it to warm up. Meagan shifted from foot to foot.

“Bursting after all?” Parker asked.

“Between the cold and the running water and being right next to a toilet I’m not gonna use? Yeah, kinda.”

He hugged her tight, arms around her waist.

“Is this to warm me up or make me more desperate?” she asked.

“Warm you up. If I wanted to make you more desperate, I’d do this.”

“Fuck, warn a girl!”

“And surrender the advantage of surprise?”

Finally the water was hot enough. Meagan stripped down fast and jumped in. Parker was only a moment slower. “Wanna help me wash my hair first?” she asked. “It’ll make me wait longer.”

“Sure. What do I do?”

“Mostly, you help me lather up. And help spot anyplace I missed. Then we do it again, with the conditioner.”

“This could take some time,” he murmured.

“I know. Aren’t you glad?”

Parker fell to it with a will, but then a thought crossed his mind. “Question: what if the Roommate wakes up and has to pee?”

“Then she’ll just have to wait, won’t she?” Meagan turned, eyes sparkling. “I’m fine with you imagining that.”

The memory of Zephyr sprang into his mind.

“What’s wrong?” she said. “No need to look guilty, I just gave you permission.”

“Well, first off, I don’t think of Della that way. Like, no sexual attraction at all.”

“Interesting. Even though she’s pretty?”

“Yeah. Just—never crossed my mind. But, um, there’s something else.” And he told the story of Zephyr in the hall.

“Oh, shit, lover!” Meagan said. “No wonder you were such a horny hedgehog when you got here.”

“Yeah. I wanted to get Zeph out of my mind by getting you back into it. And I wanted to do that by getting into you.”

“Well, in a minute you can do exactly that,” she said. Then she reached up to kiss him. “But thank you for telling me, and thank you for trying to be mentally loyal. And you have my permission to imagine Zephyr today—right up until you’re in me. Then I want all your attention.”

He was getting harder by the second. “I promise,” he said.

“Good. Now, where were we?”

“Washing your hair.”

“Mmhmmmmm. But let’s hurry up and finish, yeah? ‘Cause this water is not helping me hold in the slightest.” She rinsed, then started in on the conditioner.

“Think this is slippery enough to be lube?” he asked, rubbing it between his finger and thumb.

“I’ve got lube,” she said.

“Where?”

She reached between her legs. “Right here.”

“Already? I haven’t even touched you.”

“Anticipation, lover, anticipation. And making you wait, just as much as you’re making me wait. Tell me again how horny you got this week.”

“I will if you tell me how desperate you are.”

“Oh, I admit I’m not actually bursting. Just… really gotta go, y’know? That’s why you can imagine Zephyr if you want, if it helps you get there.”

“I’d rather imagine you,” he said, running slightly-slippery hands down her hips.

“Why imagine me when I’m right in front of you?”

“I’m just remembering some significant times that I—heh—got behind you.”

“Tell me,” she said.

“The treehouse,” he said instantly.

“Mmmmm,” she said, and felt her clit. “That’s a nice memory, yeah.” She slapped her own ass and leaned forward against the shower wall. “Wanna slide right in there, lover?”

“‘I love this plan. I’m excited to be part of it. Let’s do it.’”

“Double meaning in that,” she said, fingering herself.

“Mmmmm, you’re nice and tight.”

“Well, I’m a little desperate, y’know.”

“Do you want me to go slow?”

“Slower would make me wait longer,” she pointed out. “And also since you feel fantastic in me right now, I don’t mind prolonging the feeling.”

“Um, I don’t know how long I’ll be able to hold off.”

She shrugged, which sent a jiggle through her dangling boobs. “Come for me whenever, love. I’ll catch up either way…”

By going carefully, and focusing more on how his hard-on was interacting with her clit, he lasted a lot longer than he thought he would. But it was still just a minute or two before the buildup of the weeks and days couldn’t wait any longer, and he thrust one last time to burst deep within her.

“Aww yeah,” she said, her voice quavering a bit. “That feels like a flood in there.”

He kept going as long as he could, but it was just another two or three thrusts before he started to rapidly soften. “Sorry, love,” he said. “You’re too tight, can’t stay in.”

“It’s fine,” she replied, fingers moving furiously. “I’m not… that far… behind you, anyw—ahhhh!”

“And there it is,” Parker said, bending over her to kiss her shoulder (and feel up one of her boobs) as he watched the tremors ripple through her. “Love you, beautiful.”

“Love you too,” she said. “Can I pee now?”

“Sure, but you gotta do it from this position.”

“I’ll piss all over you!”

“I’m gonna get out of the way. I wanna see how far you can pee.”

She snorted. “All right.” And produced quite the jet.

“Did I get it?” she asked. “Did I hit the wall?”

“Almost.”

“Fuck. Knew I should have had more water last night.” She straightened up. “Now how do you feel, beautiful boy?”

“Much, much better.”

“Mmmm, big relief, huh? Just like mine?”

“Pretty much.”

She kissed him. “Help me wash up, yeah?”

“I’ll wash your back if you wash mine.”

“Deal.”

It hadn’t been their best sex ever, but Parker decided to remember it—as much for the joy of caring for his lover as for the relief from the various pressures. The sight of Meagan’s sexy-satisfied stretch as she got out of the shower and reached for a towel was the cherry on top.

###

“My turn to drive away,” Parker said as he shouldered his bag.

“Mmmhmm. You better not look back while you’re driving. You’d crash my car.”

“I won’t. I’ll just cast longing glances at the empty seat beside me. I don’t think I’ve ever been in that car without you.”

“Take good care of it,” Meagan said, taking his hand for the walk out to the car. “And take care of yourself, too. Gonna miss you.”

“Just twelve days this time.”

“Not too long, no. But the hard part isn’t the length of time,” she said. “It’s the saying goodbye at all.”

“That sounds like something I would say.”

She shrugged. “You’re rubbing off on me. Also, I love you. Like, a lot.”

“I know,” he said quietly. “I know. But we’ll get through this. We’re dealing with the problems as they come and we’re dealing well.”

“Mmmm. I hate to say this, love, but probably the next problem to deal with is homework. This semester has been hard, and spring will be harder. We might need to make some adjustments.” She gave his hand a squeeze. “But we don’t need to decide anything now. We can talk more at Thanksgiving, or Christmas.”

“Deal.”

They reached her car. She ceremoniously handed over the keys. He took them and gave her a mock-formal bow. When he came back up she grabbed him and gave him a kiss that could only be described as fierce.

“Hey,” he said, when the kiss broke.

“Hey.”

“Just thought of something.”

“Mm?”

“I’m glad you’re gonna miss me. And that I’m gonna miss you. Miss you like I’m missing vital organs. But I’m glad. Because it means we still care.”

“We do,” she said. “We care a lot.”

“And we’re gonna keep caring.”

“We will.”

“See you soon. So soon we can just skip days and go straight to hours.”

“Really?”

“Really. Two hundred and eighty-eight hours, starting now.”

“I’ll take your word for it.”

“Easy. Twelve days times twenty-four. Twelve times twelve is 144, so double that…”

She kissed him. “I said, I’ll take your word for it. Drive safe for me, love. Precious cargo and all. So take good care of you.”

