A Desperation Day Story

Author: Wee Hamish

*000*2012-05-28 21:04

Here's something I came up with, based on a real event but written as two secret diary entries, one from her, one from him. Here goes...

Penny's Secret Diary – Sunday 27th May

It was a really lovely day, with the birds singing their little hearts out and all was right with the world. I should have been happy and care-free, but I wasn't. Sure, I pretended to be content so Ted wouldn't be concerned, but concerned I certainly was. No, more than concerned; more like scared and desperate. All day my bladder was the only thing I could think of. All day I was hoping to get to a loo but all day I feared my worst nightmare may be about to come true, if a loo couldn't be found. My nightmare is of course the utter shame of having an accident for everyone to see.

Oh, why on earth do stations lock the toilets on a Sunday! If I had known the ladies on the station would be locked (or even suspected it might be) I would have gone on the train, even though I find it very difficult to go when the toilet is rocking and shaking on a train. My mistake was in holding on for the rock-steady loo at Appleby station. Rock-steady it undoubtedly was but LOCKED it most certainly was also. I know many stations these days don't have toilets but Appleby was a restored 'old style' station so surely it could be relied upon to come to the aid of the bladder-stressed traveller. WRONG!

Finding the ladies locked was a real scare. If there had been any station staff around I might have plucked-up the courage to ask if they had the key, but the only people around where a few passengers and none of them appeared to need the 'facilities'. Wow, did I need the 'facilities' now! Fortunately Ted had wondered off a little way so hadn't seen me trying the toilet door. I quickly joined him since lingering by the door would serve no useful purpose. “OK?” he said and I simply smiled and nodded. I should have admitted the fact that I had been barred access to the loo and the relief that would have brought, but I didn't – I couldn't. If I had been sensible I would have told him I was nursing a very full bladder and had to find an unlocked loo quickly, but I've always been too shy about needing a wee, so I remained dumb.

Ted had a brochure containing a walk-plan which he assured me would take in all the sights. How I hoped one of those sights was a loo! No such luck! We started out by following a path beside the river and before long Ted found a quiet bench in the shade and he quickly settled to look at the river for a while. Sitting was a relief since it allowed me to cross my legs for a little while. It was truly a lovely spot but oh how I ached for a toilet. Ted handed me the guide and I quickly spotted a 'WC' symbol somewhere in the park behind us but how was I going to tell Ted I was in need of a loo, so soon after leaving the station. I had landed myself in a real fix by pretending I had used the loo at the station.

I couldn't now tell him I had lied back there and I was STILL nursing a full bladder (even fuller now come to think of it, and I couldn't think of anything else). Suddenly Ted decided that was enough sitting about and suggested we head for the castle. OK, I thought, provided the castle isn't too far away, I'll use the loos there. There had to be loos at the castle, right! Well there might have been but the castle and grounds were closed, locked and barred. Ted was disappointed, I also looked disappointed but was actually horrified at being barred again from a loo. I thought that surely now we would head back to the river and the loo in the park? Then I would tell him I had to use the loo again. Enough time had elapsed for this not to cast suspicion on my pretended visit to the loo at the station.

What happened? We got lost! Street after street we trekked and suddenly I'm aware I'm leaking. I could feel a wet patch between my legs, then came a huge spurt. I stopped abruptly to squeeze really hard to stem the flow - for now. Now the inside of my left leg was wet right down to my knee and there might have been a drop or two on my shoes. Thank God I was wearing my best summer flower dress with the very full skirt, which hopefully had concealed my accident but for how long? My knickers were feeling pretty wet but if I could avoid losing any more wee, perhaps today's hot sun would dry me off quickly. Could I hold out for the return train?

Another ninety minutes at least. I had to, unless I could spot an alleyway into which I could retreat for a squat-wee. Thank heaven Ted hadn't seen my wet legs, and already they felt almost dry again. One alleyway looked promising and I was about to tell Ted I needed some privacy for a moment when a dog started barking somewhere very close by, then from the top of the alleyway emerged a walker with his barking dog. Oh to think he could have so easily appeared just as I was squatting! I gave up on the idea and resolved myself to having to wait for the train and it's lovely loo, no matter how loudly my bladder screamed for relief.

Finally we were back at the station, with about twenty minuted to wait for the train but I bit my lip and crossed my legs so tightly as we waited on the platform bench. Ted was saying how good the day had been but all my attention was taken in visualising the glorious relief coming my way, in just twenty, fifteen, ten minutes. I would immediately go to the loo before the train moved, so avoiding my difficulty of using a rocking loo, although I imagine my bladder would have grabbed the chance to quickly empty even in the middle of an earthquake, but better safe than sorry, so a steady loo sounded like heaven.

The train arrived and as we boarded, I let Ted go ahead to find a seat as I charged into the loo. I was dribbling even before I was quite ready and as soon as I got my knickers down the dribble exploded into a flood. Oh, I could write volumes about the profound feeling of relief as my distended and much tortured bladder took the opportunity without any hesitation. I knew I would feel my aching bladder for quite a while as it continued to protest at being stretched so much and for so long, but I could live with that, thank you very much.

From how urgently I had charged into the loo, Ted must have guessed how desperate I had been but hopefully he didn't know for how long I had been longing, aching, bursting for a wee.

Will I ever tell him about the locked station loo? Probably not; definitely not! Will I ever admit to having wet my knickers during the walk back to the station; absolutely not! He must never know what a silly girl I am!

###

Tom's Secret Diary – Sunday 27th May

What a day today has been! Penny was so cute and so very brave. I suspected something was wrong at the station when she headed straight for the ladies. The fact that she returned so promptly coupled with the fact that I know the toilets are usually locked on Sundays, was strong evidence to suggest she hadn't been able to attend to her urgent need. She said she was OK (silly, brave girl) but knowing what I now knew got me all excited. She had clearly boxed herself into a difficult situation.

I couldn't ask “Do you want to wee?” since she was having me believe she has just successfully been to the ladies. She wasn't about to say “Actually I do need a loo badly” because she had just said she was OK. I have huge admiration for her endeavours in concealing her plight. At one point I thought she was about to admit to desperately needing a loo but then we came upon a group of people so her chance had passed for now. I could see that returning directly to the park would inevitably lead passed the playground toilets but I had a great idea. I would pretend to be lost so we could take a long and contorted route back to the station, avoiding the encounter with any public conveniences in the park.

I eagerly watched her stiff-legged walk as the walk progressed and after seeing her suddenly and abruptly stop once or twice, I did wonder if she was about to lose control of her bladder. Had she wet? Had she suppressed the urge in time? Was that a whimper I heard? Wow! was that wet on her legs or just the sun on her gloss tights? I like to think she had weed a little and the shiny leg look was indeed due to wet rather than just the sun catching the sheen of her tights. I loved the way she kept looking this way and that, looking, I'm sure for a private corner or niche into which she could hide for a squat-wee.

Would she have squatted up an alleyway, given the chance? Probably not since there where just too many people around today to make it a viable option, but a bursting bladder can force you to do the most embarrassing things in order to get relief and avoid a humiliating public wetting, so who knows. I was truly amazed that she made it back to the station without further incident but I've never seen anyone cross their legs that tightly before as we sat waiting for the train home. I'm sure she wanted to jiggle about as we sat there but to her ladylike credit, she didn't; just gripped her thighs as tightly as a clam (assuming clams have thighs). The poor girl must have been frantic for a wee but she managed to keep her secret concealed from me - she thinks!

When we boarded the train I wasn't surprised to see her vanish immediately into the loo. I could almost feel the relief radiating from that little room. What a girl! Will she ever tell me she was bursting? Probably not. Will she ever tell me whether or not she had wet herself, ever so slightly?Probably not. Will I ever tell her I knew all along she had but one thought on her mind all day? Probably not. Will I ever tell her how her plight turned me on? Well, maybe one day!

*002*2012-06-02 21:40

Thanks for expressing your appreciation, and yes, I do think that the two-part concept makes for an unusual presentation of the day. One might wonder if the two people in the story ever get round to comparing their diary entries. I suppose that might make a good starting point for a follow-on story!

*004*2012-06-05 15:54

As regards the 'common plot' well I agree but it was based on a real-life event (with a little elaboration) and in real life even the commonest event can trap one in a bit of a tight spot (well a tight bladder actually).

