ΠΣΣ (Pi Sigma Sigma): Zephyr Moves In

Author: Weasel

*011*2019-08-28 03:38

Only took most of a month, sorry -- but good things (I hope!) come to those who wait.

###

Ashley’s Game

Maybe the hardest part about living in ΠΣΣ House was the Bunkroom. There wasn’t a lot of privacy, sharing a room with three other girls. It was a dorm room, only worse. There were certain advantages, however. When all the other girls felt like talking (which happened often enough) it was like having a slumber party. And for anyone with any lesbian tendencies at all, of course, it was just spectacular: Ashley and Zephyr and Kari had their shirts off all the time.

But that had its downsides, too. Zephyr had developed quite the crush on Ashley, and they literally were sharing a bunk. Ashley was on top. And yes, it was almost as dirty as it sounded. But not quite dirty enough, since what it really meant was that Ashley slept on the top bunk and Zephyr on the bottom. Zeph couldn’t wait to get her hands on Ashley… and yet most of a week went by, and: nothing.

Then Saturday morning came, and Ashley leaned over the edge of her bunk to peer down at Zephyr, and said (in that wonderful accent), “So, would you like to play a game?”

Zephyr had just been lounging in bed on her phone. “Sure.”

Ashley swung down out of her bunk. She was in just a tank top and panties. She ran to the closet and pulled out something. When she swung back to face Zephyr, the other girl saw it was actually two somethings: one soccer ball and one basketball.

Zephyr hesitated. She’d played both in high school, and she knew Ashley had too. She felt soccer was more of her game, but Ashley was more basketball. So she swallowed her nervousness and pointed to the basketball.

“Excellent,” Ashley said. “But now we need to be fair…”

“Fair about what?”

“Fluids, of course! We need to start empty… come with me!”

Zephyr jumped out of bed and followed Ashley upstairs, not bothering to put on any clothes other than the panties she was wearing. (Maybe the nicest part about living in ΠΣΣ House, from Zephyr’s perspective, was that it was all girls, with not much worry about “modesty.”) They took turns peeing. Then they went down to the kitchen. Kelly had their smoothies ready, but Ashley shook her head. “We’ll get those later,” she said. “We’re gonna go play some ball first.” She pulled out two Gatorades from the pantry cupboard, opened one, and poured it equally into two cups. She handed one cup to Zephyr and chugged the other herself. Zephyr followed suit.

After this pre-gaming, they went back to the Bunkroom and changed into athletic gear for the game.

“So is this a holding game, too?” Zephyr asked as she pulled on her tank top. Ashely was wearing a classic baller t-shirt: sleeves cut off and the sides opened up, so that her sports bra was pretty much just constantly visible. Zephyr, small-chested as she was, had put on a sports bra herself—mostly to avoid chafing.

“Oh yes,” Ashley said. “Let’s work out the rules. Kari and I usually play Horse, but…”

“But you always win,” Kari said, from her bunk.

Ashley looked slightly embarrassed and slightly pleased.

“I could play Horse,” Zephyr said.

“Well, I was hoping we could play 21.”

“Sure, let’s just work out the rules first,” Zeph said, hoping that she could pass off her basketball ignorance by claiming she played a different version of the game. “How do you usually play it?”

“Well, I’ve never played it as part of a holding contest, but here’s what I had in mind. Two-pointers and three-pointers as usual. And still playing to 21, obviously. But instead of free throws every time you make the shot, the other player has to take a drink instead.”

“Got it,” Zephyr said, hoping she had. She didn’t want to look uncool in front of Ashley.

Ashley grabbed the ball and the other bottle of Gatorade, and led the way out of ΠΣΣ House, dribbling down the steps.

“Wait, where are we playing?” Zephyr asked.

“There’s a middle school about ten blocks from here,” Ashley said.

“We’re playing a hold-it game in public?”

“Relax,” Ashley said, “You’ll see. It’s actually very hidden. Except from the school, of course—and nobody will be there on a Saturday morning!”

“You’re sure?”

“Kari and I have played there several times. No problems. Are you okay with that, or is this a Red Light?”

I can’t stop now. “No, it’s fine.”

Ashley climbed the fence into the middle school. Zephyr tossed her the ball and the bottle and then climbed over after her. The basketball court Ashley led them to was in the middle of the school courtyard—surrounded by empty, locked buildings on three sides. There were playing fields, including soccer, off to the fourth side, and houses beyond—but there were trees, too, and fences, and quite some distance. It seemed safe enough.

“I’m the challenger, so you get the ball first,” Ashley said, passing it over. Zephyr dribbled a little in place, then broke left. Ashley blocked her easily, and Zeph’s wild shot clanged off the backboard into the other girl’s hands. Ashley quickly drove to the basket for a layup.

“2-0,” she said, and handed Zephyr the Gatorade bottle.

It didn’t take long before Ashley was up 15-5, and the bottle (though large) was dwindling a little faster than Zephyr liked, especially since most of it was going into her. She redoubled her efforts, and managed to make it 17-9, but then Ashley sank a three-pointer.

“That’s game,” Zeph said. “But I want a rematch.”

“It’s not game yet. I’ve only got twenty.”

“Come on. You really think I’m gonna make twelve points before you make one?”

“No,” Ashley said, “but we’re definitely doing a rematch—and one thing isn’t resetting between games. Don’t you want me to have a few more drinks in me?”

Zephyr conceded that point, and drove hard to the basket—only to get blocked by a well-timed jump from Ashley, who snagged the ball, took it out, and sank another three.

“Can’t believe I fell for that,” Zephyr growled, taking her drink.

“You should know this about me,” Ashley said. “I’m a competitor. Doesn’t matter what I’m competing at. I will find a way to win.”

“You make everything a pissing match?” Zephyr asked.

Ashley laughed.

Zephyr knew she had to stop getting scored on so much in order to have any chance at winning—either the 21 game or the holding contest. She already needed to pee, and it was only going to get worse. She switched her focus to tough defense. This made for a slower, rather more physical game. It wasn’t the kind of physical contact she’d been hoping for with Ashley, and in the moments of body-checking and fouling she was filled with anger and adrenaline… but in between, as one or the other of them paused to take their drinks, she felt a rush as she remembered Ashley’s hard body colliding with hers. The girl was so sexy. And by the looks she was catching in return, the feeling was mutual.

"I will find a way to win…" Zephyr checked the ball back to Ashley, then stripped off her shirt.

Ashley grinned fiercely, and charged. Zephyr blocked her every step. And whether it was the skin or the tough D, Ashley’s shot fell short and Zephyr had the ball back in her hands. The score was 6-4 to Ashley now, and Zeph felt she was finally hitting a good groove. The only problem was that the Gatorade from the first game was now catching up to her, fast. She had to go. She dribbled a little—the ball, not the pee—as she squeezed it back, hoping Ashley wouldn’t notice.

Ashley pulled off her shirt, too.

Well gawDAMN.

It was one thing to see Ashley running around the house in just a bra. It was another thing to see her play ball that way. Especially when it was intended to arouse and distract her. It did so. It distracted Zeph from her bladder for a whole twenty seconds. It distracted her from her game, too, and she airballed.

“You’re getting that, right?” Ashley said, hands on hips, nodding at the ball that was rolling away.

Zephyr cursed again under her breath and jogged after it, every step sloshing the contents of her bladder. She squeezed harder, collected the ball, dribbled (still just the ball) back to the top of the key, and checked the ball to Ashley.

“Still 6-4,” the other girl said.

This game is gonna take forever.

Ashley broke fast from the key and downed a two-pointer before Zeph could hardly move.

Well, maybe not, Zephyr thought, taking yet another drink of Gatorade. How much longer could she play ball and not pee? There wasn’t much Gatorade left by now—they’d have to make do with water—and far too much of it had gone into her. She was fighting the temptation to cross her legs. Couldn’t show weakness, but she knew her play was going to suffer. I need an advantage. Any advantage.

Time to double down, then.

She checked the ball to Ashley, and after catching it, she parked it under her foot (soccer fashion) and stripped off her sports bra. Ashley’s eyes widened. Simultaneously, Zephyr’s nipples hardened. She might be almost totally flat, but boobs were still boobs. And Ashley really wasn’t flat. This move wasn’t something she could easily match.

Zephyr took advantage and drove to the basket as fast as she could, trying to ignore the complaints from her bladder as she ran and jumped and made her shot.

“8-6,” she said cheerfully.

Ashley headed to the bottle and drank. And winced.

Oh good, we’re both feeling it.

Tight defense. Tight shorts, especially right over their bladders. Two clanging misses. Ashley took the ball in again, and juked quick. Zephyr kept pace—for a moment. But something in the pounding of shoes on blacktop, something in the bouncing and the jostling, and her bladder got overloaded. She leaked.

“Shit!” she cried, lurching to a halt and stuffing a hand into her crotch. Ashley looked back… and, despite being entirely undefended, airballed it.

“You’re getting that, right?” Zephyr said.

Ashley groaned and trotted off. Zeph took advantage of the break to check the damage. Nothing major. Her panties felt damp, but they’d been feeling damp with sweat for a while. No major spots. She’d held it.

This time.

Ashley came up slowly, dribbling the ball at a walking pace, and passed it to Zeph. Zeph caught the ball right at chest level and felt Ash’s stare linger on her bare breasts. Zeph lingered over checking the ball, reveling in the other girl’s attention, and also using the time to try and corral her bladder. “Still 8-6,” she said.

Ashley nodded. Just nodded.

Zephyr broke down-court fast, sailed through the air, and sank a clean lay-up.

No wait, that was the plan. What actually happened was she broke down-court fast, jumped, felt her bladder spasm, missed the lay-up, and felt a spurt. No denying it. A major spurt. Ashley collected the ball and gave Zeph a searching look on her way back to the top of the key.

Zephyr looked down at her shorts. Was it noticeably bad? Her shorts were dark. But not dark enough. There was definitely a wet spot. She tried to trot after Ashley. Her bladder screamed in protest. She froze, legs pressed tight together.

“You okay?” Ashley said.

“Fine,” Zephyr said.

“8-6, still.”

“Dear god, this game is gonna take forever…”

This time, trying to move so that her brimfull bladder didn’t spill over again, Zeph could barely keep up, and it was 10-6. Zephyr slowly walked to the Gatorade bottle. It was nearly empty. Barely any liquid sloshing around inside. But the thought of putting that tiny amount of Gatorade inside her, when her bladder was turning into a basketball as it was, was wrenching. Finally she managed to finish off the bottle.

Ashley passed the ball to her. Zeph checked it, and drove in toward the basket once again, dribbling as she went… both ways. Spurt spurt spurt with every step. Tiny little spurts, but real. Her shot clanged off the backboard.

Zeph barely moved as Ashley collected the ball, took it out, checked it, and went in for a layup. If Zephyr had been in better shape to pay attention to anything other than her own bursting bladder, she would have noticed that Ashley was moving rather sluggishly herself. Ashley held the ball and passed Zephyr a water bottle.

“If I drink any of that,” Zephyr said, “I will pee my pants.”

“You haven’t already?”

“Yeah. I have. A little.”

Ashley shrugged. “So have I. You’re still in this. It’s only 12-6.”

“I can barely move.”

“Giving up?”

Zephyr stared at the bottle. And at the bra-clad girl holding it. And at the challenging look on that girl’s face. Give up, and then I can pee? Or hold it longer? For her?

She drank. Somehow, she drank. Somehow she held in the pee that threatened to gush outward with every sip. Somehow she took the ball out. Ashley was waiting for her to move. She couldn’t. Didn’t dare. One jump, just one step in any direction, and she felt like all the pee she was holding would explode all over her shorts, her shoes, and the court. It would look like they’d had a water balloon fight. She. Had. To. PEE.

She looked at Ashley, ready to run—and, without even a jump shot, she somehow, somehow, tossed up a three-pointer from where she stood. Not quite nothing but net, but still a graceful shot.

“Holy crap!” Ashley said. “That was sexy as hell!”

“Drink,” Zephyr said. At least she could take the girl down with her.

Ashley drank, and ran—no, jogged—no, walked—for the ball. And as she bent over, Zephyr saw her hand dart into her crotch. We’re both desperate. But she can still move. She focused on Ashly’s bra and boobs as the girl walked slowly back to take the ball out. Maybe if she focused on her motivation for winning the game…

Ashley checked the ball to her, and just the impact of catching the ball was enough to make her leak. She sat down, not entirely of her own will, down on her heel.

“What’s up?” Ashley said.

“I’m about to piss myself,” Zephyr said. “I can’t… I just can’t…”

“Can’t what?”

“Can’t play. Can’t win. Can’t hold it.”

Ashley nodded. “After all you drank in the first game? I’m amazed you haven’t pissed yourself already.” She cocked her head. “Do you want to piss yourself?”

Zephyr shook her head.

“I don’t want you to, either. Are you forfeiting?”

A nod. A painful nod.

“Yah. I can’t hold it much longer myself. Not with all that bouncing. Do you think you can stand up?”

Shake of the head.

“Better pee right there, then. Can you get your shorts down? Do you need my help?”

It was a painful, prideful struggle, but Zephyr managed to get on her knees and slide her shorts and panties down her thighs. Then she gratefully took Ashley’s hands and raised herself into a squat. She looked up at met the other girl’s gaze, looking down…

Can’t

After a long moment, she said it out loud. “I can’t.”

“What now?”

“I can’t pee.”

“You just said you couldn’t hold it.”

“I can’t. If I move, I leak. But I can’t pee. Not with you looking…”

“Wow. Your pee-shyness is serious,” Ashley said. “I mean, you look like you’re about to burst.”

“I am. If you went away…”

Ashley shook her head. “I gotta see you pee. That’s what I won, y’know? My reward. Getting to see that pee burst out of you…”

Zephyr shook her head.

“You seriously can’t pee? But you can’t hold it, either?”

“I wish I could!” Zephyr burst out. “It fucking hurts! But I can’t! Not when you’re LOOKING!”

Ashley hauled her to her feet. “New plan. Come on.” She kept hold of Zephyr’s hand and led her toward the hoop. Zephyr waddled along behind, shorts still around her ankles. When they reached the pole, Ashley dropped her shorts too.

“We’ll pee together,” she said. “Back to back, leaning against the pole. I won’t be able to see you. Okay?”

Zephyr nodded. It was worth a try. She leaned against the pole and sank down into a squat again. Ashley had dropped down with her: they were still holding hands.

“I’m peeing,” Ashley said, giving Zeph’s hand a squeeze. A moment later, Zephyr heard it, the splatter of piss on the blacktop.

Was it the sound of the other girl’s stream? Or the reassuring, gentle squeeze? Either way, Zephyr let go.

It felt so fucking good.

“I know, right?” Ashley said, and it was only then that Zeph realized—distantly—that she’d said anything out loud. She tried to respond to Ash’s comment but all she could do was moan with relief.

“Heh,” Ashley said. “Our puddles are joining up.”

Zeph looked down it. It was true. She’d left an enormous puddle on the asphalt—but it was now running a little downhill. Ashley’s had done the same, and the two streams were meeting.

Zephyr was still peeing, and panting with relief, as Ashley’s stream tapered off. Ashley twisted around the pole, going down on her knees, shorts still at her ankles. Zephyr was regaining enough non-pee awareness that she realized she could see Ashley’s bare butt. And that Ashley could see hers. But that was just fine.

Ashley kissed her, on the cheek.

Zephyr turned her head and kissed back, not on the cheek.

They broke apart, realizing their situation: Ashley kneeling in their puddle of pee, both of them bare-assed and well more than half-naked on a public basketball court, panting heavily from the game and the pee and the kiss.

“Can… we…?”

Ashley shook her head. “I take things slower than Kelly. I want you, I want you very badly. I’m aching from wanting you, now, not from the pee. But I need to go slower. I just do.”

Zephyr nodded, feeling the orgasm that was just starting to bud deep down inside her… and feeling it fizzle out.

“You definitely get a green light from me, though,” Ashley said. “I’m glad you’re in the house.”

They managed to get dressed again, somehow, and walked back to ΠΣΣ House. They walked slowly, and talked a lot along the way.

###

Up next: "In Amanda’s Arms", wherein our heroine learns a lot.

*015*2019-09-01 03:33

Thanks, all.

{{On 8/28/2019 at 5:24 PM, AliasnameTO said:

Sweet golden god. It's not every day a story of this caliber comes around. This is the hot, wild fantasy I didn't know I wanted. Please keep it going! My only request would be to make at least one sister into wetting, at least not caring if she does. The capstone on this very special work.

}}

Well, since you asked so nicely, I may do exactly that. Especially since the next sister I need to write was a bit of a blank slate in my mind.

(And for the record, everyone, apparently the phrase "Sweet golden god" is my Kryptonite.)

But for now, here's "In Amanda's Arms." No wetting this time, sorry. But maybe a new twist on an old idea?

###

Ashley challenged Zephyr to another holding contest (this time without basketball involved) before the weekend was over. And another one mid-week, while watching TV. But she didn’t let anything go farther than cuddling and the occasional kiss.

Zephyr was pretty much an exhibitionist; as everyone in the house knew by now, she loved getting topless. But she was not so exhibitionist that she’d masturbate in front of a roomful of people, even people she was getting quite friendly with. And sleeping in the Bunkroom with Sophie, Kari, and Ashley made it all but impossible to get herself off.

It was bad enough seeing Ashley naked, or almost so, every dang day. But what made Zeph nearly lose it with frustration was when Ashley, having challenged Zeph to three holding contests in five days, and having spent quite a few evenings cuddled up against the new girl, went and played with Kelly. They were holding it at dinner that night, and when Zephyr slipped upstairs, he saw the hair tie on Kelly’s door. The door, to Zephyr’s dismay, was firmly closed.

Zeph went back downstairs. Well, mostly downstairs. She got as far as the last step and sat down heavily, plunging her head in her hands.

“Hey, hon,” Amanda said, drying dishes. “What’s up?”

Zephyr nearly burst out with her lament, but saw that Kari and Sophie were watching. Bella wasn’t watching, but then of course she wouldn’t be—and she was always listening. So:

“Nothing.”

“Bullshit,” Amanda said, genially. “C’mon, let’s go up to my room and talk.”

Zephyr reluctantly followed the big girl upstairs, casting a glance in the direction of the hair tie on Kelly’s door.

Amanda plopped herself down on her couch and patted the seat next to her. “All right, let’s hear it.”

It took Zephyr a second, but soon the words were flowing—as hot and urgent as a desperate girl peeing. It all poured out (the words, that is): Ashley and Zephyr’s mutual crush. Mutually unconsummated crush. And now playing with Kelly! When Zephyr wanted her so badly. And, bluntly, wanted sex so badly.

Amanda listened. She was a darn good listener, nodding and “Mmmhmm”ing at all the right points. But when Zephyr started to go through it all again, circling the subject once more, Amanda didn’t let her spin her wheels. Instead she interrupted with, “Oh, girl, you want a hug?”

Zephyr nodded miserably, and a moment later found herself in the biggest, softest hug she’d ever felt.

Zeph had noticed that Amanda’s room actually got more traffic than Kelly’s. Ashley had been pretty laser-focused on the new girl lately, but it seemed that Kari and Sophie and Bella, sometimes two at a time, were often in Amanda’s room for the night. Zephyr hadn’t really seen the appeal. Amanda was the stereotype of the big black woman, massively curved. As much as Zephyr liked boobs, Amanda just seemed… too much. Ashley, lean and mean but with just enough curves in hip size and cup size, was more Zeph’s style.

But now it all made so much sense. It seemed like she could go swimming in Amanda’s arms. Amanda’s boobs were the sweetest, coziest pillows possible. Amanda’s hug felt so loving and comfortable that Zephyr burst into tears. Amanda held her until the crying passed.

“Now, girlfriend, you need to know a few things,” Amanda said. “You might not like to hear them, but you really need to know. One, Ashley gets crushes on everybody. She was on Kari so hard, fell for her like a rock from a helicopter, even though Kari’s asexual and wasn’t really doing touching back then. But Ashley wanted to play every night! Poor Kari had to call it quits, her bladder was so tired. I think Ash had a thing for Kelly, too. She definitely got a crush on Sophie and I don’t even know how they survived that. I swear, if Sophie had blushed any harder she would have plain caught fire. So it’s only natural that she’d latch on to you, too.”

Zephyr’s heart sank at these words. “But then… how come…?”

“How come you ain’t bangin’ like porn stars? Here’s the thing, hon: Ashley’s not looking for sex. She’s looking for love. She’ll crush on any girl she sees, and then she figures out that it’s not love, and she moves on. Broken so many hearts. So she’s actually learning, trying to take things slower with you.”

“This is slow for her?”

“Slower, yeah.”

“Wow.”

“Mmmhmmm. But of course she’s getting just as worked up about you as you’re getting worked up about her. Trust me, she wants you between her legs right now. But since she’s trying not to move too fast, she’s getting Kelly to get her rocks off. Cruel of her, not that she means it that way.

“Which leads me to my second thing: Ashley just ain’t as good as the communication and consent as she really needs to be. She’s learning, she’s definitely learning. But she’s still new to the house. Still coming from a world where girls gotta be chased and conquered. Asking nicely and talking things out clearly just ain’t her way. It’s a problem! To be real honest, girl, I think she’d be out of the house except that she’s sexy as hell and she is learning.

“But that’s thing number three. She is all about chasing, conquering, competing.”

“I noticed, yeah.”

“Oh indeed. So here’s something you oughta know about her: she’s looking for a girl who can out-pee her. Longer hold, bigger bladder, longer distance, more daring… whatever. She’s looking for that competition. And right now—can I take a guess? You’ve been losing.”

“Yeah.”

“So what you need to do, hon, is work on that peeing. Get better at it. If you really want Ashley in your bed—and damn, who wouldn’t?—you’ve gotta put up more of a fight.”

“She doesn’t think I’m good?”

“Girlfriend, she as much as told me that she wants your tongue on her pussy, and hers on yours, every second of every day. I all but guarantee you she’s in Kelly’s room right now wishing it were you. If she didn’t want you, she wouldn’t have thrown down with you three times in a week. She’s trying to build you up, make your bladder stronger. Why she can’t just come out and say that, I don’t know. What she also doesn’t get is that there’s more than one way to build up a bladder. She’s trying her way. But she’s never really figured out my way.”

“Your way?”

“Fighting and drama and games ain’t everything, darlin’. Sometimes you need some good old TLC.”

Zephyr nodded. “I could use that, yeah.”

“And you could probably use a good lay, huh?”

“Uh—yeah.”

“Well, Miss Zephyr, would you like a little help with that? Both of those, I mean?”

Zephyr hesitated.

Amanda stroked her hair. “It’s all right if not. And it’s all right if you’re shy. I can leave you here with all my vibrators and dildos and come back when you’re done. But I do dearly love helping people, darlin’.”

“Uh. Can we try the bladder training first? And come back to the other part later?”

“We most surely can. You gotta go now?”

“A little. Maybe a three.”

“Well, make that a seven or an eight, and then we’ll start.”

Zeph filled up her water bottle and then emptied it down her throat.

“Would you like a coach tonight, or would you like company?” Amanda asked.

“Ummm—company.”

“Can do. Pass me that bottle.”

While waiting for their bladders to fill, they talked about various things.

“I came to the house because of Kelly,” Amanda said. “I’ve actually known her since we were kids. We used to play pee games all the time—I never thought of it as a sex thing. But then Kelly met Sophie. And then they invited me to join in. It was weird the first time—and after that, it felt real natural. Because what gets me off, darlin’, is helping people out. And I made them better holders.”

“How?”

“Oh, you’ll soon see!”

Considering they’d both just chugged a whole bottle, that was true enough. Zephyr was soon shifting in her seat—a lot. Amanda noticed. “Getting there, hon?” she said—more statement than question.

“Uh-huh.”

“Let me know when you hit seven or eight.”

“Um, I’m not sure about that scale…”

“Okay, sure. One, don’t get too hung up on being exact. Nobody really knows, after all. But here’s how I measure it. Zero, you literally just peed. Emptied yourself out. One, you barely notice it. Two, three—it’s there, but not serious. At four, you’d go if you had nothing else to do. Five, you’d go even if you did. Six, things are getting uncomfortable. Seven, you’ve got to do something to hold on—just sitting there waiting ain’t cuttin’ it, you’ve got to squeeze something. Eight, you’ve gotta up your game. Nine, if you stopped doing what you’re doing to hold on for a single second, you’d piss. Ten, you’re about to piss whether you hold on or not.”

“Yeah, I’m at six.”

“Soon, then.”

“Uh—you?”

“Just a three, hon. But I started a little later and I’ve got more practice.”

Soon Zephyr reported that she was having to focus on holding. She was more than shifting in her seat, now—she was clamping down on her puss (and her piss) to hold on.

“That’s seven, girl! All right, why don’t you get on a mat? Just in case, you know. Sit or stand or kneel on a heel—whatever works for you. Then just hold on tight, no matter what! I’m starting to catch up, too—I’d say I blew past four and I’m at five.”

Zephyr positioned herself on one of the bath mats laid out around Amanda’s room. She stood—danced in place, really. Amanda dragged over another mat to be next to Zeph, and seated herself on it cross-legged.

“Now,” Amanda said, “time to really get started. First off, we gotta Kegel. You know that?”

“I know Kegels, yeah.”

“You do them often?”

“Not really.”

“You oughta be doing Kegels every day in this house, missy. Especially if you ever wanna catch Ashley. I’ll tell you, she works every single muscle in her body hard. Her pelvic muscles are no exception. So do some Kegels now, but the real work right now is just holding your pee. Later on you ought hit those Kegels hard, though.”

“Okay.”

“Tighten up and hold it tight for three seconds, then let go for two seconds. Do ‘em with me now. One, two, three—and rest. Two, two, three—and rest…”

“It’s hard, when I relax!”

“We won’t do many more. Three, two, three—”

Soon Zephyr had no concentration left for Kegels. She was squirming, hard, on the bath mat.

“Do you think you’re at eight?”

“Yeah, definitely…”

“Oh, you’re doing so good, hon! You just keep right on holdin’, you got this.” Amanda herself seemed calm, untroubled, steady as a rock—though she reported she was now at a six.

Zephyr crossed her legs. Uncrossed them. Danced a little. Recrossed them. Over and over. Every moment she was focused on holding on. Amanada kept up a steady stream (heh) of praise: “You’re getting stronger by the minute. You just keep right on doing what you’re doing. I’m at six, I’m right behind you.”

Zephyr squeaked and gasped. “Ah! I think I’m at nine…”

“Damn, you sexy thing! Keep it locked down! You got this!”

And then, suddenly:

“Okay, darlin’, Red Light. Go pee.”

“What?” Zephyr asked.

“Red Light, hon!”

“What? Why? What’d I do wrong?”

“Absolutely nothing. I’m coaching you on a lot of things, not just holding. One thing you’ve got to learn is that anyone can call Red Light any time, for any reason—or none at all. That’s important, because otherwise people are reluctant to use it when they really should. So you’ve got to practice your Red Lights and Yellow Lights just as much as you practice holding.”

Zephyr gaped.

“I’m not kidding,” Amanda said, a little more firmly. “We’re done for tonight. But—” and here her voice became warm again “—you did great for your first time. And I’ll coach you more tomorrow, okay?”

“Okay. Sounds good.”

“You’re gonna be just fine, hon,” Amanda said. “You’re gonna get so strong, and give Ashley a run for her money. I can’t wait to see it!”

So it went—for three weeks. Zephyr wasn’t in Amanda’s room every night. In fact Amanda set up a “workout routine” for the two of them: three times a week. The rest of the week, Zephyr was on orders to work out other ways (“To build up all your other muscles—they’re all connected, you know”) and to drink water. So much water. Even on days she wasn’t holding, she was to drink and drink and drink. (“That’s the way to keep it clean and healthy, you know.”) She was running to the bathroom constantly. On days when she wasn’t supposed to hold—when she was supposed to let her bladder rest and recover—it was a little tricky, especially when she had classes.

It was so tempting to just try and hold it to the end of the lecture, especially since she knew she could. But after one or two days like that, Amanda found out—somehow—just by watching her performance on the workout days. “You’re not so strong today,” she said. “Did you really get enough rest?” So now Zephyr had to come to terms with bolting out of a class to pee even at a level four. Everyone must think I have the smallest, weakest bladder in the school, she thought—and told Amanda so.

“Who cares what they think? All you should care about is getting better and stronger. Which you absolutely are.”

That was the other constant: the total loving embrace of Amanda’s praise. “How much did you drink today…? How many times did you pee…? Really? Badass! You are getting so damn good at this!”

“You got this. Ain’t no pee gonna get outta you, not until you say so.”

“So strong, you sexy girl! Dance that dance! Squirm that squirm! Hold on, just hold on tight!”

This last came as Amanda was hugging Zephyr from behind in her trademark huge hug—both of them needing to go, though Amanda never got as desperate as Zephyr did. Zeph was at a nine, wriggling and struggling. Amanda’s total loving embrace was literal as well as figurative. Zeph was pushing back against Amanda’s body as she wrestled to keep her pee in. What this was doing to the other girl’s bladder, Zephyr never knew. Amanda always waved this away with “Doesn’t matter, hon.”

Zephyr was just in her panties. Amanda was in shorts and a chemise. They were sharing a pad this time.

“Still at nine, hon?”

“Uh-huh…”

“Okay. Tonight we’re gonna push you all the way. All the way to ten. And then a little farther. Panties still dry?”

“Of course,” Zephyr said, resenting the implication.

“Bet you two weeks ago they wouldn’t have been,” Amanda said matter-of-factly. “Bet you two weeks ago you would have pissed yourself by now. But tonight you’re still dry, still holding on. Keep it up, hon. Tonight you’re gonna shine, shine, shine.”

Resentment turned to pride, and Zephyr tugged down her panties. She gasped and bent over with them only halfway down her thighs, two fingers jammed into her cleft.

“Still got it?” Amanda asked.

“Y-yeah…”

“Knew you would. Good girl. I’ll get these off you the rest of the way. I’ll bet you just went up to ten, though.”

“Maybe nine and a half,” Zephyr said, bravely.

“Attagirl. You are getting so good at this!”

“How am I gonna pee tonight? Bathroom? Pitcher?” This last referred to the plastic pitcher that Amanda kept in her room for training purposes.

“Never you mind peeing, hon. Focus on holding. That’s your job right now. Hold on, hold on, hold on tighter. By the way, I’m at eight myself.”

“You’re not even crossing your legs!”

“Yeah? Well, that’s daily Kegels for you. Besides, maybe I will be soon, hmm?”

“Gnnnh!” Zephyr bent over again, the better to drive a second hand in between her legs to reinforce the other.

Amanda stroked Zephyr’s short-cut hair. “Hang in there, honey. You’re doing so well tonight. You can do this.”

“I can’t…”

“You can!”

“I can’t hold it…”

“Don’t say that, honey, because you are holding it, and you’ll keep right on holding it. You’re doing just fine, hon. You’re so damn strong.”

It felt to Zephyr like she was about to explode. All the old phrases—My back teeth are floating; I’m up to my eyeballs; I gotta piss like a racehorse—none of these were enough. She was about to explode all over.

“Hang in there, hon. Hold on.”

“I’m gonna explode.”

“No you aren’t. You’re gonna pee right when you want to, not a moment before. You got this.”

“I’m gonna… I’m gonna…”

“You’re gonna hold on.”

Zephyr squeaked. “It’s coming out!”

“Do you want it to come out? Are you done holding?”

“N-nooo…”

“Then hold it in. You can. I know you can.” Amanda slid a hand—the third one, so far—between Zeph’s legs. “I can’t feel any leaks down here,” she said. “You’re doing just fine.”

“I—I’m gonna pop!”

“You won’t. You’re ready for this. You’ve practiced. You’re strong.”

“Amanda—I’m leaking, I really am…”

“Do you want to pee right now?”

“I gotta!”

“I didn’t ask that, girl! I asked, do you want to?”

It took an agonized moment, but then Zephyr said, in a small but clear voice, “No.”

“What do you want to do?”

“I wanna hold it.”

“Then you will!” Amanda said, commandingly.

And Zephyr held. Somehow she found the last strength, the last reserve, the last willpower left in her, and she bore down. Amanda fell silent, holding the smaller girl in a gentle embrace.

After a moment, Zephyr said, “Amanda?”

“Yeah, hon?”

“I wanna pee now.”

“Do you gotta pee now?”

“No. I can hold it. But I wanna do it now.”

Amanda laughed. “Oh, girl, you got this! You really do! I can hear it in your voice. Ain’t nothing gonna stop you now. You can hold and hold and hold, because you conquered your body—it’s all in the mind, now.”

“So I can pee?”

“It’s your decision, sweetie. I’m just here to help.”

Zephyr let go—with her muscles and hands. Nothing came out.

“Amanda…”

“I’m here.”

“I know. I can’t let go. I wanna let go, but I can’t.”

“Well, you could use this as more practice.”

“Okay.”

But a moment later, Zephyr said, “Okay, now it just hurts.”

“You want my help peeing?” Amanda said.

“Yes please.”

“You got it.”

Even as desperate as she was, Zephyr had to giggle. “First you help me hold, then you help me pee…”

“Whatever you want, girl, I’m just helping you get there. Okay, let me try this. We’re gonna do the ol’ running water trick.”

“We’re going to the bathroom?”

“We’re really not.” Amanda pushed her shorts off her hips and let them fall. A moment later her panties followed. Then, naked from the waist down, she hugged Zephyr again, still from behind. And then she was peeing.

“Listen to that,” she whispered in Zephyr’s ear. Her stream was hissy, and spattery where it hit the rug-and-rubber of the bath mat beneath their feet. “Listen to that and then just let it go. Let it go with the flow.”

“I can’t…”

Without warning, Amanda slid her joined hands right over the small bulge that marked Zephyr’s bladder, and pushed—not a sharp shove, but firm and steady and irresistible. Zeph gasped. Her body and mind fought for control of her muscles for a second—and then the laws of fluid dynamics won out. Her pee could not be compressed, but her bladder could be, and so the pee had to leave…

“Ahhhhhhhhhhh…”

“Yeah, I’ll bet it feels good!” Amanda said. “You just let it out, let it all out. Feel that pleasure.”

Zephyr’s stream was more powerful than Amanda’s. It shot out from her pussy at a bit of an angle, not straight down, and sprayed across the floor.

“I’m wetting the floor…”

“Don’t worry about that. We’ve got towels. Just let it out, let it all out. You did it, girl. You held exactly as long as you wanted to hold.”

Waves of pleasure, waves of relief, waves of triumph: all flowed through Zephyr’s body. And suddenly she was desperate for something else. She turned in Amanda’s arms. Both of them were still peeing, though Zephyr’s pee was slackening off. Their legs were covered in droplets and rivulets from each other, totally mingled. Zephyr found Amanda’s mouth and kissed her, hungrily.

“So I’m guessin’,” Amanda said after the kiss broke, “that now you wanna break in some of the toys.”

Amanda had a whole array of vibrators. They’d tested a few out, over Zephyr’s panties, just to explore which ones felt nicest, but never used one to bring her to climax.

“Which one would you—”

“Don’t care,” Zeph gasped. “I need it so bad…”

“Towel first.”

“I’ll clean up the puddle later.”

“No, for the bed, so we can sit down on it.”

“Hurry,” Zephyr begged, her hands going to crotch—and not to hold back any pee.

“Wow, sweetie, you really do want it! Here, get on the bed and let me…”

Zephyr sat down on the towel and leaned back on her elbows as Amanda slid the vibe into place. It took a remarkably short time, just a few minutes, and then Zephyr exploded all over again. The intense pleasure and pressure of the hold, plus a full month of sexual tension—the vibrator was just the key to the floodgates. Under Amanda’s hand, the gates flew open.

“Well now,” Amanda said as they cleaned up. “Should we add that vibe to the usual aftercare?” (Usually after Zephyr peed out her practice, they cuddled up, in a friendly way.)

“Maybe,” Zephyr said. She had a dreamy look on her face… but she wasn’t looking at Amanda.

“Next time you take Ashley on, you’ll do great,” Amanda said, seeing this.

“Oh!” Zephyr suddenly realized how obvious, and how ungrateful, she’d been acting. “I’m so so sorry. Do you want a turn with the vibrator?”

“I’ll take my turn soon enough,” Amanda said, “but not with you. I don’t usually get my rocks off with you gals. I’m a soloist at heart.”

“I’m still sorry. I feel like I should give back…”

“You’ve given me plenty. The look on your face when you came? The sound of your voice when you said you could hold it, when you were right on the edge? That’ll do it for me.”

“Thank you, Amanda. Thank you so much.”

“You’re welcome. And here’s something else for you.”

“What?”

“My green light. You’ve been so good through this whole training. No anger, lots of patience—I think you’ll fit in ΠΣΣ House just fine. Oh, and one other thing. I don’t tell this to everyone… but if you like, call me Mandy. All my sisters do.”

###

Next up: "A Quiet Night."

*019*2019-09-07 04:55

Three "seasons", you mean? (There were more than three stories in Meagan & Parker's Thanksgiving chapter alone...) I was planning on that, yes, but the plot isn't totally clear in my head yet. And yes, a plot is starting to form, despite my best efforts...

I've started the next two stories, but as the next one involves wetting by popular request, I'm having to figure out how to write that. The one after should be interesting, I hope -- a different perspective.

*021*2019-09-11 03:54

Well, folks, here's the next installment. I'll confess I'm not as proud of this one... it might be a good candidate for a re-write later, with someone more into wetting. But it does have wetting, as I promised!

###

A Quiet Night

Zephyr wanted to play. She wanted to play so badly that she was already holding in anticipation—nearly to a five—and was enjoying the fullness her body was now closely associating with sex. Specifically Zephyr wanted a rematch with Ashley. Their last holding contest had been much, much closer, and the kiss Ash had given her afterward hadn’t been on the cheek, not this time. But Ash had still won, and their crush remained unfulfilled. At least not the way Zeph wanted it fulfilled.

Ashley, however, was out playing ball. Bella was out dancing. Amanda was working in the Study, and so there would be no practice with her. Besides, Zephyr was a little bored with their sessions. Amanda was so nice, and such a good coach, but Zeph didn’t really want to go to bed with her.

Kelly? She wasn’t Ashley, but it would be fun to spend the night up in Kelly’s room again. Or maybe Sophie? Sophie was wearing a cute little skirt, and honestly, wasn’t it high time that Zeph got to know her better? If only the girl wasn’t so shy…

“Anyone want to play tonight?” Zephyr asked the dinner table. She looked at Sophie, who blushed and looked down—and then looked back, smiling shyly.

“I’m down,” Kelly said.

“Oh, Kelly,” Sophie said, “I was hoping we could play, just us two. It’s been a while.”

“Sure,” Kelly said. “But just us?”

“Mmhmm. Like old times.”

“We can do that,” Kelly said.

Zephyr sat back, frustrated. But then the fourth person at the table spoke up. “I could play,” Kari said.

Zephyr looked over at the other girl. She didn’t know Kari well at all. “Sure, why not?”

After dinner was over and the washing up was done, Sophie and Kelly headed upstairs. Kari, however, simply refilled her glass of water and sat down on the couch, phone in hand. Zephyr sat down at the other end.“So how are we gonna play?” Zeph asked, after a few moments of silence.

“I’m a holder,” Kari said. “That’s about it, really.”

“I know you don’t do touching…”

“Well, not a lot, no.”

“Honestly, I don’t know how you do it. I really crave contact.”

“Each to their own, really.” Kari shrugged. “I’ve never liked being touched much.”

“Is it some trauma thing?”

“Nope! I just don’t like it. Simple as that.”

“I hope you don’t mind my asking…”

“Well, I get that question a lot, I guess I’m used to it.”

“And you’re ace, too, right? Is that connected?”

“You’re full of questions tonight.”

“I’m sorry.”

“You don’t need to be. I’ll let you know if a question goes too far.”

“I don’t want to invade your privacy…”

Kari rolled her eyes. “You’re gay, we’re both girls, and we share a room. If you haven’t checked me out, I don’t know what you’re waiting for. But more than that, we’re all united by a love of repressing a basic bodily function. If I were worried about privacy, would I live here?”

“Fair enough. But actually I don’t check you out.”

“Really?”

“Well, I thought if you’re asexual you wouldn’t like that.”

“Asexuality isn’t just a hatred of all sex, you know.”

“Well—no, I don’t know.”

“For one thing, it’s a huge range. There are asexuals who have sex. Usually because they like making their partners feel good, but sometimes they have more personal reasons. Others find the whole thing just unbearably icky. All those bodily fluids! Obviously that’s not really my problem, considering what we’re about to do… No, for me, since I don’t like most touching, asexuality really means no sex. And for the record I don’t think the two are connected, but they might be. Or they’re distinct, but they feed into each other. Something like that.”

“Have you ever…?”

“Ever what?”

“Tried sex?”

“ ‘Tried’? I tried kissing once. It wasn’t for me. And usually, the one preceeds the other.” She sighed. “Just as sex usually follows love. Hard to find a person who wants just the love.”

“You’re not aromantic, then?”

“Ooooh, look at you with the vocabulary!”

“Well, I’ve heard all these words, I don’t always know what they mean.”

“Still, you definitely just earned some points for knowing the difference. No, I’m not aromantic… but I haven’t found anyone else in the ace community I really click with, and I haven’t found anyone who’s able to divide their love from their lust, either. I could totally date someone who was getting their rocks off some other way. But that could get messy and unstable, and besides, I haven’t found the right person anyway.” Kari shrugged. “It’s one of the reasons I live here, though. I may be alone, but I’m not lonely. And if I’m ever going to find someone who really could get their sex somewhere separate from their love, living in a house where everyone else is screwing each other b—I mean, senseless—is a decent method.”

“Wow,” Zephyr said. “I hope you do find someone.”

“Thank you. And of course if I find someone here, they’ll certainly understand about the pee thing.”

“Yeah, so how does holding work for you, if you’re ace?”

“Well, it’s got more to do with the no-touch side than the ace side. Some asexual folks masturbate, after all. I’ve tried masturbation, and I have tried orgasms, and goodness, it’s just a lot of work for not a lot of payoff. My body is really finnicky and takes a lot of careful work to get there. I really need to be in the right mood. Not for every week, or even every month—it’s just such a project.”

“Interesting. So the holding…?”

“The holding isn’t so much fun. It’s the hard annoying part before the fun part. No, the fun part for me is the letting go.”

“Oh, yeah. That part’s so nice.”

“Mmhmm. A lot of times the others say it’s like a little orgasm all by itself, right? Well, since I have a hard time getting the regular kind of orgasms, holding a really long time and then letting go is my orgasm. At least the easiest kind.”

“But you don’t like holding?”

“I’ve gotten used to it and I’ve gotten good at it, but it’s just buildup, that’s all. The longer the wait, the bigger and better the release, so it’s worthwhile.”

“So you just wait and wait and then decide to let go?”

“Sometimes. But really, these days, the best is when I don’t decide—when I just start peeing whether I like it or not, wherever I am.”

Zephyr raised her eyebrows. “Wouldn’t you pee your pants sometimes?”

“A lot of times! And why not? I just throw the pants in the wash afterwards. It’s a small price to pay for getting the real deal. Think about it: if I peed my pants, then I really couldn’t hold it any more, could I?”

“I guess so.”

“But it’s fun to do it naked sometimes, too. And sometimes I actually do make it to the toilet or somewhere.”

“Do you want me to pee my pants too?”

“Do you want to? You do you, girl.”

“I’d feel like I was three years old again.”

Kari shrugged. “Well, when I wet, I know for a fact I couldn’t have held it any longer. And that makes the actual peeing feel all the better.”

“I guess when you look at it that way…”

“Oh, and another thing—I’m not Ashley. If there’s any competition, it’s with myself.”

“So what would you like me to do?”

Kari shrugged. “Really, let’s just hang out. Hold it until we can’t hold it any more.”

“And then pee in our pants?”

“That’s my plan.”

What the hell. She’s right, we’re all weird enough as is… what’s one more thing? “I’ll try it.”

“You’re sure?”

“Yeah. I wanna give it a try before I knock it any more.”

“That’s cool of you, Zeph,” Kari said.

“How full are you?”

“Oh, probably a five…”

“I’m getting close to six.”

“Mmkay!” And with that, Kari went back to her phone.

“Um—”

“Yeah?”

“I’ve never wet myself on purpose before. Or—you know what I mean. Never put myself in a position to do it.”

“It’s totally an ‘accidentally on purpose’ situation.”

“Yeah. Anyway. What I mean is… any advice?”

“Oh, yeah, right. Are you okay with peeing those particular shorts and panties? ‘Cause if they’re special, maybe you wanna change. I’ve wet these jeans before, it’s no big deal for me.”

“No, these aren’t particularly nice.”

“That should do you, then. Now it’s just a matter of time.”

Before much longer, Zeph found that she was bored. Fighting to control her own bladder was one thing, but there didn’t seem to be anything else; Kari was a fairly subtle holder. Eventually Zephyr broke down and asked for an update.

“I’m at six or seven now,” Kari said.

“Um, could you… you know… describe it?”

“Oh, gosh, I’ve never been much good at that.”

“Well, it’s just I’m not really seeing you do anything.”

“Why would you need to? I’ve told you where I’m at.”

“Uh…”

Kari grinned wickedly. “You want something to turn you on, don’t you? After all that talk about not wanting to sexualize the asexual girl…”

Zephyr flushed beet red. “I guess I do. I’m sorry.”

“I don’t mind you getting turned on, I just don’t know how to do it! I’d describe it but, really, it’s all pretty humdrum: I’ve really gotta go. Pressure building. Getting intense. But I can hold it. What else do you need? ‘Cause that may be all I got.”

“It’ll do,” Zeph said. As blunt and unsexy as the words had been, she had indeed been a little turned on by them.

As the evening wore on, Zephyr began to regret accepting playing with Kari at all. It was just boring: the girl seemed entirely untroubled by her filling bladder, and didn’t even seem particularly interested in talking. All she was doing was staring at her phone. Even her breathing seemed untroubled. And of course there would be no sex…

Then Kari took a long, shuddering gasp, and grabbed her crotch. She gingerly got herself up off the couch, and walked—no, hobbled, over to the kitchen area.

“Wow,” Zeph said, getting up and following her. “Did you just feel it all of a sudden?” The sudden motion certainly got to her bladder. She crossed her legs.

“No,” Kari said, her voice tight. “I’ve been feeling it this whole time. But the best way to hold it is to take your mind off it. To just stay super chill. I can do that—up to a point. And I just hit that point.”

“Really? That’s the best way?”

“What, you never saw that episode of Mythbusters?”

“Uh—maybe not.”

“And you’re a bi girl who loves holding it? For shame. Total red light. You can’t be a ΠΣΣ House sister until you’ve watched Kari Bryon doing a pee dance. Anyway, they showed that the best approach was to be as laid-back as possible. Practically Zen meditation.” Kari shut her eyes for a moment. “I am so not feeling Zen any more.”

“Where are you at?”

“Oh, absolutely a nine.”

“Eight for me,” Zephyr said. “I never would have thought of being really calm and still as a holding technique.”

“That’s because it’s not about the holding for you,” Kari said. She bent forward with her hand still rammed between her legs. “It’s about the sex. You need to be aroused in a lot of ways. And it’s a performance. You’ve gotta dance because you want an audience.”

“That’s definitely true,” Zephyr admitted. “At least for me. But if the Zen master approach is the best—”

“—Then why aren’t I using it? Because I hit a wall. Eventually my bladder is screaming at me so loud, all my rational thinking breaks down and I act like I’m a desperate four-year-old all over again.” Kari straightened up, only to cross her legs and bend forward again. And then she grunted. You couldn’t describe it as a groan or a moan or anything even remotely sexual. But it was still amazing to hear. It was the grunt of a girl right on the edge, and fighting back with every scrap of muscle she had.

Zephyr had to admit, it was kind of exciting seeing Kari that frantic. But she also had to admit that the other girl had a point. For her it really was about the sex. She couldn’t help but wish that Kari was a little bustier, or wearing a looser shirt so Zephyr could see the boobs. She couldn’t help but wish that she could fold Kari in her arms. And, frankly, she couldn’t help but wish that Kari were Ashley. Or Kelly. Or Bella. Or Sophie. Anyone who would be interested in Zephyr’s tongue shortly after peeing (or shortly before!). Anyone who’d be intrigued if Zeph took off her shirt.

Kari grunted again. And again. Her eyes were squeezed shut, her face was a grimace, her legs were a tangled knot. “Not much longer,” she managed to gasp out.

Zephyr took stock of her own body. She still needed her legs crossed, but apparently her training with Amanda had really paid off: she was still at an eight and not too worried. It wouldn’t be long now before she needed to concentrate further, but for now she could watch Kari.

Sexual or not, it was still an impressive struggle… but, inevitably, Kari lost.

The girl was rocking at this point, bent entirely over. There was a sudden hiss—pinched off a second later. Then another. Kari turned away from Zephyr—probably unintentionally, she was grabbing for the countertop with her free hand—which presented her denim-clad ass to Zephyr’s eyes. A dark patch formed. With each short, sharp hiss, the patch grew. It almost seemed to have a pulse. Then the floodgates opened.

Kari moaned. This time it did sound sexual. Pleasurable, anyway. Intensely pleasurable. It was a sound Zephyr had only heard from the depths of sex, the peaks of climax. Now it was none of those things, just pure endorphin-induced bliss. She kept moaning as she slowly drained her bladder into her pants. Even on full flood, it took her a long time to empty out. But then, she’d been holding a lot. The legs of her jeans looked as if they’d been hit by a firehose, and she wasn’t even done.

The sight, and especially the sound, of Kari’s pee triggered a surge of desperation in Zephyr’s own bladder. With it came a thought: Do it now, while she’s not looking. Otherwise you may never be able to get started. And you need Kari’s green light…

She tried. She certainly tried. But she couldn’t get herself started, even with Kari’s flash flood still going on just a few feet away. Her inhibitions were just too strong… for now, at least.

“Ahhhhhh…” Kari said. She slowly straightened up and leaned back against the countertop. “That was worth waiting for. That moment of finally letting go.” She glanced over at Zephyr. Her look could easily have been mistaken for sexual, even a come-hither, but Zeph knew better. “How are you?” Kari asked.

“Eight or nine,” Zeph said, “but—I couldn’t pee.”

“You tried?”

“Uh—yeah.”

“Well, no wonder. I can never wet my pants deliberately, only by pure accident. Pure loss of control. I don’t know how the professionals manage it. I would say just wait until your bladder takes over.”

“I dunno. With you watching… I haven’t really been able to let go on my own, not with other people around…”

“Then why be around me?” Kari asked. “I enjoyed the conversation, but as far as I’m concerned, I got what I came for here. Do whatever suits you.”

“Uh—then I think I’ll go up to the bathroom…”

“Okay! Have fun. I’ve got to clean up my puddle. Oh, and Zephyr?”

“Yeah?”

“You got my green light. You got it as soon as you said ‘aromantic.’”

“So I don’t actually have to watch Kari Bryon doing a pee dance?”

“Oh, you totally have to. But not for my vote.”

Zephyr grinned. “Thanks!” And she ran upstairs.

Safe in the bathroom, she unbuttoned her shorts out of pure habit—and hesitated. She didn’t have to wet herself. Kari almost certainly didn’t care one way or the other. But Zeph had said she’d try it. So she really should.

She compromised. The shorts came off, as did everything above her waist, but the panties stayed on. She stepped into the shower. After a few moments, she turned the water on. She imagined she was at the beach, washing off the lake water, wearing her bikini…

With that picture in her mind, it was easy. And it was a relief.

As she stood under the showerhead, however, with pee flowing down her legs, she knew instantly that wetting was not for her. It didn’t feel bad at all. But Kari had been right: for Zeph, the holding and desperation and peeing were about sex. She had needed to get nearly naked, because for her, getting naked and showing off her body was a big piece of the fun. And you couldn’t really be naked and wet at the same time.

What she really needed was to be able to show off her peeing for someone, too.
