The Surrogate Baby - Page 2

Author: writeandleft

*025*2013-07-02 02:03

CHAPTER SIXTEEN: MOMMY’S ILLNESS

In the weeks since Jeff and Violet’s weekend away, I had started to let Violet baby me even more. She still bathed me and put me to bed, but I stopped complaining before needing to poop and just kind of pushed it out wherever I was. It was gross, but then again, I was getting used to it, just like I was getting used to peeing. I wondered if pooping would ever stop feeling gross to me. Sitting in a wet diaper actually started to feel good. However, I wanted out of a poopy diaper immediately.

I woke up wet for the second day in a row. The first morning, I thought it was just a fluke, but now I was worried. “Mommy,” I said into the baby monitor. “I’m wet.”

Violet came to change me, but I still felt worried. What if this was a continual thing? Still, I forgot about the bedwetting when I found out what Violet had in store for me. We were visiting the Luther’s.

Mrs. Luther was always kind to me, but I knew I would once again have to face Lillie. I hadn’t seen her since she had babysat three and a half weeks before and today I knew I would have to face her again. I had no idea what horrors I would have to face with her.

Violet dressed me in my green corduroy short-alls and I frowned. “I’m not going to the Luther’s like this, Violet,” I said.

“You are wearing what I dress you in.” She closed the latches on the bib of the overalls. They were the same type of latches that thwarted my attempt to poop in the potty at Violet’s editor’s office.

“But this is the most babyish outfit I have,” I said.

Violet gave me a stern look. “And you are my baby, Beth.” She led me down the stairs.

“Please don’t make me go to the Luther’s like this, Mommy,” I begged.

“We are going to have breakfast before we go anyway,” said Violet. “Do you want canned peas or canned carrots?”

There was a mirror over the couch and as we walked down the stairs I saw myself in it. I looked less like a twenty-two-year-old and more like an eleven-year-old. It was awful. Complaining would do no good. Whenever I complained, I got fed baby food instead of adult food.

I fake smiled and looked in the mirror. “Actually, I was mistaken about the outfit being too babyish for me. Nothing is too babyish since I rely on my mommy to dress me and even change my diaper.” I looked pleadingly into her eyes. “Will you give me something yummy to eat for breakfast?”

Violet gave no indication that she knew I was faking, but she smiled. “I suppose we can have some breakfast tacos.”

“Thank you, Mommy,” I said. I picked up my book off the coffee table and followed Violet into the kitchen where I sat at the table.

Violet went to the refrigerator and took out some bacon and eggs and started to cook them on the stove. She even warmed up the tortillas on the stove instead of merely microwaving them. I just read my book, while the meal was being cooked.

I got through half a scene about how a character named Miri had been caught stowing away on a starship. She was just about to be led to the captain when Violet interrupted my reading. I bookmarked my book and saw that Violet had put a plate in front of me with two breakfast tacos on it.

“It’s time to eat,” said Violet. She sat across from me with a similarly loaded plate. The only difference was that she had a glass of orange juice and I had a sippy cup.

We prayed and then I took a bite of my breakfast taco. It was pretty good cooking. Even though Jeff and Violet were upper middle class and they ate out often, Violet had a few good recipes.

“So will you be able to get along with Lillie today?” she asked.

I rolled my eyes, but at the stern look from Violet I nodded.

“I know she embarrassed you at the mall and she wasn’t as responsible as I had hoped. However, it will break your cover if I punish her because of that because you really couldn’t have told on her.”

I took another bite, swallowed, and then stared. “I don’t like her,” I said.

“It will just be for the morning.”

“I guess I can deal with it this morning, Mommy, but I can’t handle being babysat by her.” I took a sip from my sippy cup.

We ate. Violet smiled at me between bites, until we finished. I sipped down the rest of my orange juice and looked at Violet. A sippy cup did not hold enough for an adult. “May I have some more juice?”

Violet smiled. “I have something else in mind.” She cleared the table including my sippy cup and put everything in the dishwasher. She then took some apple juice from the refrigerator and poured it into a bottle. She then took me by the hand to the living room.

We sat together on the couch and I lay with my head in her lap and was fed my bottle. The apple juice was nice and cool and I greedily drank it up. I was so thirsty for some reason and Violet was gentle. She was singing softly to me as I suckled on my bottle.

Suddenly Violet sat up straight. She lifted me off her lap and stood up and ran toward the downstairs bathroom. I put my bottle on the coffee table and followed her. I didn’t ever use the downstairs bathroom. In fact, it was off limits to me, but I followed Violet in anyway. She was in distress when she hurried to the bathroom and I was worried.

I found her on her knees in front of the toilet puking her guts out. Her face was red. I knelt beside her and rubbed her back until she seemed to get control of herself.

“Are you all right?” I asked when she had changed positions to sit on the floor instead of kneel over the toilet.

“I’m fine now. I was really nauseous,” she said.

“Do you want to stay home instead of going to the Luther’s?” I asked. I am afraid that I asked the question too eagerly.

“No, we are not missing the meeting,” she said. She stood up and washed her face and then took me by the hand to the car. We stopped by the living room long enough for me to pick up my book and Violet to pick up my diaper bag and my bottle, then we were out the door.

The car trip to the Luther’s was uneventful except for Violet making sure I was drinking my bottle. By the time we arrived at the Luther’s I had finished the bottle and was already feeling the need to pee.

“Violet,” said Mr’s Luther as she met us at the door, “how was the trip?”

“It was very enjoyable,” answered Violet.

“And Beth,” she said, “I hope you are doing well. Your friend Lillie is in the bedroom. Do you remember her? I bet you will be glad to see her.”

I fake smiled. I surely remembered Lillie and her treatment of me and I was certainly not happy about having to spend the morning with her.

I followed Violet into the house and we walked into the living room where all the ladies were meeting. I looked at the clock. It was still stopped. I frowned. I hated the fact that the clock wasn’t wound. Today would be the day I would fix it.

Instead, Lillie appeared in the living room and took my hand. “Oh, Beth,” she said. “I’ll entertain you in the bedroom so you don’t get bored and bother the ladies during their meeting.” She pulled me toward the hallway, but first paused to grab my diaper bag.

As soon as we were in the bedroom, she unbuttoned my jeans and thrust her hand down the front of my diaper. “Still dry,” she said. She buttoned me back up. “I’ll change you if you wet,” she said, “but I’ll be checking on you. Violet said I let you get a rash, but she had done the same.”

I turned and sat on the bed. There were no toys, but Lillie reached into her bag and pulled out a stuffed animal, or rather just the head of a stuffed animal. It was a red bird. I looked at it again. The bird head had wings on the side of its head.

“Caw caw,” she said and tossed the bird at me.

I caught it and held the thing. I wondered who would make a stuffed bird head. A phone rang in Lillie’s bag and she reached in and pulled out her phone before answering it. “Hi, Brian,” she said.

I rolled my eyes.

“I’m just babysitting Beth.” She paused while listening to the response. “Yes, she is the one.”

I was starting to get mad. She took every opportunity to talk about me. However she changed the subject and talked about annoying teenage things with Brian. I was bored.

I saw Lillie’s bag and wondered it that Hunger Games book was inside it. She had dumped out my diaper bag and gone through it when I was in this room with her last. I dumped her backpack out on the bed. The effect was surprising. The Hunger Games book did tumble out of the bag along with a pair of khaki shorts and a camisole, a box of Girl Scout cookies, and two of those purple diapers.

“I got to go,” said Lillie and then hung up the phone. She grabbed the diapers from me and then shoved them in her bag. “Beth, don’t go through my stuff.” She then gathered the clothes and cookies.

I wondered why she had the diapers. It had been weeks since she babysat me. Her face had turned red when she saw the diapers. They embarrassed her. I thought back to how so many of those purple diapers had been wet. I did not remember wearing that many. Was it possible that Lillie needed diapers? No. The very thought was absurd. I pushed the book at her.

“Oh,” she said. “You want a story?” She picked up the book and started reading it. I just curled up beside her and closed my eyes and listened to the story. She didn’t read the whole story, but she did read almost the whole time. At least there were no vampires.

About midway through my time at the Luther’s, we were called in for refreshments. I sat at the table.

“Beth, would you like some juice?” asked Mrs. Luther.

Violet smiled. “She can have juice.”

Lillie held a cup and Mrs. Luther poured juice in it. Lillie then put the cup in front of me. “Now don’t spill,” she said. “I’ll get you a cookie.”

I took a sip of my juice and then realized that I had to pee. I relaxed and wet my diaper. The wetness felt so warm. I was started to like the feeling of a warm diaper. I wondered what was wrong with me.

Lillie brought me the cookie. I was not a child, yet she had only brought me one cookie. I ate it and then drank the juice. When I finished, Lillie smiled at me.

“All done,” she asked. She pulled me by the hand out of my seat and I followed after her back toward the bedroom. On the way back, Violet hurried past us to the bathroom. I didn’t get to see why she was in such a hurry because Lillie pulled me into the bedroom.

When we were alone, she shoved her hand in my diaper. “You are really wet,” she said. She laid me on the bed. “Let’s get you changed.”

I lay back as she undid the latches to my shortalls and pulled them off of me. I was just in my diaper and t-shirt and when she undid my diaper. I was really wet and really needed the change.

Before she could get me wiped clean and put in a clean diaper, Violet came in. She looked a bit pale. “Lillie, finish changing Beth. We are going to leave a bit early.” I looked at Violet and wished she would finish changing me. However, that wasn’t going to happen. She just sat in a chair by the door.

“No, Lillie. You don’t have to rub the Desitin in that much,” said Violet. “You can just brush it on with a baby wipe. It’s really sticky stuff.”

Lillie frowned. “I wondered why it stuck to my hands so badly.” She took the wipe and brushed it on me which was a bit more comfortable than her rubbing it on my privates with her fingers. Soon I was changed and we walked out toward the car.

“I hope you feel better soon, Violet,” said Mrs. Luther.

“I was just a little nauseous,” she said. She took my hand. “Let’s go home, Beth.”

When we got to the car, I looked at Violet. “You don’t look so good. Are you sure you are okay to drive? I can drive.”

“I was just a little nauseous. I’ll be fine if we go straight home. Besides, you don’t have your license or any ID whatsoever.”

That panicked me. “I have no ID of any kind? I left that stuff behind at Peter’s house. What am I going to do?” How would I get a job or anything if I didn’t have that kind of paperwork? I didn’t think I would be staying with Jeff and Violet forever.

“You’re my baby and you don’t need all that grown up stuff. Relax. Besides, your probation officer brought all that stuff to us soon after you first moved in with Jeff and me.” She patted me on the leg. “Now let’s get home and we can take naps.”

We drove home. I didn’t care for the idea of a nap since I didn’t really do anything except wet my diaper, read, and watch TV. I did sleep whenever I was tired, which was rarely, because Violet put me to bed early every night. However, we walked in the front door, and she led me straight to my crib.

“I’m going to take a nap so I will feel better,” she said and walked out of my room.

###

I woke up from Jeff shaking me. “Wake up. Violet overslept and told me to get you up.”

I sat upright and my blanket shifted down, revealing that I was only wearing a slightly wet diaper. Jeff looked away.

“Can you please get me a t-shirt?” I asked. When I saw he was looking in the dirty clothes basket, I pointed toward the dresser. “The second drawer.”

He tossed me the first t-shirt he saw, the three Jacob moon shirt. I hated that shirt, but I pulled it on anyway. “I’m decent,” I said. At least my torso and diaper was covered by a clean t-shirt.

Jeff turned to me and the pulled down the side of my crib. I hopped out, but not without exposing the back of my diaper. “Do you need a change?” he asked me.

I didn’t know if I wanted him to change me. I hoped Violet would be able to change me. If she were ill though, maybe I could be an adult until she got better, unless Lillie were to come and take care of me. I hoped it didn’t come to that. “Umm,” I said.

“Violet is taking a shower. If you can wait that long, she can change you,” he said. “Otherwise...” He let that thought trail away.

“I can wait,” I said. “I’m just wet.”

“Good,” he said. “Changing an adult is a bit too personal for me.”

He opened the dresser and found a pair of shorts and handed them to me. I stepped into them and buttoned them on. I had a little bit of trouble with the zipper because I hadn’t dressed myself in so long, but I got finished dressing. We walked downstairs to the living room.

We watched TV a bit and he asked me about my reading during the commercials. I told him about the Hunger Games Lillie was reading to me.

“I heard about that series,” he said. “There is going to be a movie for that book.”

“Oh yeah. Do you suppose Violet could take me?”

He laughed. “You’ll have to ask her.”

By the time Violet came down, I was already nose deep in a book. I looked up as she crossed the room to take her spot in her chair.

“Feeling, better?” I asked.

“Much better,” she said.

“Will you change my diaper, Mommy,” I asked. “I’m very wet.”

Jeff looked at me a bit strange when he heard me call Violet Mommy. However, he just shrugged.

“Come on, baby,” she said. She led me back up to my room and pulled off my shorts and began to change me. As she worked, she talked to me.

“We both had big naps, didn’t we,” she said. “I’ve been a little bit tired the last few days and it really helps that you are being such a good girl for mommy.”

“No problem,” I said.

“Good,” she said. “Now let’s go back down and watch TV.”

I stood up and stepped into the shorts as she held them for me and buttoned them and then we returned downstairs.

###

After spending the evening with Jeff and Violet, I was put to bed. It was very hard to sleep since I had napped all afternoon. I tossed and turned until midnight and wet my diaper before I had even gotten to sleep. However, in my warm wet diaper I was able to get to sleep.

{{:

All in all this is one of the best stories i've read and i wish you would add more than just one chapter a day. On a side note, what's wrong with a college student watching Rugrats?

}}

If one had to choose between Rugrats and The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly, then there is something wrong with it. Besides, Beth likes to watch westerns on Sunday.

As for, posting more than a chapter a day, I am doing it to avoid merging posts, so it is easier to read if each chapter is on its own post.

*026*2013-07-02 18:36

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN: CHANGES AHEAD

My days consisted of waking up, wetting my diaper, having a bath, and then spending the day with Violet as she either wrote, visited her editor, or went to meetings at the Luthers. Some days we went shopping which meant getting publically dragged around in diapers and child-like clothing. For entertainment, I either watched TV or read the books in Jeff’s study. That is how my days normally went.

Today was not normal. A cramp woke me up and I noticed my diaper was already wet. I had been wetting my diaper in my sleep more often in the last couple weeks. I wasn’t quite sure if the cramp was from needing to poop or my period starting. It was probably both, which really meant nothing. Diapers ended my need to worry about that type of thing. Usually I didn’t need to poop first thing in the morning, but today I did. Also Violet had been suffering from nausea for the past couple days. With Violet sick, I was reluctant to greet Violet first thing in the morning with a messy diaper, so I held it in and waited for her.

She came in when she heard me stirring in the baby monitor. “How did my baby sleep?” she asked.

I smiled back at her. “Okay, Mommy,” I said. She helped me out of the crib and I stood there slightly bent over from the cramping. “Are you feeling better?”

Violet smiled. “I’m doing good,” she said.

We went to the bathroom and Violet began drawing the water for my bath. I finally relaxed and filled my diaper. I could feel that it was a lot.

She didn’t seem to notice that I was messy. She sat on the toilet and watched the water fill and I just stood there with a big bulge in my diaper. Suddenly she got up and turned around, dropped to her knees, and fumbled with the LidLok before throwing up. She then dry heaved a bit and then sighed.

“Wait here, Beth. I am going to call the doctor.”

I groaned. I wanted the dirty diaper off and I wanted my bath. I just stood there and waited until she came back. However, when she returned, I did not get my wish.

“Beth, the bath will have to wait. We got to be at the doctor’s in thirty minutes or he can’t fit me in for three more days.”

“Violet, I just pooped and I need a bath.”

“Mommy has been feeling nauseous for a few days. I need to see the doctor. Lay down on the towel and I’ll change you and then we need to hurry and get you dressed.”

I lay down and then Violet finally noticed what I did in my diaper. “Oh, let’s get you changed.” She quickly cleaned me and put the new diaper on me before dragging me to my nursery. She then threw some clothes on me: a pair of jeans and a pink t-shirt with the hearts on it. The jeans were tighter than I wished, but I was sure I was just paranoid about the diapers. Once dressed, she dragged me to the car, stopping only to grab my diaper bag.

The drive to the doctor’s took most of the remaining thirty minutes. We had just come inside when the doctor motioned Violet to come straight back to an examination room. I just sat in the lobby, bored because I forgot my book. Instead, I picked up a magazine that I remembered from my childhood.

I had loved Highlights as a child and loved to read it every time I had gone to the dentist or doctor’s offices. I must have lost concentration for a while trying to find twenty-five different things between two pictures, that I forgot about how smelly I felt. Violet does a good job at changing me, but I always want a bath after a messy diaper and I had been cheated of that. Anyway, before I knew it, Violet had come out of the examination room and even paid for her office visit.

“Did they find out what is wrong with you, mommy?” I asked. I said the mommy quietly so no one else would hear me calling her that.

“The doctor said nothing was wrong with me,” said Violet. She smiled at me.

“Something is wrong if you are throwing up every morning,” I said. “He had to say something more.”

“He did,” she admitted. She opened the car door for me and I sat down and let her do my seatbelt. “I got to tell my husband before I tell anyone else.” She came around to the front of the car. “What do you want for breakfast?”

“Breakfast tacos.”

Violet made a face and pulled into a Dairy Queen. She got me out of the car and we walked in. I scanned the menu for any breakfast items, but I didn’t really see anything.

Violet ordered for me. “I’ll have a blizzard, a misty, and a hotdog,” she said. She smiled. “And Beth will have a blizzard, a misty, and...”

“No hotdog,” I said. “Make my misty cherry and my blizzard mint chocolate chip,” I said.

The man made our food and we went to a table to eat it. Violet put the straw in my misty and pushed it to me. She had ordered larges. I knew right away that the 32 ounces of misty would make me wet and I worried that the blizzard would give me other problems. I have a low tolerance for dairy and ice cream makes the problem worse. Before I came to live with Jeff and Violet I used to make sure that I was near a bathroom whenever I had ice cream. Peter had been so grossed out, that I wasn’t ever allowed to have ice cream while living with him.

“So why ice cream for breakfast. You were always so strict about me eating ice cream for breakfast.”

“I wanted ice cream,” she said. “And I really got the craving for a misty.”

I sipped my cherry misty. As a teenager, I had worked at a Dairy Queen and knew how to make the misty stuff. I had poured 5 gallons of water and a 5 pound sack of sugar into the misty machine along with one packet of the DQ misty stuff. I wasn’t sure what was in the misty envelope, but I knew that it was pure sugar flavored with squirts of pure sugar. It sure was yummy though.

Before we left, Violet and I had each drunken a 32 oz misty and eaten a large blizzard. I felt slightly ill, but Violet had a smile on her face. The next stop was Walmart.

I hated Walmart. Walmart had long aisles and the bathroom was always hidden. When Peter had let me leave the house, it was only Walmart where we would go. I want to go shopping at the mall or at specialty stores. I did not want to buy dresses or blue jeans in the same place that sold fishing lures. However, this was the first time Violet had taken me to Walmart. She only went to the pharmacy and gave the pharmacist a prescription.

“That will be twenty minutes,” he said.

We sat on the little bench and waited. Twenty minutes was a long time and suddenly I had to pee. I tried to hold it because my jeans were a bit too tight and I knew the diaper would swell up. However, it just became too much and I started to pee full force into my diaper. It held it all, but I was sure I was going to pee all over the Walmart.

Finally Violet got her prescription and we left. I had to walk with a slight waddle but we made it to the car without incident. I couldn’t get home soon enough.

As soon as we got in the door I kicked off my shoes and undid my jeans and started getting undressed. I needed my bath.

“Beth, what are you doing?”

“I need a bath, mommy,” I said.

“Do me a favor and just go in and take a shower, please. I’ll bring you some clothes. I really have to pee.” She turned and went to the master bedroom.

I was shocked. I had never taken a bath or a shower by myself since I moved in with Jeff and Violet. I closed the bathroom door and pulled off my diaper. I was worried when I saw what was inside. I had drunken the bright red cherry misty and I noticed a lot of wetness in my diaper.

I turned on the water and got the water temperature right, and was just about to plug the drain, but then changed my mind. Instead I closed the shower curtain and took a long shower. I paid special attention to soaping my nether regions and then I found the baby shampoo on the side of the tub and used that to wash my hair.

Once clean, I toweled myself dry and then look on the counter. Violet had just left a stack of clothes on the sink. I walked up and looked through it. A different t-shirt and the jeans I had worn that morning were stacked neatly. However, on top of the stack was a pair of panties.

“Mommy,” I called into the hallway.

“Do you need something, Beth?” Violet asked me.

“I need a diaper,” I said. “You accidently put panties with my clothes.”

“I thought, I’d let you be a big girl today,” she said.

Violet was really serious. I was allowed to wear panties today.

I got dressed. I felt funny. There was no crinkle as I walked and I had to tug on the waistband of my pants ever few minutes as I walked around. I eventually settled on the couch and read my book as I waited for Jeff to come home. I wondered what the news for Jeff she got at the doctor’s office was going to be. It was serious enough that she didn’t have time to baby me, but she also indicated that nothing was wrong. I thought about the trip to the pharmacy and that confused me a lot. Doctors don’t give prescriptions when nothing is wrong.

I was so nervous about the news and I couldn’t wait until Jeff got home so she could tell me about it. I also had nervous urges to pee. It seemed like I couldn’t go half an hour without having to go to the bathroom to pee. I wasn’t going to make the mistake of forgetting I was not wearing diapers and wetting myself.

###

Jeff came in at about half past five. I was a mix between excitement and worry when I saw him. “Hi, Beth,” he said when he came into the living room.

“Hi, Jeff,” I said. “Violet needs to talk to you about something important. She won’t tell me what it is, so it must not really be any of my business, but I am worried about it just the same. She was acting weird all day since she came back from the doctor’s office.”

“Was her nausea continuing?”

I nodded.

He went into Violet’s office and shut the door. They spoke in low tones, so I couldn’t hear what they were talking about. Still, they seemed to be in there a long time. I tried to read my book, but I couldn’t concentrate on it. I just sat on the couch and tapped my foot nervously. Finally they came out.

Both Jeff and Violet were smiling. “Beth, do you want to go with us to Applebees?” asked Jeff. "We are celebrating.”

“Celebrating?” I asked.

“I’m having a baby,” said Violet.

It suddenly became clear to me why I was back in panties. Now I would be forced to be Violet’s maid and be subject to beatings if I failed to perform. I was no longer Violet’s baby. I smiled. “That’s wonderful, Violet.” I didn’t feel like smiling. I wondered what was in store for me.

###

Applebees was good. I had a nice meal and even had some drinks. We sat around the table and Jeff raised a glass to me. “Thanks for being part of our family the past few months, Beth,” he said. He smiled and lowered his voice. “I bet you are glad to be out of diapers now.”

I smiled back and took the last sip of my Dr Pepper. “Excuse me, I have to go to the restroom.” I got up and went to the bathroom.

I chose a stall and did my business and went to the sink and washed my hands. I had felt so embarrassed about the diapers and everything the last couple months and now, here I was with the ability to act like an adult. I quickly returned to our table and found that my drink was refilled. I sipped as Jeff and Violet talked among themselves.

“So have you given any thought to what you are going to do next?” asked Jeff.

I froze. What could I do? “I guess I am going to help Violet with housework while the she’s dealing with the baby and stuff. I mean since she doesn’t want me to be her baby anymore.”

I hoped I had given the right answer.

“We’ll talk about our options in the next couple of months,” said Violet.

I nodded. Things were changing and I didn’t know what was happening. I didn’t really like change.

“We don’t need to change anything right away, Beth,” said Jeff. “We’ll just move you to the guest room for now. We just need to discuss what to do when it is time for you to leave us.”

There it was. They were going to kick me out. I felt like crying. I wanted to respond, but my throat hurt and I knew if I said anything that I would start balling. When I lived with Peter, balling just got me a beating. I just stayed quiet until we left the restaurant.

The drive home was too much. As soon as I sat in the car I noticed I had to pee. I was about to wet myself. Twenty minutes later I felt a spurt in my panties.

Unfortunately by the time we arrived at the house, there was a wet spot the size of a saucer on my pants and I was about to lose it. We pulled in the driveway and almost as soon as the car stopped, I got out and headed for the house.

Jeff had his key out and I was crossing my legs. Suddenly my crotch went numb and I began wetting. The wet spot grew and lost its roundness as rivulets of pee ran down my legs into my shoes. Jeff looked at me with concern, but Violet just shrugged.

“Did you forget you weren’t in a diaper again?” asked Violet.

“No,” I said. “I just couldn’t hold it.” I started balling without even trying to stop. I knew I would be beaten anyway, so there was no point in controlling my emotions.

Jeff got the door open and Violet escorted me to the bathroom. I just stood there and she had to undress me. Besides, I knew everything would be a big mess. However, as soon as I was naked and in the bath, Violet left me to clean myself.

Once clean I just sat in the water until Violet came with my jammies. It was just my sleeper, but I wanted to wear it most of all. There was also a pair of panties on top of pile. I looked at Violet. “I need a diaper for bed tonight.”

“Beth, you don’t have to wear diapers anymore,” she said. “You can wear regular underwear. In fact I’ll take you to Vitoria’s Secret tomorrow and we’ll get you some nice bras and underpants.”

I shivered. I hoped she wouldn’t make me wear only underwear around the house like Peter had done. I had enjoyed the security of being a baby. Only a terrible person would hit a baby and no one had hit me during the time I spent diaper. I got dressed in my jammies and went down the stairs to join Jeff and Violet in the living room. I took my seat on the couch and hung my head.

“Are you all right, Beth?” he asked.

“I’m sorry I wet my pants,” I said. I waited for my punishment, but it never came.

“You probably just need to remember that you aren’t wearing diapers anymore,” he said.

“Yeah,” I muttered. I didn’t want to tell him about needing the toilet every half hour or waking up wet, so I was just quiet.

“So I heard you have two years of college,” he said. “You had pretty good grades before you dropped out too.”

“Yeah,” I said. “I was an engineering student.”

“You ever want to finish?” he asked.

“Someday,” I said. “I don’t know how I will ever get the money. I don’t exactly have an income right now and I still owe you guys all that money.”

“You’ve worked some of it off,” he said. “We’ll talk about that tomorrow. Why don’t you get some rest?”

I walked to my nursery, and put down the rail and started to crawl in for the night, when Violet came in. “Don’t sleep in here,” she said. She took me by the hand and led me to the guestroom. “You will sleep in here for now on.”

The guestroom looked a bit different. The big full bed sat in the corner of the room now, so I would be more comfortable. I got under the covers and rolled over to face Violet. “Thank you for letting me be your baby. I felt so loved.”

She bent down and kissed me on the forehead. “Jeff and I still love you very much. You were a very nice baby and helped me to heal and we got to find a way to thank you.” She turned out the light and left the room.

I tossed and turned a little trying to get comfortable and the bed crinkled a bit from the plastic mattress protector, but I finally got to sleep. Of course I woke up in the middle of a puddle wearing a wet sleeper.

*027*2013-07-03 12:26

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN: BEING AN ADULT

I’ve haven’t woken up wrapped in wet sheets for a long time. The last time, unfortunately, was when I first started college. In college a girl is allowed to experiment with grown up things and it was no different for me. After our first set of exams, Sylvia snuck some wine coolers into our dorm and the two of finished two six packs of them by ourselves. It was my first taste of alcohol and wine coolers are so nice and sugary that I just drank one after another until they were gone.

Waking up at three in the morning in college after wetting the bed was humiliating for me. Sylvia was nice about it, but she still teased me gently. Aside from that wetting, I think I wet my bed when I was in second grade once because I had soda before bed. I had gotten a spanking after that accident. So I had a good record when it came to bedwetting. However, wearing diapers allowed me to get lazy and I think I did something bad to myself.

I got out of bed and stood there looking at the puddle in the middle of the bed. I wore only my wet sleeper and the wet panties I had on underneath. I sighed. I started stripping the bed. I thanked God for small wonders that Violet had left the plastic sheet on the bed. I sopped up the puddle with the dry portions of the sheets and then threw the bundle in a pile on the floor. I looked down at the sleeper and then took it off and dropped it into the pile. I had no idea how I was going to hide this from Violet. I guess it would be my first job as Violet’s maid.

I picked up the bundle and opened my door. Violet was on the other side of the hall coming out of her room. “Beth, what are you doing?”

I froze as Violet closed the distance to me.

She looked past me to the bed and she probably couldn’t help but notice the wet sheets in my arms.

“Did you wet the bed?”

I nodded. “I couldn’t help it,” I said. “Don’t spank me.”

“Well, Beth,” she said. “Let’s not worry about the sheets right now. Instead let’s get dressed for the day.”

I was wearing only my peed in panties. I never would walk around in front of Sylvia like that. In front of Peter, I always wore a negligee or a teddy, but never just in a pair of panties, especially not a peed in pair. I let Violet take the sheets and throw them on back on the bed.

She led me to the bathroom. “Take a nice shower and I will get you some clothes. I did promise to take you to buy underwear.”

“Even though I wet the bed?” I asked. “I thought you would punish me.”

“Just get cleaned up. We’ll discuss the bedwetting later.”

I took a long shower and cleaned myself. I didn’t want the shower to end, because I dreaded the horrible punishment I would receive from Violet afterward. Finally, I couldn’t poke around in there any longer. I had already shaved my legs and underarms, washed and conditioned my hair, and scrubbed every inch of my body until it was pink. Finally I had to turn off the water.

My clothes were neatly laid out on the toilet. I dried off and then took the plain white panties and put them on. I then put on the Sponge Bob shirt and jeans she had laid out. There were no socks and no shoes, so I finally came out of the bathroom fully dressed.

“I’m ready to discuss the bedwetting,” I said. I was nervous, and held my hands together in front of me.

“We don’t have to talk about it immediately,” she said. “Let’s sit down in the living room and talk about it.”

I followed her down the stairs. My blanket with the toys on it was gone. They were probably put away, just like the LidLok on the toilet and the bath toys that had disappeared. We sat on the couch and she sat beside me.

“So what happened?” she asked.

“I’ve been waking up in a wet diaper the past couple weeks,” I said.

Violet got a sad look on her face and then looked at me. “Oh,” she said. “It’s probably my fault then. I’ve been babying you to make myself happy and I didn’t think of the physical consequences to you.”

“You mean that you aren’t going to punish me?” I was astonished.

“No, I am not. However, we still have to wash your wet things.” She looked me in the eyes and said, “Beth, do you mind terribly if we went back to diapers for the nighttime until you are able to make it through the night without wetting?”

I did feel safer in diapers and although I wanted my adulthood back, I couldn’t help feeling incomplete without the diapers. “Yes, mommy,” I said. “I am willing to wear diapers to bed again.”

She gave me a hug. “I’ll try to make it up to you the way I treated you.” She smiled. “Let’s get you some underwear. You really can’t survive on three pairs of panties.”

I did a mental inventory. There was the pair I wet last night outside the door, the pair I wet in bed, and the pair I had on now. That meant that I had no underwear left. I wondered if I wet now, I would be put back in diapers for the day.

“Let’s go then,” she said. She then looked down at my feet. “Oh. Shoes. Yours are still wet from the washing machine, so let me get you something else.” She left me and returned with a pair of flip-flops. They were pink and had pink sequins on the cloth part. She also brought my pink headband and put it in my hair.

“Your hair is starting to grow out a bit more. It’s not enough to make pigtails, but it is growing longer.” It was true. I had about four inches of hair and Violet had been trying to comb it into as girly style as she could. It still went all over the place and those headbands we bought on our first shopping excursion had come in handy. I slipped on the flip flops and we went to the mall.

###

The mall had the same few stores, but I didn’t care. It was the mall. It would be fun as long as I didn’t have to go to Hot Topic. However, as soon as we got to the mall, I announced that I had to pee.

'“Didn’t you just go at home?” asked Violet.

I had gone in the shower, but I didn’t want to tell Violet I had such a gross habit. “I did go at home, but I have to go again.”

“Okay, let’s go then.” She led me toward the bathrooms. Of course when we got there all the stalls were taken.

I put my hand in my crotch and rocked while I waited for another stall.

“Why are you so desperate?” she asked.

“I’m going to have an accident,” I said. Fortunately, someone came out of a stall and I managed to hobble in there and get my pants down. I was surprised that I had made it to the toilet.

Violet managed to get a stall next to mine and she did her business while I examined my panties. They weren’t wet, but it would have been a matter of seconds before I started flooding. I wondered what was going on. I didn’t really pee that much though.

I came out and washed my hands. Violet joined me. “I’m sorry for that childish display,” I said.

“Do you have trouble holding if for long?” asked Violet. Everytime she’d seen me, I had been either in diapers or on the verge of an accident.

“I used to be able to hold it an hour or two,” I said. “It seems like the last couple days I’ve had to go every half an hour. When I was in diapers I just relaxed when I got the slightest urge, so I didn’t bother trying to hold it.”

“It’s good I am letting you out of diapers now,” she said. “A few more months and you might have had to wear diapers permanently.”

“What do you mean?”

“Your bladder is just a little weaker now. That is probably why you are wetting the bed too. That’s why it is important for you to try to wear panties.”

We left and went to Victoria’s secret. Violet selected several things for me. It was more than just pushup bras and matching panties. She even bought me a pair of adult pajamas. I had a feeling that sleepers would be a thing of the past.

We finished shopping and we left the store with little pink striped bags. As we were walking through the mall, we came across a watch place. Violet stopped and we looked at watches for a few minutes.

“I’m getting you a watch,” she said.

“Okay.” I didn’t really have or wear a watch and I hadn’t since before college. In college I had a cell phone, so really didn’t need a watch and then Peter had told me I didn’t need a watch because there was a clock on the stove. As Violet’s baby, I didn’t have a watch because I really had no set schedule. I just did what Violet had me do.

She selected a digital watch and asked the guy at the watch counter about alarms and stuff. I didn’t really pay attention and I was disappointed by Violet’s suggestion.

However she had something in mind. We went to the food court and she let me select the place to eat. I looked around and saw the Hardees. I had loved the food there, but I shuddered at the thought of pooping in my panties. I knew I would be able to go to the bathroom, but I couldn’t shake the memories. Cold Stone was a no. I was on the toilet the whole afternoon from the ice cream and didn’t want to deal with that. McDonalds was a big no. I did not want another Happy Meal. That just left the Chinese place and Sbarro Pizza.

“Sbarros,” I said.

“That sounds like a plan,” said Violet.

We got our pizza and sat down at a table and Violet started playing with the settings on my new watch. I ate in silence, wondering what she had planned.

“I set your watch for every thirty minutes,” she said. “It should beep and then that should tell you when to go to the bathroom. We’ll make the time longer each time and find a happy medium between accidents and not building your bladder muscles.” She took my arm and slipped the watch on me.

“Okay,” I said. “What if it doesn’t beep when I am desperate or it beeps when we are in the car or something?”

“Beth, it’s not a perfect system, but you do need to be able to hold it longer again.”

“Okay,” I said. “I will try my best.”

“That’s all I ask.” We left the mall.

###

It was good to be home again. However, I felt miserable. I could only use the toilet when my watch beeped and that meant crossing my legs with desperation waiting until the next beep. It was awful.

However, Jeff came home. He looked at me and smiled. “We got a lot to talk about tonight.”

“Oh,” I asked. I knew he was going to talk to me about how they were kicking me out because Violet was going to have a real baby.

“We got to talk about what you want to do next,” he said. “Come in my office.”

I entered and then Violet came in and sat with us. Jeff pulled out a folder and spread some stuff out for me. It was a statement for my restitution payment plan and there was also a check laying there. I looked it over, but I wasn’t sure what I was looking at.

“You owed us 25 thousand,” he said. “However, you have been with us for about six months already and in that time you have earned money working for us.”

I wasn’t sure how much work I had done. I also wasn’t sure how six months could have gone by while I was just acting like a baby for Violet. “How much do I have left,” I asked. I wondered if I could get a job and make back enough to pay them the rest.

“Well, your insurance company settled and gave you a check for eleven thousand,” he said. “That’s unfortunately all you get from a totaled brand new car. I didn’t know your car was paid for until the insurance company sent you the money.” He tapped into the calculator. “At the rate of pay Violet and I set for you, you have paid us off. In fact you have 13 hundred left.”

“So what do you want me to do next?” I asked. I was free. I didn’t owe anyone anything, but I really had no place to go. I needed to be taken care of. I couldn’t get a real job.

“You can do whatever you wish now,” he said.

“We loved having you here, Beth,” said Violet.

I felt scared a bit and felt my pants suddenly get warm. I looked down and realized that I was peeing myself. Jeff and Violet both noticed right away. Violet got up and just walked out. Jeff looked at me with pity.

“I’m sorry,” I said. Just then my watch beeped.

“Don’t worry about it,” he said. “We will make it up to you.”

Just then Violet came back with a towel and had me stand up so she could wipe the puddle from my chair. I was about to go to the bathroom to clean up, but she put her hand on my shoulder. “This is important. We want to make sure you have a good start.”

I just sat in my wet pants as I was told what was expected of me.

Jeff ignored my wet crotch. “We think you ought to go back to school and finish your degree. You can stay with us until classes start in the fall and you can come stay with us for all your breaks.”

“Jeff and I will cosign for you on your student loans,” said Violet.

“Do you want me to go to college?” I asked.

“We want you to do whatever you want, but Violet and I wanted to give you that option.”

“Okay,” I said.

“Now let’s fill out these forms,” said Jeff.

###

Forms were filled out and soon I would be going to college. Violet helped me upstairs where I took a much needed bath. I put on a new pair of panties and my pink shorts and sat on the couch reading.

Jeff smiled at me. “Don’t worry. You have a few months to get your bladder under control. Violet told me you got a bit too used to having diapers and you need time to learn how to be without them.”

“Thanks,” I said. “I am really embarrassed about this.”

“Well, don’t let it bother you. You really helped Violet and we want the best for you. You are our daughter and we really care for you.”

“Thanks, Jeff,” I said. “I never felt so loved as when I was Violet’s baby.” My watch beeped and I excused myself to use the restroom.

When I returned, Violet came to me. “It’s late. Do you want to go to bed?”

I nodded.

“I get you a diaper and then you can put on your new pajamas.”

I looked at her confused for a second. “I don’t know how to put on a diaper. Will you please help me, Mommy.”

“Of course I will,” said Violet. She took me to my room and I sat on the bed. I got undressed and lay back as Violet powdered and diapered me. She helped me get my jammies on and then tucked me in bed.

“Thanks, Mommy,” I said.

“I love you. Have pleasant dreams.” She turned off the light and closed the door, leaving me alone.

I lay back once again comfortable in my warm diaper. I laid back dreading my potty training that would take place the next couple of month until college started again and then wondered if I could hold it long enough to sit through a college class. I hoped I could because I would finish this time. I would still miss being taken care of.

*028*2013-07-04 04:36

CHAPTER NINETEEN: POTTY TRAINING

Even though I had gotten to enjoy the baby treatment, it had still been humiliating to have to wear and mess diapers. When it started, I thought I would never be more humiliated. I never guessed that I would need potty training and how humiliating that would be.

My bladder was so weak, that I almost constantly had an urgent need to pee. It was awful. At Violet’s house, I could make it to the toilet almost every time, but now we had left for Violet’s editor.

“Be good while I have my meeting,” she said and left me in the waiting room. I groaned and then sat on the leather couch and began to read my book. Violet went into the editor’s office.

“May I get you some water?” the receptionist asked.

“Yes, please,” I said.

She gave me a bottled water and then I sipped on it as I read. Before I knew it, the water was gone. Since having my panties back, I had realized that drinking liquids makes it even harder to hold it and I probably should have passed on the water, but I hadn’t.

What made regaining bladder control difficult was that I felt I had to pee and then fifteen minutes later, I wet myself. If I did make it to the toilet, I would have another fifteen minutes before I started feeling the need to go, so I could only hold it thirty minutes on the day I first started potty training. I had to extend the time to two hours and I wasn’t making very good progress. I had only set the alarm on my watch to give me thirty-five minutes between bathroom trips.

I had to go badly by that time and I looked at the watch. I had two minutes left. I had to hold it longer and longer to strengthen my bladder or I would never regain any useful control. Some of the classes in college were an hour and a half and I couldn’t just slip out of a lecture two times to go pee. I needed to make progress, so I just suffered and crossed my legs and tried to read.

After the final two minutes ended, I heard a beep. I got up and walked to the bathroom, but it was hard. I was in a public place and didn’t want to hold myself, but my bladder was about to burst. Once in the ladies room, I put a hand between my legs and almost hobbled into a stall. Before I could even get my belt unbuckled, the dam broke and pee started flooding out.

I said earlier that I can’t stop peeing once I start and I peed until I was empty. In my pants. In public. It wouldn’t be so bad if it were not Violet’s editor’s office, but it was. I sat down on the toilet, with my pants still up, and cried. If Violet hadn’t gotten pregnant, I would be in a nice wet diaper and my pants would be dry. I couldn’t walk out like I was and I couldn’t change because my clothes were in the car.

I don’t know how long I sat in the stall before Violet came in. “Beth, are you in there,” she asked.

I stepped out of the stall and let her see my wet pants. “I didn’t make it,” I said. “I hated to do this at your work. I told you that you should have put me in a diaper before leaving the house.”

Violet looked at me. I was sure she was studying the pee stain that must have covered my butt and the insides of my legs. Diapers weren’t really that embarrassing. They are a whole lot less noticeable than wet pants. “That change of clothes in your diaper bag would have come in handy,” she said. She pointed to the puddle on the floor. “Wipe up the mess you made and then get undressed. I have an idea.” She then left me there.

I got some paper towels from the sink area and then soaked up the pee puddle and then threw the paper towels away. I then went back into the stall and peeled off my blue jeans and orange panties and then sat on the toilet and waited. I didn’t have to wait long before Violet came back. She carried a duffle bag. She opened the stall door and tossed me a few items. One was a blue skirt and when I went to pull it on, discovered that it had panties built into it almost like a cheerleader’s skirt. I pulled it on and then took off my shirt to pull on the white cammie. Both the skirt and the cammie were a couple sizes too large for me and I was worried about how short the skirt was and wondered if it was inappropriate attire for Violet’s office but it was better than peed in jeans. I folded my wet jeans and then rolled them up with the panties tucked in one of the pockets and then came out of the stall.

Violet was gone, but then she emerged from the next stall dressed similarly to myself. She took my wet bundle and stuffed it in the duffle and smiled at me. “Let’s go,” she said.

I followed her out the door and into the lobby. At the same time, I wondered why she had changed her clothes too. She hadn’t peed her pants.

“Oh, you changed,” said the receptionist. She smiled at Violet. “Are you finally going to start playing again?”

“Yep,” she said. “My niece finally noticed the tennis courts in the park and begged me to stop and let her play. She hasn’t been on the courts since before she broke her arms.”

I nodded.

“Well, have fun,” said the receptionist. “It’s too nice a day. I wish I could go out with you.”

“Bye,” said Violet.

I waved.

She led me out the door and to the parking lot. However, when we went to the car, she just went to the trunk and opened it to throw in the duffle bag. She then reached into the trunk and pulled out some tennis rackets. “Jeff won’t mind if you use his racket,” she said and handed me one. We then walked across the street to the park.

I hadn’t played tennis in awhile and I was concerned about playing with Violet since she was pregnant. However, she led me to the court and then smiled at me as we walked in.

“Are you sure you can play while pregnant?” I asked.

“It’s my first trimester. It will be okay.” She walked around the net. “Besides,” she told me, “the receptionist assumed we changed because we were playing tennis.”

I frowned. “As opposed to me wetting my pants.” I looked at Violet with a pleading look. “Will you please put me back in diapers when we get home?” I asked. “I hate this.”

“Do you want to wear diapers to college? I won’t be there to change you.” Violet stepped back and got ready to serve.

“No, I don’t want to wear diapers to college.” I said as I walked backward to a good position on the court. I held up my racket and waited for Violet’s serve.

In the end, Violet beat for two sets. We didn’t even bother playing the third. “You’re good,” I said.

“Played for all four years of college,” she said. She was sweating as we walked to the car. “I was there during the time they made sports a requirement for girls so they could comply with Title IX stuff. They could spend a whole lot on a few guys playing football if they had a sport for every girl to participate in.”

“They didn’t require sports at my college,” I said, but then I realized I really had to pee. I looked at my watch and it had 25 minutes left. I had missed my last bathroom trip by ten minutes. Now it was urgent. “Violet, I really have to pee?” I said.

We walked to the bathrooms, but there was a sign saying they were out of order. Violet tried the door. They were locked.

I crossed my legs and tears filled my eyes. “What am I going to do?”

“Just squat and go,” she said.

“And wet your skirt?” I asked.

“It will wash,” she said.

I was going to wet my pants anyway, so I just squatted down and peed through the panties of the skirt while Violet rubbed my shoulders. Soon I was done and we walked back to the car.

We got in the car and started driving home. I fingered the towel I was sitting on and then looked at Violet again. “Mommy, I need to wear diapers again. I hate these accidents and I keep wetting my panties all the time.”

“I know,” she said. “It’s tough after you’ve relied on diapers for so long. However, if I put you back in diapers and you wet whenever you feel like it, then you will never regain your bladder control.”

I looked at my watch and then thought for a little bit. Suddenly I knew what to argue. “What if I try to keep my diaper dry? I’ll just wet when my watch tells me I can. If I have an accident and wet earlier, then it will be less messy.”

Violet didn’t say anything for a few minutes and we rode in silence. As we were about a mile from the house, she said, “I think I made a mistake of trying to potty train you like an adult. Let me see if I can get what I need in your size. Until then, I guess we can put you back in diapers.”

I smiled when I learned I had achieved a victory.

###

“Beth, why are you back in diapers?” asked Jeff. He seemed annoyed and a little embarrassed at how I was dressed. As a baby I normally didn’t sit around in just a diaper or a t-shirt.

I tugged at the hem of my shirt. “I’ve been having accidents today and I begged Violet to put me back in diapers,” I said. I returned to reading my book.

He sat down next to me and took the book. He set the book aside and looked at me. “Beth, you need to try harder. You got to regain your bladder control to go to college unless you want to wear diapers to class.”

I wondered what everyone would think of a college girl who needed diapers. I was sure I’d be made fun of. “I’m sorry, but I can’t stop wearing diapers cold turkey. Violet said she was going to try something else to potty train me.”

He took my book and was about to hand it back to me. “You can get out of diapers eventually. You helped Violet become herself again and I thought that was impossible.” He handed my book back. “Now a new episode of our favorite show is on tonight, so let’s go watch it after dinner.”

“Cool,” I said.

###

It had been three days since the tennis court incident, and I had worn diapers since then. I was sitting on the couch when my watch beeped. I smiled and relaxed, letting my diaper start to feel warm when the doorbell rang.

Violet walked out of her office and scowled at me when she passed and answered the door. I quickly threw a blanket over myself and looked up to see who was at the door. It was a UPS guy and he had a package with him. Violet signed for the package and then she closed the door.

“So what did you order?” I asked.

She set the box on the coffee table. “It’s special underwear for you.” She tore open the box and pulled out some items. I looked at them closely. It looked like ten pairs of panties that looked like they were made out of towels and then she pulled out five panties made of plastic. “These will do nicely,” she said.

“Those are baby training pants and covers,” I said. “Where did you get them in my size?”

She took a pair of the panties and a set of the plastic pants. “They have everything on the Internet.” She took my hand. “Now let’s get you out of that wet diaper and start potty training you.”

She took me to my room and I lay on the floor. She cleaned me pretty nicely and I smiled at her. However, once the diaper was off, she pulled me to my feet and handed me the training pants. It was like granny panties, but they were made from a towel. I pulled them on and they felt so soft. Then she pulled on the plastic pants. Those were different. They had elastic at the legs and the waist. The leg bands felt a bit tight and I yanked at them.

“Stop touching yourself,” she said.

“But,” I started to say. The plastic of the pants touched against my skin where the training pants didn’t cover and plastic doesn’t feel good against the skin.

She turned and opened my closet. “What do you want to wear, pants or a skirt?”

“A skirt, I guess,” I said.

She of course picked the pink short skirt. She tossed it to me and I pulled it on. At least it matched the pink of the plastic pants.

After sitting downstairs for a while, I started to sweat. The plastic pants just held the heat against my skin and I was uncomfortable.

“Violet,” I said, “I’m hot and sweaty in these.” I pointed at the plastic pants. “Can I please have my diapers back?”

“No, we are potty training you.”

My watch beeped again and I realized I had to pee really bad, but I didn’t care.

“Beth, it’s time to use the toilet.”

“No,” I said. I wanted my diapers back. Violet cared for me when I was in diapers. Now she was being mean. Maybe if I kept having accidents, Violet would be forced to diaper me. I relaxed and wet myself.

“Beth, stop,” she said, but it was too late. I couldn’t stop until my bladder was empty.

Wetting in training pants with plastic pants over them is not like wetting a diaper. The panties soaked up some of the pee, but most of it pooled in the crotch of the plastic pants.

Violet pulled up my skirt and looked at the pee in the bottom of my plastic pants. She glared at me. “I know you did that on purpose. I should give you a spanking.”

I started to cry. I was being a brat and I had crossed the line. This was where the beatings would begin. I still had to beg. “I’m sorry,” I said. I turned around and bent down to grab my ankles. I closed my eyes.

Violet touched my shoulder gently and pulled me to a standing position. “You seem used to spankings,” she said. “Come on.” She led me to the kitchen and had me sit in one of the chairs. Of course the puddle washed over a different area of my crotch.

“Is there anything I can do to make potty training easier for you?” she asked. “You’ve been miserable since you’ve been out of diapers. The only time I’ve seen you happy is the last couple of days.”

“I feel loved when I am diapered. You just yell at me whenever I either had to wear panties or with this torture device.” I pointed down to my plastic pants. They were getting hot and it was pretty humid in there with all the pee I was sitting in.

I looked her in the face. “I know I deserve a spanking for wetting on purpose, but I’ve really gotten used to being your baby and no one hits a diapered baby. I guess I don’t want to give up the diapers because I know the beatings will continue.” I started to cry.

Violet pulled me closer to her and gave me a hug. She rubbed my back while I cried. “No one is going to hit you, baby. Don’t cry.”

It took a few minutes for me to get back under control and then Violet and I talked for a while as I told her my fears and everything that bothered me.

“Thanks for reassuring me, mommy,” I said. “I am ready to have my diaper change.”

“Beth baby, we still need to get you potty trained. I’m still your mommy, but I need you to try to be a big girl for me. Besides, you don’t want to wear diapers to school, do you?”

“No, I don’t,” I said. “I still want to be your baby though and these plastic pants are hot and I’m sitting in a pool of pee.”

“Yeah, let’s get you some new underpants on and we’ll try potty training again,” she said.

###

I hobbled into the bathroom at the mall and came to a stop right in front of the stall. “Dammit,” I said. Pee soaked my training pants, but the plastic pants kept it from staining my light blue pants. That would have been obvious.

“What’s wrong? Why did you stop?” Violet gave me a concerned look. I had made it to the toilet most of the time at home, but when we went out, I had an accident at least two out of three times. It was humiliating. The watch Violet gave me had worked toward strengthening my bladder, but it did so at the cost of my dignity.

“What do you think?” I asked. “I had another accident. I am never going to make it to be accident free before school starts.”

“Nonsense,” said Violet. “It’s been only two months and you have been able to go for over an hour between bathroom visits.”

I looked at my watch. It was counting down from an hour and fifteen minutes and I could usually handle that without an accident. Usually. Not when my watch beeped on the other side of the mall and the bathroom was closed for cleaning. If truth be known, if I was actually at college I wouldn’t have waited past the need to go until my watch beeped. I was not going to be courting accidents to that extent. I just wanted to get through class and maybe sip a soda like I usually did.

But college was another six weeks away. I still had another month with Violet before I was going to move out and then I would spend the two weeks before college settling in to my new apartment, if I could find one. I couldn’t afford much. I knew I didn’t want to live in the dorms, since I still couldn’t master the bedwetting.

“Do we have my diaper bag in the car?” I asked Violet.

“No, we don’t,” she said. “Just try to go to the bathroom and clean yourself.”

I went in and all I could really do is dump the pools of pee from the inside of my plastic pants and wipe them with toilet paper. I pulled back up my wet training pants and then pulled the now dried plastic pants back up and then rearranged my clothing. I felt uncomfortable. The pee in the training pants had time to cool and I knew from experience that I would have to sit in the hot car and sweat. Sweating was much worse in wet panties than in dry and I would have a miserable time until we got home. I came out of the stall and Violet looked at me.

“We got to go to Barnes and Noble next,” said Violet. “I promised I would pick up some of Jeff’s shopping.”

“Can’t we go home?” I asked. “I’m uncomfortable.”

“I think that is a good motivator for you to learn to control yourself,” said Violet.

I sighed and followed her out of the ladies room. We walked toward the book store, a place I normally loved to go, but I rather wanted to put on dry pants a little more.

We were halfway there when we Sylvia came up to me. “Hi, Beth. Are you okay?”

“Sylvia!” I said and gave her a hug. I turned to Violet. “This is my old roommate Sylvia.”

“Nice to meet, you. I am Violet.” She put her hand out, but Sylvia ignored it.

“Oh, you are the one who is using Beth. I am not happy about how you are treating her.”

“Stop,” I said. “Violet treats me fine.”

She lowered her voice. “She has you wearing diapers and threatening that she will send you to jail if you don’t agree.”

“It’s not like that,” I said.

Violet looked at me. “Your friend knows about this?” She looked at Sylvia. “Let’s get a bite to eat in the food court and I try to explain.” She took my hand and we went to eat.

###

“...and so we are sending Beth to college in the fall to complete her education. She has been wonderful to me and I really love her and want to make it up to her.”

Sylvia looked a little placated. Violet had admitted she had used me and I was vulnerable since I only truly felt love while diapered and associated the two.

“I’d want to take her home with me and I’ll make sure no one hurts her,” said Sylvia. “I believe your story, but I think she is safer living with me. I have an extra room and live near the college.”

Violet looked at me. A tear ran down her cheek. However, she didn’t waver when she spoke. “I don’t know that making her live with you is better than her staying with me. I am working on getting her ready for school again. She has a little problem we have yet to overcome and we need another month. However, by then she will start school.”

They were both arguing over me like I wasn’t there. My crotch and hips and everything under my plastic pants were hot and the peed in panties against my skin didn’t help. I wanted to go home and have a bath. However Violet added something important to the conversation.

“Maybe we should find out what Beth wants.” Both women looked at me.

“Um,” I started to say. I loved both Sylvia and Violet, but I thought Violet had a better chance of making sure I strengthened my bladder before college. I looked at Sylvia. “I really miss living with you, but I need to stay with Jeff and Violet a little longer. Can I wait to move in with you on the first of August? I need a place to stay during college, if you have room for me.”

“Of course I have room for you,” said Sylvia. “I’ll be working during the day, but my apartment is a two bedroom and I have plenty of room for you. I wish you could stay earlier though.”

“I can’t,” I said. “I need to enjoy the little bit of time I have left with my mommy before I go live with you. I’ll be safe. I never have felt unsafe with them.”

“She’s like my daughter,” said Violet. She looked at Sylvia. “I want you to keep her safe. I only found out a few weeks ago, but Beth’s old boyfriend hit her. I want you to make sure she stays away from people like that.”

Sylvia’s lips curled. “That won’t be a problem.”

My watch beeped and I got up and walked toward the food court bathrooms. Sylvia followed me. I went in and used the stall and peed in the toilet. Something was going right at least.”

“Did that woman let you stop wearing diapers?” asked Sylvia when I came out of the bathroom.

“Yeah,” I said. “My bladder is a little weaker now but we’ve spent the last two months with bladder strengthening exercises.”

“What is that?” she asked.

I explained. She was angry at Violet again, but I calmed her and said it was all right. She squeezed me into a hug and we then left the bathroom to rejoin Violet.

###

By the time Violet and I left the mall and got home, I was cranky. I had sat in wet panties for over three hours and wanted nothing more than a bath and a change. We got home and I got my bath, but when it was over, she got a diaper.

“Why a diaper?” I asked.

“It’s time for a nap, you are being crabby.”

It was true, but I’d had a tired day. I was ready to sleep.

###

I hurried into the restroom and pulled down my jeans and thick training pants and sat down and peed. I looked at the watch. It had been two and a half hours since I last peed and that was with all the soda I was sucking down in the restaurant. I was doing better than when I started to live with Violet.

I returned to our table and Jeff smiled at me. “Our house is going to be so empty without you. I will have no one to discuss books with or watch fantasy shows on HBO.”

Violet smiled. Her belly was a lot rounder since she was almost halfway through her pregnancy.

“Oh, I think your house is going to fill up before you notice,” I said. “Violet is a wonderful mommy and I think any baby would be lucky to be with you two.”

“Thank you, Beth,” said Violet. “We will both miss you so much.”

“Well, I’ll be back for Thanksgiving,” I said. “And Christmas.”

“You better,” said Jeff.

We celebrated a bit more before we finally went home. The next day was moving day.

*029*2013-07-05 16:58

CHAPTER TWENTY: THE CLOCK STARTS AND BETH MOVES OUT

“Wake up, Beth,” said Violet.

I sat up a little in bed, and saw Violet. She smiled at me. “Is it time to move yet?”

“Not yet. We got a busy day. First we got to go to the Luther’s for the meeting and then we have to get you some school supplies. We have a busy day, so hurry and take your shower.”

I showered and then put on some clean training pants. I was about to go back to my room and get dressed when Violet met me. She held a diaper in her hands.

“I’m hurrying,” I said.

“The Luthers still think you are brain damaged,” she said. “One last day in diapers won’t hurt. Just lie on the bed.”

I lay on the bed and let Violet diaper me. It might be my last time to ever be diapered by Violet, so I lay down and closed my eyes and let her change me.

I sat up and groaned when I saw my outfit. It was the light blue overalls. I hated the overalls. Without my Victoria’s Secret pushup bras, I looked pretty flat with overalls. However, I was going to be her baby one last day and I had to make it work.

I grabbed my diaper bag and put my book inside and we went out to the car to see the Luthers.

###

The path up to the house was short, but Mrs Luther opened the door and smiled at me. “Hi, Beth,” she said. I gave a halfhearted wave.

“Oh, you understand me,” she said. “Can you say hi?”

I just looked at her.

“Beth is still non-verbal, but the doctor helped her make her needs known,” said Violet. “She can let me know if she needs a clean diaper or if she is hungry.”

“I bet that is nice,” she said.

I ignored her and we went into the house.

“Lillie is not here yet,” Mrs. Luther said. “Do you think Beth can sit still until snacks?”

“I think Beth can control herself a little bit,” said Violet. She sat me down on the floor and took a seat on the couch behind me. The boring meeting began.

I spent my time looking at the clock. It was still stuck at 9:30, but that was far too late as it was still morning. I frowned. The stupid clock just sat there without moving. It was my last day at the Luther’s house, but I was not going to leave until I wound the clock. Acting like a toddler was bad because no adult would sit by and let me wind it.

The women droned on and on about this and that. Then soon the topic of the conversation drifted to me. “You’ll have your hands full with the new baby and Beth. Are you ready to have two in diapers?”

Violet smiled. “I’m trying to potty train Beth.”

“How’s that working? Can she even learn anything?”

Violet’s smile left her. “Well actually, it seems I have set her back a bit in her healing process. The doctor suggested a special school for her, so she might be able to function at a higher level. She said a few words so far, and we think she might regain some function.”

“So where is the school?” one of the ladies asked.

Violet gave a town name and then got a sad look on her face. “Jeff and I are going to take her there tonight. I sure will miss her.”

“Beth, are you looking forward to school?” asked Mabel. I looked at her and smiled. Then I proceeded to wet my diaper. It had been two and a half hours, so I thought I had been doing well.

“Well let’s get some refreshments,” said Mrs. Luther. Everyone filed out of the living room toward the kitchen. I remained seated in front of the couch.

Now was my chance. I crawled toward the clock and opened the door. The three weights were in the bottom of the clock. I stood and then pulled the chain on the first clock until the weight came to the top of the clock. Then I pulled the next chain up and I got the third pulled to the top without incident. Finally, I gave the pendulum a little push and the clock started tic-tocking.

I winced as the clock struck 9:30. Someone was bound to hear. I had little time to set the time and I opened the door on the clock face and started turning the hands.

Everytime I passed a strike point, the clock chimed and I waited, but finally got it set at 11:55 just as Mrs. Luther came in.

“Oh, Beth, the clock is not a toy.” She came up to me and pulled me back gently and then shut the doors on the clock face and the door underneath where you wind it.

“My husband built that clock before he died. It stopped working a while back, but I’m going to have it fixed some day.” She took me by the hand and led me to the kitchen.

“What happened, April?” asked Mabel.

“Beth was trying to get into the clock again. She is fascinated by it. Every time she is here, I have to keep her from it.”

I was angry. I had just started the clock and it seemed to be running okay. Did the woman not know you have to wind a clock if you want it to work?

Violet walked from the hall from the bathroom. “I swear when you are pregnant, you have to go ever half hour. What’s all the excitement?”

“Beth was playing with the clock again.”

“She didn’t break it?” asked Violet.

“It’s been broken for two years,” said Mrs. Luther. “It broke the same week that Henry died.”

Suddenly the clock struck twelve. I looked at the digital clock on the VCR and it said twelve as well.

Mabel and Mrs. Luther both turned to look at the clock. “Well maybe she jarred something that had stopped the clock,” said Mabel.

“That’s probably it,” said Mrs. Luther. “Well let’s have refreshments.”

Violet glared at me. “What did you do to that clock?” she whispered.

“I just wound it and set it to the correct time,” I said.

“Well, don’t do anything else miraculous today.”

“Sure,” I said.

We entered the kitchen and Violet gave me my milk and cookie. I sat by myself and ate it while Violet gossiped with the ladies.

###

“Beth,” said a familiar voice. I looked and saw it was Lillie. She was smiling. “I get to see you once more, sweetie. Aunt Mabel tells me you are going away to a school for handicap people.”

I just ate my cookie.

“Well let’s go to the bedroom while the boring ladies have their meeting,” she said.

I followed her into the bedroom. I hoped she would read Hunger Games, but she had some sappy book about a vampire high school. I frowned when she started to read it. It was almost worse than Twilight. For one it was like jumping on the bandwagon of vampire books and for another it was bad. At least the writing was better. However, I was bored and saw her open bag with the Hunger Games book on top. I reached for the bag and dumped the contents out accidently. Aside from the book was a purple diaper and a plastic bag, along with a few notebooks and another book in her Vampire series.

“Beth, you made a mess,” she said. She started to pick up the stuff from her bag. I reached for the Hunger Games book and held it as I watched her pack her bag. She picked up the plastic bag and started to put it away when I realized that there was a used wet diaper in it. I certainly hadn’t worn that diaper. While she was bending down, her shirt rode up a bit and I saw a thin outline of purple above the waistline of her jeans. Lillie was wearing a diaper. I just had to figure out how to use that to my advantage.

I picked up the Vampire book and put it in the bag and handed her the Hunger Games book.

Lillie sighed, but she opened to the spot that she had left off earlier and read to me until time to go.

###

“Beth,” said Sylvia as soon as she saw me at her door. She squeezed me into a hug and I almost wet my thick training pants from the pressure. She released me before I had an accident and then let me go as she saw Jeff and Violet coming up the stairs with some boxes.

“Beth, we got a few more boxes in the car,” said Violet. “We’ll get you settled in,” she said.

“Well, let me show you your room,” said Sylvia. She led me back down the hallway to a bedroom and opened the door. I peered inside. The room was furnished, but simple. My bed was there from when Sylvia and I were roommates and so was my dresser. She also added a desk and a chair.

“Wow, you kept my bed,” I said. I looked at the position of the furniture and smiled at her. “May I please move the bed against the wall?”

Violet started to look embarrassed, but Sylvia smiled. “Of course. You were always weird about that. Let’s move things.” Together we pushed the bed the couple of feet away toward the wall.

Jeff had opened my box and was hanging my clothes in the closet and Violet was stocking my dresser drawers with my other clothes. I just stood there, helpless, because Violet was still treating me like a child. However, since all my clothes were the ones Violet had bought for me, that didn’t take long.

Sylvia smiled and I turned to her. “Do you still have all those Xena episodes you recorded? I remember we had so much fun watching them.”

Sylvia smiled. “Not anymore. I don’t even have a VCR anymore. Got Xena on DVD though. I like that better because the captioning actually works.”

“Cool,” I said.

Jeff and Violet came back up the stairs with the remaining two boxes. “Where do you want your supplies?” asked Violet.

I felt my face get warm. “Put them on the floor of my closet.”

“Okay, we got to go,” said Jeff. He smiled at me. “Thanks for staying with us.”

“Thanks for letting me live with you,” I said.

I waved goodbye as Jeff and Violet left me. Sylvia stood beside me and smiled.

“Supplies?” asked Sylvia. “She left you diapers, didn’t she?”

My face burned with embarrassment. “They are just for at night. Soon I won’t need them for that anymore.”

“Calm down,” she said. “No one is going to dictate your wardrobe. You can wear what you want. Peter’s not here to make you dress like a stripper and Violet is not here to make you dress like a baby.”

“I am a college student and will dress like that again,” I said.

She rubbed my head. “I kind of miss the long hair.”

“Me too,” I said, “but it is already starting to grow."

“Well, let’s put in a Xena DVD and relax for the rest of the evening."

“That sounds, fun,” I said. We took our seats on the couch and I felt like my life was slowly getting back together. I just needed a boyfriend.

*030*2013-07-06 05:48

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE: THE DATE

Sylvia was at work and I had a whole other week until classes started. During the previous days since I had moved in, I was catching up on Xena episodes. Today I was lazy. I slept until eleven and then just got out of bed and sat in front of the TV. I ate cereal for meals and didn’t even change out of last night’s diaper.

I was being disgusting and I knew it, but I wasn’t going anywhere and I was home by myself. I thought I would be dressed before Sylvia got home, but I kind of lost track of time.

“Beth, why aren’t you dressed?” She walked up to me and looked down. “Are you still in a wet diaper?”

“Um, I woke up wet. I’m not using the diaper during the day.”

“Well go change, and don’t wear those toddler panties you wear,” she said. “I’m tired of you sitting around being lazy all day. You need to do something more than sitting around the house. Have you even gotten your books yet?”

“I bought the books,” I said. “And why do you care what panties I wear anyway.”

“I am tired of you just sitting around here, so I set you up on a blind date. He will be here to pick you up in an hour, so get dressed.”

“A blind date? I can’t go on a date.”

“It’s too late to cancel. Go.” She pushed me toward the bathroom and I started getting undressed.

The t-shirt came off and so did my diaper. A quick look in the mirror showed me my short hair was matted against one side of my head where I slept on it. I jumped in the shower and cleaned myself. Since there was a date involved, I started shaving, being careful not to knick the backs of my knees. Once presentable I dried off, wrapped my towel around myself, and went to my room.

Sylvia was waiting for me with clothes on my bed. I saw the Victoria’s Secret stuff she had picked out for me and blushed, but put them on and then pulled on the black dress we had gotten at a trip to the mall earlier in the week. Once dressed, she started on my makeup.

It was amazing how different a little makeup makes you look and a quick look in the mirror showed that I looked my old self again.

“So tell me about this guy you are setting me up with. He won’t hit me, I hope?”

“He’d better not,” she said. “Actually this guy is very gentle. He’s also going to the medical school at the university. Don’t you want to date a doctor?”

“Yeah, I’d like that.” A doctor. Well, he obviously wasn’t a doctor yet, but he would be someday. “I’m just not sure a doctor would want to date me.”

“Oh, of course a doctor would want to date you. Just make sure you don’t spend the night. You don’t want to pee on him.”

“Hey,” I said. “I’m starting to have dry nights. Soon, I will be out of diapers for good.”

“Not if you sit around in them until five o’clock in the evening.”

“I was being irresponsible, but I won’t do that anymore, I guess.”

The doorbell rang and Sylvia smiled. “He’s here.” We went to the door and when the Sylvia opened it, I smiled.

“Hi,” I said and looked at my date. It was Carlos from the medical supply store. The one where Violet bought my diapers and where I pretended to be brain damaged and incontinent. I hoped he wouldn’t recognize me with the makeup.

“Beth?” he asked.

“You two know each other?” asked Sylvia.

I turned and ran to my room and shut the door. I was humiliated. I lay face down on my bed and cried into my pillow.

###

I don’t know how long I lay there crying, but soon Sylvia opened the door and sat on the edge of my bed. “Don’t cry, Beth,” she said.

I sat up and sat beside her and looked down at my feet. “How could you set me up with him? You said he was a doctor. He really works at the place Violet bought my diapers from. He thinks I took a tumble from the balcony at my sorority and have brain damage and incontinence. I’ve never been so humiliated.”

“What about when you pooped yourself at the Tupperware meeting?”

“Not helping. Besides it was some women’s charity thing and not Tupperware.”

“Well Carlos and I talked a bit after you ran in your room and I told him you didn’t need diapers anymore and that you are starting classes again this semester.”

“That’s so much better,” I said with a sarcastic reply. “So how long did it take before he thought I was disgusting and left?”

“He’s still in the living room waiting for me to get you.”

I looked at her with surprise. “I am not going on this date,” I said. “He knows about the diapers. I can’t live this down.”

“Nonsense,” she said. “Let’s fix your makeup.” She wiped my face with wipes and then began to apply my makeup again.

I kept trying to say I couldn’t possibly date Carlos, that he wouldn’t want anything to do with me after the whole incontinence thing, but she just smiled again. “He likes you, I think.”

“I doubt that,” I said.

“Let’s go find out,” she said and dragged me out to the living room again.

I slowly walked out to the living room again.

“I think you two have a lot to talk about and you should do it on your date,” said Sylvia.

I looked at Carlos. “Do you really still want to go on this date?” I asked. “I mean the whole point of a blind date is to determine if the other person is undatable or not and you already know that.”

“I still want to go out with you tonight,” he said. “Even if the date doesn’t work out, the tickets to the symphony were $36.00 each and I really don’t want to let one ticket go to waste.” He reached down and gently took my hand and led me toward the door.

“Have fun,” said Sylvia. “Besides, I want the place to myself until at least midnight.”

I gave her my deer-in-headlights look as I was guided toward Carlos’s car.

“Nice Jaguar,” I said.

“It’s only a 92,” he said. When I am really a doctor I will have a new one.”

I sat down in the car and stared at my lap. A quick glance in the side view mirror confirmed that my face wasn’t as red as it felt, but the night was still young.

“There are so many things I want to ask you,” he said. “Your roommate said you never had brain damage. I saw the nasty mark on your head. I guessed you suffered a severe concussion at the very least. Is that why you are in diapers.”

I sighed. He was going to ask about this and I had to tell him. “I am not in diapers anymore.” I flipped my dress up a bit to prove I was wearing panties, black lacy Victoria’s Secret ones. “The reason I wore the diapers all the time is because of Violet.” I told him my story. By the time I finished, we arrived at the restaurant.

“So you’ve been out of diapers at least a month?” he asked.

“That sounds about right,” I said.

I let him lead me into the restaurant. We made small talk and he actually asked what I thought about things. It was exciting. I was a bit deprived media-wise, so any TV or movie related trivia since after I moved in with Peter was basically non-existent, but we talked about school and what I wanted to do.

“So what do you want to do?” I asked. “I know you said doctor, but are you specializing in anything?”

“I really want to be a brain surgeon. I want to heal injuries like you had--I mean like you pretended to have.”

“Now I feel awful lying to you,” I said.

“It’s fine. Just don’t lie to me again,” he said. “I know you’re still in diapers, at least part time.”

I looked at him shocked. “Did Sylvia tell you I was still bedwetting?” I hissed so my voice wouldn’t carry in the restaurant. “It’s becoming less and less frequent, I swear.”

“She didn’t have to tell me. Your babysitter, Lillie, stopped in this morning and bought some more supplies for you. She has been buying them frequent enough that you would have to be wearing them all the time.”

“What?” I asked.

“Lillie stopped in this morning and said Violet was busy and she sent her to the store to get some supplies for you.”

“But Lillie just watched me that one weekend when you stopped her from lifting my skirt. Are you saying she bought me more supplies? Violet left me with enough to wear one every night for the next three months. Why would Lillie be buying them?” So many things clicked into place. Lillie had been wearing diapers all the time since that weekend. The diapers she kept in her backpack, the time spent alone in her room, even the times she put them on from time to time. However she wasn’t wearing them every time, so that must mean that she doesn’t really need them. She’d been using my situation to cover for her own diaper buys.

“Yeah,” he said, “she even dragged a boyfriend with her. He just seemed embarrassed and just complained that she was spending all her time before college started babysitting ‘that retarded woman’ instead of hanging out with him.”

I frowned. “I wasn’t playing the part of a retarded person.”

“I know,” he said. “Why else would she buy diapers if not for you?”

“I think she is wearing them herself,” I said. “That woman embarrassed me all over the place. She thought I was handicapped so I had to play along when she changed me in front of her boyfriend and outed me to the staff at Hot Topic. Violet was discreet and we only played up the handicapped angle when it was impossible to hide the fact that I wore diapers. I’d like to give her an embarrassing moment. Just tell her you know they are for her when she comes to buy them, preferably when her boyfriend is along.”

“We try not to embarrass people buying incontinent products at the store,” said Carlos. “I can’t just accuse her of buying them for herself.

“Sorry for getting you in the middle of this. I don’t suppose it is possible to forget all about the diapers and pretend all this stuff never happened. I thought you were cute the first time I saw you and it killed me that we met as I was being sized for incontinent products.”

He smiled at me. “Sorry about that,” he said. “Speaking of confessions, I thought you were beautiful when you walked in that day. It killed me when your aunt led me to believe you had the problems we thought you did.”

“Thanks,” I said. “I wish you would have seen me when I had hair. There was really real head injury that required stitches, so they shaved my head.” I gave a pouty frown.

He smiled and reached across the table and brushed my hair with a hand. “It’s starting to grow back.”

“I hope so,” I said.

“So what are you studying in college this year?”

“Electrical engineering,” I said. “I know, it’s pretty nerdy.” I smiled. “I almost would rather take history or English. I managed to get a creative writing course in this semester as an elective.”

“Nice. Do you like to write?”

“Well, when I was living as Violet’s baby, I could only do one adult thing and that was read novels. Her husband Jeff had a large collection of science fiction books and I grabbed onto those and read during every spare moment. I’ve read enough of them that I think I may be able to do better.” I smiled again. “I have taken physics classes, for example.”

“I actually have only read medical books the last couple of years.” He smiled.

We finished dinner and then drove to the concert hall. After the awkward diaper conversation in the restaurant, the date began to be a normal date. Well, not quite normal. It was still a first date, so I wasn’t yet called stupid or ugly, and I wasn’t hit when I made a mistake. Carlos was pretty gentle actually and so my expectations were based on my experiences with Peter.

I had never been to a symphony before. Peter just listened to classic rock and nothing else was ever allowed on the radio. I used to listen to what I wanted when he wasn’t home, but stopped after forgetting to change the station back one day. There was actually live music and they played classical music. The music started to play and I let him put his arm around me while we listened to the orchestra.

After, we left in his car and I smiled. “You know Sylvia is going to want to know everything,” I said.

“Well, I’ll never kiss and tell,” he said.

“I don’t care about the telling,” I said. “Let’s work on the kissing.” I reached for him, but he guided me back in my seat.

“Let’s kiss at my place.”

###

My head lay against Carlos’s chest as we lay in bed together. I really felt relaxed even though our love making was quite a workout.

“Let’s get some rest,” he said and reached toward the lamp. “Tomorrow I will make you breakfast in bed.”

I froze and then when I had my senses back I grabbed the arm he was reaching for the lamp with. “Um, Carlos, I need to get back home. Sylvia will be worried.”

“Just call Sylvia and tell her you are spending the night,” he suggested.

“Carlos, I--,” I started. “I wet the bed and need a diaper,” I whispered.

“You said you didn’t do it every night anymore,” he said.

“I don’t know ahead of time if tonight is one of the nights I wet,” I said. “I don’t want to pee on my new boyfriend.”

“Did you just call me your boyfriend?” He kissed me which caused us to make out until we were both worn out again.

I sat up and then got out of bed and started to pull on my clothes again. “So will you take me home?”

He took me by the waist and smiled. “Yes,” he said and gave me a kiss.

###

It’s funny how a relationship blossomed from one blind date when I thought we’d never be together. However, I don’t think Carlos would have given me a second date if we hadn’t met during our unusual circumstances.

College is the time to grow in your life and try new things. However like anything, an education needs to be complete. I wonder how my life would have been different if I wouldn’t have dropped out of college to be with Peter. The whole relationship with him was a mistake, but if I could change it I don’t think I would. If I never learned the lessons from Peter, I would have graduated much earlier and never been around to meet Carlos. I wouldn’t change that for the world.

The diapers? Maybe I wouldn’t give that up either. Sometimes Carlos wants to relive how we first met, only it is he and not Violet that changes me. Besides, even though I promised that the bedwetting would go away, it still happens a couple times a week. At least he doesn’t mind that I have to put on a diaper after we make love.

And the fact that Carlos and I are dating at all is a miracle that Sylvia keeps congratulating herself for. Maybe she is right. I may not have trusted men enough to date again after Peter, if she wouldn’t have set up the blind date and I never would have approached Carlos on my own since I knew he knew about my time as a surrogate baby for Violet. The real miracle was that all things worked out in the end.

*031*2013-07-06 23:40

AFTERWARD: A CUSTOMER AT MY COLLEGE JOB

I stacked large cases of adult diapers on the shelves at the medical supply store and smiled. There really were a lot of styles and I was mainly a stocker since the position opened up when Carlos couldn’t put as much time in at the store due to his increased studies. The job gave me an income and I didn’t have to rely on Violet and Jeff as much for college money. I really enjoyed the work and no one really said anything about me being a customer there for a while. Carlos and the owner were the only ones who really knew about it, so the secret was safe.

However, I was working on Saturday and Carlos was there too, working the counter. Since he was almost a doctor he could answer questions better and he actually knew what all of the products were for. I heard him thank a customer he rang up and then I heard a familiar voice as he dealt with the next customer.

“Hi, Carlos. I was sent down here to get some more adult diapers. They’re for Beth.”

I peeked around the corner. It was Lillie and her boyfriend. Why he consented to being dragged here was beyond me. However, he was here.

“Oh, hi Lillie,” said Carlos. “Will it be the Molicares again? And how is she doing?”

“She says a word now and then, but it really isn’t contextual. Violet thought the talking would mean she is ready for potty training, but that didn’t really work. Hence, the reason I am here.”

“You spend too much time babysitting that retard,” her boyfriend said.

“Well, I’ll have our new stocker get your order for you,” said Carlos. He called in my direction. “Elizabeth, will you get a case of medium Molicares for a customer?”

I should mention that I decided to go by Elizabeth since starting college. Beth is too much of a baby name. I don’t really let anyone call me that anymore, except when Carlos and I play in the bedroom, and that is just in certain babyish scenarios. “Sure thing, boss,” I said and grabbed a case of the purple adult diapers that Lillie fell in love with. I came out and set the case on the counter.

Her boyfriend stared at me and then recognition suddenly registered in his eyes. “Hey, aren’t you Beth?” he asked.

“It’s Elizabeth, but last time I saw you, I wasn’t talking. I’m better now.”

“But why are you still...,” he trailed of and looked at Lillie. “Where are you going when you pack a bag and go home to babysit every weekend?” Realization dawned on him and then he got a look of disgust on his face.

“Brian?”

“I’ll take you home,” he said, “but then we are through.” He looked at her again. “Eww, just eww.”

After they left, Carlos smiled at me. “I’ll never leave you,” he said.

The End.

That's it. Please let me know what you liked and didn't like and what you think could have been done to improve the story. I'll consider all feedback as I spin my next tale. Thank you for those who replied, because the ego boost really helped.

*036*2013-08-13 12:44

{{:

This story exist on abdlstoryforum.info i belive and been there for some years, did u submit it there too ?

}}

Yes.

