The Ride Stopped Right At The Top

Author: wetpolkadots

*000*2024-11-22 20:08

The line inched forward as the next fiberglass log car was loaded up with eager parkgoers. Eleanor mentally braced herself, and shuffled the few steps forward in silence as her friends chatted happily and obliviously around her, her light denim shorts rubbing together as she kept her legs in constant contact. She thought with a pang about the sheer size of the enormous souvenir refill cup she was clutching. She couldn't believe she'd sucked down the entire soda, in addition to the water bottle she'd brought; it was hot today and she wanted to make sure she was hydrating with more than just sugary beverages.

It wasn't her fault she was this desperate. It was the stupid lines in this place. They'd been in this one for going on half an hour now, and that was nothing compared to the line for the last coaster, which in itself was nothing compared to the lines for the bathrooms she'd been checking between every coaster for the last five coasters now.

She gritted her teeth. It would be fine. She'd keep her legs clenched tightly together for the remainder of this line, and for the few minutes the ride would take, and then she'd shove past her friends and make a beeline for the bathrooms. Sure, she'd have to wait even longer, but it would be fine. She was an adult. She could hold her pee. Besides, she hadn't checked the bathroom of this area of the park yet. Maybe this one would have a shorter line?

She should stop thinking about this, but it was hard not to with the sound of water churning and crashing all around her. The gentle glug-glug-glug of the motors working under the river to keep it moving forward. The huge kshhhhhhhh as each log car splashed into the water. The drip-drip-drip of water dripping off each log car as it exited the water and headed back up the track.

Fuck. This was torture. She shifted her weight to the other foot, then the other one, then the other one again. It would be okay. She could make it. Just another couple minutes.

"Ellie, finish my watermelon-rita, we're almost up!"

That was Ellie's friend Stephanie, shoving a drink into Eleanor's hand and forcing it to her lips, cackling as she did so. Eleanor knew Stephanie was trying to be nice. She'd probably noticed that Eleanor had been hanging back, and was trying to help her let loose. But letting loose was the last thing she needed right now.

"C'mon, Steph, I'm not thir--"

"You come on, we're on vacation," Stephanie pouted.

Knowing her friend well enough to know arguing was useless, Eleanor opened her mouth and allowed the drink to be poured into it as Stephanie cheered her on. It would be fine. She already had to pee like a racehorse but it would be fine. It wasn't like they'd be on the ride long enough for it to get to her.

By the time they reached the front of the line, Eleanor was frantic. She felt like she couldn't stay still, taking a few tiny steps forward in line, then a few tiny steps back. Stephanie frowned at her, but before she could ask what was wrong they had reached the front of the line. Eleanor gathered all the strength she could muster as she bent to put the souvenir cup in a cubby. And then she was looking down at the log car.

Crap. When she'd first gotten in line, she didn't anticipate it would be this hard to sit down without grabbing her crotch in front of an entire amusement park. She realized suddenly how bad she really had to go - she'd been yearning to shove her hand between her legs for awhile at this point, and only the friction of her shorts rubbing against each other were able to stop that.

She clenched her muscles as hard as she possibly could and quickly sat in the front of the ride. As she did, she felt herself leak into her bikini bottoms - not enough to cause any damage, but a warning sign of more leaks to come. It was as if her bladder was screaming at her. Please, please, please, she found herself inwardly begging, make this ride be short, no delays, no mechanical issues, just let me get to a toilet before I fucking explode.

The log cars sat eight total, two to a row. Stephanie sat next to Eleanor. Two of their other friends, Zach and Trevor, sat immediately behind them, and the remainder of the car was taken up by two old couples loudly talking about their fishing trip. The ride attendant lowered the lap bar onto each of them with a smile, and the car - thank God! - began moving.

As the log car began what felt like an agonizingly slow climb to the top of the ramp, Stephanie turned to Eleanor. "Everything okay?" she asked. "You've been quiet."

Eleanor smiled through clenched teeth. "I'm fine," she said. "Just a little tired, I guess."

"No, seriously," said Stephanie. "What's wrong?"

Eleanor conjured up the most easygoing laugh she could muster. "Steph. Chill. We're on a log flume. I’m fine.”

“Oh my god…”

Fuck. This is humiliating.

“Ellie,” whispered Stephanie. “Are you afraid of heights?”

Eleanor would have laughed if she hadn’t had to pee so goddamn bad. Instead she just sighed dramatically. “Yeah,” she said, pressing her crotch as hard as she could into the seat. “You got me.”

Stephanie reached for her hand. “You should have said so before we went on all those other rollercoasters!”

“I had to uh, power through it.” Eleanor took the offered hand and squeezed it for dear life. “This one is just….slower.”

The ride climbed upwards, agonizingly slow. By the time it was halfway up, it was all Eleanor could do not to hold herself. She felt another tiny spurt of piss escape her legs, almost as if in anticipation of the drop.

Fuck. The drop. How was she going to make it through that? The sudden jolt would definitely make her piss. Well, maybe nobody would notice just a little bit, amid the deluge of water from the ride–

She pressed her legs together more tightly, shifted her weight back and forth. Phrases like deluge of water were not helping.

Finally, they reached the top. Eleanor could have cried. Just a few more feet and they’d be around the top of the track, and splash into the water, where surely, surely nobody would notice just a little bit of sweet relief let out into her already soaking bathing suit and jean shorts, washed away by the heavily chlorinated water, just enough so that she could hobble off the ride and to the toilets to let out the rest with her dignity mostly intact.

But instead of swinging around to the drop, just as they made it to the flat part, the ride screeched to a halt. The sudden stop caused a third jolt of piss to dampen Eleanor’s bikini bottoms, and her free hand flew to her crotch, squeezing hard to contain the rest.

“What’s going on?” asked Trevor, at the same time as one of the old men behind them exclaimed, “What’s this now?”

Over a loudspeaker that must have been positioned somewhere on the ride came an announcement: “Sorry, folks. We’re still determining what triggered this safety stop. Our engineers are working on it. It should take us about five to ten minutes to run the full diagnostic, then we’ll let you know whether we need to have you climb down, or send you on down the flume as planned.”

A groan of frustration echoed throughout the car, but Eleanor stayed quiet. Climb down? Nervously she eyed the emergency stairs running up the side of the flume ride. There were a lot of them. She prayed that whatever was wrong with the ride, it would get fixed, fast.

Stephanie turned to her again. She looked down at Eleanor’s hand, which was glued to her crotch, and the way she was squirming, almost rocking back and forth in her seat, doing everything she could to hold it in without making motions big enough to affect the other riders.

“Um, I don’t know how to ask you this,” began Stephanie, “but–”

“Yes,” muttered Eleanor through gritted teeth, cutting her off. Might as well bite the bullet. “I have to pee. Bad. I’ve had to go since like five rides ago.”

“Oh, Ellie,” mumbled Stephanie. “I’m so sorry, I had no idea. I never would have made you drink my drink.”

“It’s fine.” Eleanor said, trying not to think too hard about all the liquid she’d consumed that day sloshing around in her bladder.

“This must be torture,” Stephanie realized out loud. “Especially with the water sounds and everything–”

“Not helping,” said Eleanor quickly, feeling another wave of desperation rush to her bladder. Her muscles were clenched as tightly as she could possibly clench them.

Stephanie thought for a second. “Maybe you could ask them to let you off?”

Eleanor shook her head. “I’d never make it down those stairs. I feel like I’m gonna explode,” she said as quietly as possible.

“Do you want to talk about something else?” suggested Stephanie. “To take your mind off it?”

Eleanor considered it, then shook her head again, resigned to her fate. “Honestly, Steph, I don’t think there’s any taking my mind off it at this point. I just have to hold it.”

“Well, okay…” said Stephanie uneasily.

They sat in awkward silence, with only the conversation from the other passengers (mostly complaining about their situation) and the churning water beneath them to drown out Eleanor’s internal screaming. God did she have to go. She hadn’t had to go this bad since that time in 2020 when that Zoom meeting had gone way too long. She’d ended up sitting on her heel, grinding down into it, pressing it as hard as she could into her peehole. In the end it was no use; her boss had kept droning on and on about sales numbers, and she’d felt leak after leak escape her underwear into her pajama pants, against her heel, until by the time the stupid meeting ended and she was able to make a beeline for the bathroom she’d had a huge puddle to clean up and laundry to do.

Leaking. Maybe that was what she should do. Just let a little tiny bit out. Surely a drop or two would be fine, right? Nobody would notice. She could even take her shirt off, exposing her bikini top, and press it between her legs to absorb the wetness–

No! No. What was she even thinking about? This was crazy. She wasn’t going to piss herself in front of everyone and ruin her shirt. She was going to hold it in. She wasn’t going to let a single drop escape. She pressed her hand harder against her aching sphincter, refusing to allow the thought of letting one more drop escape her.

A few more minutes passed, agonizingly slow. Eleanor clenched her teeth, wanting to scream in sheer frustration. What did that stupid “diagnostic check” entail, anyway? It was probably just some computer glitch, some false flag. No. It had to be that.

She jiggled her legs some more, scissoring them back and forth. The friction brought her small relief, but not the kind she really needed.

“How bad is it?” whispered Stephanie.

Her friend seemed weirdly fixated on her desperation, but Eleanor was far too far gone to notice, and it did help a little to at least acknowledge the problem. “Bad,” she said. “I seriously feel like I’m going to piss myself. What’s taking them so long?”

The loudspeaker crackled to life once more, as if answering her question. “Alright, folks, we’ve identified the problem. There was a small malfunction with one of the lap bars. It’s been corrected, but just for safety’s sake we’re sending someone up to check it, and then we’ll have you on your fun, splashy way.”

“Did he have to say splashy?” Eleanor hissed, as the realization of what the engineer had said hit her. They were sending someone up, on that huge flight of stairs she’d been so nervous about making it down earlier. They’d be going down the ride normally, which was good, but how long would it take someone to climb those stairs?

“I can’t hold it,” Eleanor whispered in a panic. She felt another leak spring as she did so. “Steph, I can’t hold it, what am I supposed to do?”

“My hoodie,” responded Stephanie immediately. “I’ll take it off, and you can just put it between your legs and go.”

This was remarkably similar to Eleanor’s shirt idea. The one she had so soundly rejected. “I can’t, Steph,” she whimpered. “I can’t pee on your sweatshirt, I can’t do that to you–”

“I’m the one who dragged you into this line and made you finish my watermelon-rita!” Stephanie yell-whispered back. “The least I can do is help you not pee yourself.”

Another leak sprung at the words pee yourself. There was now a visible wet patch slowly creeping up Eleanor’s shorts.

“Fine.”

Stephanie tried to take off her sweatshirt, but found the lap bar was too tight. Apparently hers wasn’t the one that had been malfunctioning. “I’m sorry, Ellie,” she said.

“It’s okay,” Ellie mumbled in despair. Another little drop of pee. Another. “Hurry up…” she whined, mostly to herself. “Please…”

“Couldn’t you use your t-shirt?”

“I can’t take it off,” Eleanor admitted. “I can’t move my hand. And I have to pee so fucking bad I’d soak through it in a second.”

Before they could come up with any other ideas, the slow clank, clank, clank of footsteps walking up the stairs became audible. Ellie could have cried with joy and sheer desperation. She was crying, she realized, liquid leaking from her eyes as piss desperately tried to force itself out of her pussy.

It seemed to take the maintenance worker an eternity to reach the top, though. Ellie stared blankly ahead at the blue sky above the park, feeling yet another tiny leak escape her. Her shorts were almost completely soaked through at this point, and it was only a matter of time before she started to drip onto the floor below.

The worker checked the errant lap bar. “Clear,” he called out, and walked back to the steps.

A voice came over the loudspeaker for a third time. “All right folks, you’re all set. We’ll have you going any second now.”

“Ohpleaseohpleaseohplease, ohfuckohfuckohfuck,” muttered Eleanor. Both of her hands were now jammed desperately between her crotch, and she was rocking back and forth into them. Her mind and body were both entirely dedicated to the task of not fully wetting herself. She had to go so bad. She had to go so fucking bad. “Pleasepleaseplease hurry up.”

Finally, after what felt like eons, he car pulled forward. Eleanor’s bladder screamed. Just a little further–just a little further–

And then the drop.

Eleanor relaxed into it, took her hands away. She was finally, finally peeing, gloriously peeing, fully soaking her shorts as the water soaked them too and her shirt. She sighed in relief as liquid gushed out of her, flooding her bikini bottoms and flowing furiously into the water, draining out of the boat.

“Ellie.” Stephanie elbowed her, hard. “Ride’s over.”

“R-right.” Eleanor tried to stop peeing, and found that she couldn’t. Fucking whatever, she decided, I’m soaked anyway. Nobody will know. Pee still trickling down her legs, she swung first one then the other over the side of the ride and onto the ground, and made a beeline for the nearest restroom to let out the rest.

