Streamer girls can't piss until defeat boss

Author: wee fairy

*000*2025-06-03 22:00

Alexia's eyes darted from the frenetic screen to the clock hanging on the wall. Her fingers danced over the keyboard as she guided her digital avatar through the virtual jungle, dodging pixelated bullets and slicing through digital vines. She felt the beginnings of a familiar pressure in her bladder, a side effect of the four Monster Energy drinks she'd consumed during the eight-hour streaming marathon. Her eyes squinted in concentration, but she couldn't ignore the urgent reminder that she needed to visit the bathroom.

"Rach!," she began, her voice strained, "I really have to go!"

Rachel was sitting across from her, eyes glued to the screen as she manned the headset and live chat. She knew exactly what Alexia meant, but she also knew the unspoken rule of the stream: don't interrupt a boss battle for anything, not even bodily functions. Rachel glanced at the chat, noticing the viewers' anticipation reaching a fever pitch as the game's final boss loomed into view. She bit her lower lip, a silent plea for Alexia to hold on just a little longer.

"Come on, just five more minutes," Rachel urged, her own voice tight. "We're so close to beating it. We can't stop now!"

Alexia's knuckles turned white as she clenched the mouse, her eyes flickering between the game and Rachel's tense expression. Rachel's own need to relieve herself was growing, but she didn't want to admit it. The thought of breaking their streak was unbearable. Plus, if they stopped now, they'd miss the chance to hit the coveted 10,000-viewer mark. She was aware of the tremble in her own legs, the way her toes curled in her shoes in a silent symphony of desperation.

"Okay, okay," Alexia said through gritted teeth, "but I'm not going to be responsible for what happens if I can't hold it."

Rachel nodded vigorously, not taking her eyes off the screen. "We're almost there, I promise," she said, popping open another can of Monster. The hiss of the carbonation was like a taunt to her own body, which was screaming for relief. She took a sip, hoping the cold liquid would help ease the pressure momentarily. It didn't. The caffeine rush only made her heart race faster, and she felt her bladder protest with a sharp twinge.

They both took deep breaths, trying to focus on the game. The tension was palpable, not just from the battle unfolding on screen, but also from their internal struggle. The room was filled with the sound of their frantic button mashing and the occasional squeak from their chairs as they shifted uncomfortably. Rachel's eyes darted to the side every few seconds, checking the viewer count. It was so close to hitting 10,000. So. Close.

"You've got this," Rachel encouraged, her voice tight. "Just a little bit more."

Alexia nodded, sweat beading on her forehead. She could feel the dam about to burst. Rachel's own breath was shallow, her face slightly flushed. The room was hot, and the smell of the energy drinks hung in the air, thick and sickly sweet.

"Why are we doing this again?" Alexia groaned.

"For the clout, remember?" Rachel said with a forced laugh, her eyes never leaving the chat. "And the prize money."

Alexia nodded, the seriousness of the situation making her forget the absurdity of their situation. They'd been streaming together for years, and this was the closest they'd ever come to hitting that milestone. The sound of their combined breaths grew heavier, each one a testament to their determination to push through the discomfort. Rachel reached for another can of Monster, her hand shaking slightly. The cold metal felt like a lifeline in her desperate grip. She cracked it open and took a deep gulp, the liquid burning a trail down her throat. The caffeine hit her system like a sledgehammer, and she felt a temporary reprieve from the pressure below.

They were both trembling in their seats now, the adrenaline from the game and their personal battles mixing into a potent cocktail. Rachel's leg bounced uncontrollably as she typed furiously, responding to the viewers' comments and keeping the chat alive. The rush of liquid sloshing in her stomach was a stark reminder of her own need to relieve herself, but she couldn't let Alexia know. They had to keep going.

"Almost there," Rachel said, her voice high-pitched. Her eyes darted to the door, then back to the screen. The seconds ticked by like hours, each one a cruel joke on their suffering. Rachel's mind was racing with thoughts of the bathroom, the sweet relief of emptying her bladder, but she knew that if they stopped now, the momentum of the stream would be lost. The boss's health bar was getting lower, the victory so close she could almost taste it.

Alexia shifted in her chair, her hand moving to her crotch. Rachel heard the faint sound of fabric moving against skin, and she knew Alexia was rubbing her legs. "Rachel, please," Alexia whispered, her voice strained. "I'm gonna piss myself." Rachel felt a twinge of panic, but she couldn't tear her gaze from the screen. The chat was exploding with excitement, viewers spamming emojis and typing in all caps.

Alexia's hand moved up to cup herself, her leg bobbing nervously. "Fuck!" she yelped as she felt a warm droplet seep through her panties. Rachel's heart sank, but she didn't dare stop the game. She knew Alexia was in agony, but they had to keep going. "You can do it," Rachel said, her voice trembling slightly. "Almost...almost."

Her eyes flicked to the door again, then back to the game. Rachel's own body was begging for relief. She could feel the warmth spreading through her crotch, and she had to bite down on her lip to keep from crying out. Her thighs were clenched tightly together, the fabric of her shorts straining against the bulging pressure. She'd been sipping on energy drinks all night, too, and the caffeine was waging a war with the water in her body. Rachel's pussy was pulsing, and she could feel the wetness spreading through her panties, soaking the fabric and making it stick to her skin. She squirmed in her chair, trying to find a position that didn't make the ache worse.

The boss's health bar was now a sliver of red, the end of the battle in sight. Rachel's eyes grew wide with excitement, her breath coming in short gasps. She leaned forward, her fingers moving in a blur over the keyboard. The pressure in her bladder was unbearable, but she kept playing, her thighs quivering with the effort of holding it in. Her stockings stretched tightly over her thighs, the material straining against the fullness of her bladder. She could feel the wetness seeping through, creating a dark patch that grew larger by the second. Rachel's cheeks flushed with a mix of embarrassment and excitement. The chat was going wild, and she knew they were moments away from victory.

Alexia's hand was now pressed firmly between her legs, her face a mask of determination. Rachel could see the wetness spreading down her friend's legs, pooling on the floor. The smell of urine began to fill the room, a pungent reminder of the price of success. Rachel's own need was reaching a breaking point, but she couldn't stop now. Her eyes watered, and she could feel the warmth spreading through her stockings.

The boss's health bar was now a mere sliver of red, the victory within their grasp. Rachel's movements grew more erratic, her body's protests against the unrelenting pressure growing louder. She began to grind her hips into the bed, a desperate attempt to alleviate the pain. Her thighs squeezed together so tightly that she could feel her pussy pulsing, begging to be released. The bulge in her stockings grew more pronounced with each passing second, the fabric straining against her distended bladder. She was acutely aware of the camera angle and the fact that their viewers couldn't see below the desk. Rachel hoped it would be enough to keep her secret hidden.

The final blow was struck, and the boss's health dropped to zero. The screen erupted in a shower of digital confetti, the sound of victory music filling their ears. Rachel's hand flew to the mouse, clicking frantically to claim their win. The chat exploded with celebration, the 10,000-viewer mark flashing triumphantly on the screen. She let out a sigh of relief, but it was short-lived. The pressure in her bladder was unbearable now, and Rachel knew she couldn't hold on much longer.

Alex stood up abruptly, a small droplet of urine trickling down her bare leg. "I'm gonna go piss now," she announced, stretching out her cramped muscles. Rachel's eyes widened in shock, but she nodded, unable to form words. Alexia's casualness about her predicament only made Rachel's own situation feel more dire. She watched as her friend waddled out of the room.

With a tremble in her hand, Rachel paused the game. She couldn't take it anymore. She stood up, her legs wobbly from the hours of sitting and the pressure in her bladder. Her panties were already drenched, the crotch dark and wet. She looked down at the floor, at the small droplets of Alexia's pee, and felt a strange mix of envy and relief.

With a quick glance at the camera to ensure it was angled just right, Rachel pulled down her shorts and panties, revealing her shaved pussy, glistening with arousal and the beginnings of urine. She squatted over the bed, her cheeks flushing with both embarrassment and the relief that washed over her as the first spurt of piss hit the mattress. It was warm and slightly painful, but the feeling of letting go was incredible. Rachel watched as the clear liquid soaked into the fabric, creating a dark stain that grew rapidly. She felt the tension in her body ease slightly as her bladder emptied.

Her stream of urine grew stronger, and Rachel had to lean back to keep from falling over. The smell grew stronger, mixing with the stale scent of energy drinks and sweat. She bit her lip, trying to ignore the sensation of the warmth spreading down her legs. Rachel's eyes squeezed shut as she peed, the relief so intense that she could almost forget the thousands of viewers watching her.

As the stream began to slow, Rachel felt a strange sense of euphoria, the release of pressure a heady cocktail of relief and shame. She took a deep breath and opened her eyes, looking down at the mess she'd made. The dark stain on the bed was stark against the white sheets, a testament to their marathon gaming session. Rachel's cheeks burned with embarrassment, but she knew she had to keep the show going. She couldn't let the viewers know what had just happened.

Quickly, she pulled her shorts and panties back up, trying to ignore the sticky feeling of the wet fabric against her skin. Rachel took a deep breath and composed herself, sitting back down at the desk. She cleared her throat and leaned into the microphone, her voice a little shaky. "And we've defeated the boss!" she exclaimed, trying to sound as upbeat as possible. "Now, let's take a quick break and then we'll get back to the action."

*006*2025-06-21 05:57

{{On 6/9/2025 at 4:50 AM, zxjdj said:

I really liked this. The detail on your writing adds to the story so much more.

}}

Thank you so much, I'll try to post more frequent, now that my posts have been approved by the mods.

{{On 6/18/2025 at 9:09 PM, AliasnameTO said:

Was 100% waiting for her to make a mistake on where the camera was angled and accidentally be in full view. Love it 😄 One question though: why pee on the bed? As far as cleanup goes that is probably the absolute worst place to do it unless she had a mattress protector on.

}}

Well because the mattress would soak up the piss 😅 not much thought put behind that other than the soaking factor, to be honest 😅

{{On 6/19/2025 at 8:23 PM, Clovuurr said:

Probably so it would make a sound? That's the only explanation I could think of

}}

Yeah that, and because the mattress would soak up really nice

