The Surrogate Baby

Author: writeandleft

*017*2013-06-27 21:42

CHAPTER ELEVEN: THE WEEKEND

By the third movie, I was started to nod off. There are only so many ways that you can present the same love triangle and keep the audience interested, especially if the girl in question is a flake.

I was already wet before the first movie, but at the end of the third I was ready to leak. I didn’t really know how to get Lillie’s attention, so raptured by the movie she was, but I had to do something. I was sitting beside her on the couch, so I turned and squeezed a bit closer to her so my diaper was right up against her and put my head on the arm of the couch.

She put her hand on my hip to push me away, and that squeezed a bit of pee out. “Eww,” she said. She got up and pulled me off the couch. There was a wet spot the size of a quarter on the leg of her jeans and there was a larger spot on the couch. “Let’s get you changed,” she said. She grabbed the remote and hit pause and then took me by the hand to the bedroom.

As we walked up the stairs to the bedroom, pee leaked out with each step. None got on the carpet, but wet drops were running down my legs. Violet never let it get this bad, but I could talk to Violet and I couldn’t talk to Lillie.

She laid me on the floor and started to change me. She opened the diaper and looked inside. “Well, I’m glad you can’t talk,” she said. “It’s my own fault I let you get this wet.” She took a baby wipe and started to clean me. “I hope I didn’t let you sit it your wet diaper long enough to get a rash.” She continued to clean me and then she got some Desitin and started to smear it on me. She smeared the stuff everywhere and rubbed it in a little too thoroughly. Violet always brushed it on lightly with a baby wipe. Lillie used her fingers. I had to close my eyes and concentrate to sit still and not squirm from the stimulation until she finally finished.

Her hands were white and she tried to wipe them on a babywipe but it really didn’t wipe it completely off. She then closed my diaper and sat me up. “Well it is time to get ready for bed anyway,” she said. “Let’s go to the bathroom and get our teeth brushed.”

I followed her and then she sat me on the closed toilet seat while she scrubbed her hands. It took her about five minutes and then she returned her attention to me.

“So Beth,” she said, “will you be good for me while I brush your teeth?” She picked up my toothbrush and put some toothpaste on it and ran some water on the toothpaste.

I guessed she intended on brushing my teeth for me. Violet never did that, but it made sense that if I was really an idiot after getting my head bashed in, I would need some help in that area. I opened up my mouth and let her.

It’s a weird feeling when someone is helping you brush your teeth and I really didn’t like it. She held my head immobile with her left hand and brushed with the right. She stopped from time to time to let me spit, but I gagged when she went too far back with the tooth brush. Finally that ordeal was over and any chance of the bad mood I was in from that humiliating tortuous night was over.

“Well, I’ll put you to bed,” she said. She led me into the guest bedroom and then physically tucked me in bed. She then took out a book. “You want a story?”

I was in a panic. I didn’t want to have to read another sparkly vampire book. I gave a yawn, but it didn’t do me any good. She started to read.

About the second paragraph, I was beginning to like the story. Not a sparkly vampire in sight. I glanced over at the cover. Suzanne Collins, a different author. She read me the entire first chapter and then stopped. The worst part was, it was a cliffhanger chapter and I was hooked. She took the book with her, left the nightstand lamp on and left the room.

I did wonder what happened in the book, but I was too exhausted from my ordeal to sneak out and get the book to finish. Instead I turned off the lamp, rolled over, and tried to go to sleep.

All I did was toss and turn. The bed was comfortable enough, but I had to lay in the center and I felt like I was going to fall out. I shouldn’t have. I slept in a full bed before and even shared it with Peter. In college I slept in a twin bed. However since I lived with Violet, I had slept in that crib. I slept on my side in an almost fetal position, and liked the padding of the crib bumper against my butt. There was no comfort and safety of the crib railings either.

The bed had clearance on both sides, and I did not like that. When I slept in Peter’s bed, my side was against the wall and I had that safety. My dormroom bed, and even my childhood bed was against the wall as well and I slept with my back to the wall then too. I did not like this situation and all I did was toss and turn.

I realized that I was stupid. I was an adult and not a baby, despite how I was treated and despite the fact that I was reduced to peeing and pooping myself in diapers and up until today, sleeping in a crib. I was beginning to think something was wrong with me.

I rolled onto my back and flooded my diaper and then rolled back to my side. I thought back to how Peter treated me, even though I was a dream of lots of guys. Back then, I dressed like a stripper in lacy negligees or teddies. However when I didn’t live up to Peter’s ideal or he was just in a bad mood, I was his punching bag. As Violet’s baby, I was treated gently. Even when I was being bad, like with my temper tantrum on the way home from Mrs. Luther’s house after the first time I messed my diaper, or even by disrupting Lillie’s makeout session with her boyfriend, I was never beaten.

Allowing myself to be treated like a baby made Violet happy and even though Jeff was embarrassed by the whole diaper thing, he was gentle to me since I was in diapers.

I tossed and turned until the clock on the wall said 3:30 and somehow fell asleep.

###

Morning came. Usually the sun shining through the curtains woke me. It was easy to get up early when I was put to bed before eight, but I didn’t get put in bed until after twelve. This morning, I woke as Lillie shook me awake.

“Time to get up sleepyhead,” she said. She pulled me to a sitting position on the edge of the bed and then brushed her hand against the sheets where I had been lying. “Ah good, no leaks. Now let’s get you a bath so we can go to the mall.”

I groaned inwardly. I didn’t want to go to the mall. I was going to report her to Violet for this though. I let her get me up and pull me by the hand to the bathroom where she stripped me naked and lowered me into the tub. I frowned, but I really had no choice. For one, I couldn’t say anything, and secondly, I needed a bath to wash the pee off me. As safe as a wet diaper made me feel, I hated the feeling after sitting in it for hours.

The soapy water relaxed my muscles since they were so tense from sleeping in an unfamiliar bed. I lay back in the water and let Lillie do all the work of cleaning me. After the bath, though, Lillie took me to the guest room where she dressed me. I was diapered and then she went to my closet and looked through my clothes. She chose a pink denim skirt and a yellow t-shirt.

I frowned when I saw her selections and noticed she didn’t choose stockings to go with the skirt. I had no choice but to let her dress me like that. She dressed me in the skirt and the t-shirt and I looked in the mirror with horror as I noticed the skirt only came down to mid thigh. I would have to be extremely careful if I didn’t want my diaper to show and being careful wasn’t exactly what a mentally disabled girl normally did. I could pull something like this outfit off if I were wearing panties and be confident of not flashing them, but the skirt hung a bit different with a diaper on. I tried to make the best of it though.

We went out to the car and I got in the passenger seat where she strapped me in. She then drove to the mall, or so I thought. Instead of the mall we stopped at the medical supply store where I first got my diapers. Lillie guided me inside.

When we got inside, I looked around. There was still the whole warehouse feel to the place. Shelves went clear to the ceiling. There were still the creepy endcap displays of weird medical devices, but that wasn’t the worse part.

Carlos, the worker that I had a crush on, was there. He smiled at me when he saw me. “How are you doing, Beth? Can you talk now?”

My knees felt weak and I wanted to fall into his arms. I couldn’t do that, but I did look at him and smile.

“Well, you look like you’re making progress. I didn’t get a smile last time.”

Lillie ruined the reunion. “I need to get some adult diapers. There should be an account under the name Violet Green that you can charge to.”

Carlos tapped a few keys. “Yes, I see it. What kind of adult diapers do you need? We have over twenty varieties.”

“I don’t know.” She pulled my skirt up, flashing my diaper at Carlos. “This kind.”

I pushed my skirt down. “Hey,” I said offended that Lillie showed off my diaper to a hunk like Carlos.

Carlos and Lillie stared at me. Carlos came from around the counter and took my hand. “Did you just talk, Beth?”

I had blown my cover.

*019*2013-06-28 14:38

CHAPTER TWELVE: I’M GETTING BETTER

My cover was blown because I reacted to Lillie exposing my diaper. I didn’t know what to do. I thought about trying to explain why I was in this situation, but how would I tell a hunk like Carlos that I allowed myself to be regressed and babied to make Violet feel better. Well, I was threatened last time Carlos saw me, but he didn’t need to know that.

He held both my hands in his and I just wanted to melt. I wanted to explain, but I knew whatever I said, he would probably think I was a freak. “Beth, it’s okay to talk. Go ahead.”

I didn’t say anything but just stared into his eyes as I wet my pants. I had to pee since I woke up, but didn’t have a chance before Lillie had me dressed and I had even considered wetting in the car. The shock of being discovered made me relax my bladder.

“Is she getting better?” asked Lillie.

“I don’t know,” Carlos said. “You need to tell Violet that she talked, so she can tell Beth’s doctor. The brain is funny. She could fully recover or only relearn bits and pieces.”

“Well that will be nice if she recovers. I have been reading books to her,” said Lillie. She was obviously trying to take credit for the word I let slip out and I was afraid the vampire fiction would continue, but it was possible that she had shifted to the Hunger Games series since I had taken in all the Twilight stuff she had forced me to watch.

“Reading to her might be nice,” said Carlos. “Now let’s get Beth her diapers. Do you have her diaper bag?” He gently patted my head. “I think it distressed her when you raised her skirt in front of me. Maybe we can look in there for a spare diaper.”

Lillie left me in the care of Carlos and went to the car for my diaper bag. I was so embarrassed that I almost completely missed the fact that I had gotten away with my slipped word. However, I would be expected to start to get a little better. I was also glad that Carlos tried to spare my feelings by keeping me from being exposed. However, I would soon be embarrassed again.

Lillie came back with my diaper bag in hand. She looked at Carlos and frowned. “I think I put her last diaper on her this morning. I don’t have any extra to show you.”

I wanted to shake my head or run out of there. I just put my hands at my sides and held my skirt down. Carlos smiled at me and put one hand on my shoulder. “I don’t have to see your diaper Beth. I can get Lillie to help us out.”

“She won’t know the difference if you just take a peek?” said Lillie. She reached for the hem of my skirt, but Carlos stopped her.

He opened a cupboard and pulled out a few varieties of adult diapers. I never knew there were so many. He then asked Lillie to identify the one I was wearing.

She looked the diapers over and pointed to one. “I didn’t know they made purple adult diapers.” She sighed and then shrugged. “Hers are white, but you have a lot of white diapers here. I just know hers are peach on the inside.”

“Oh, you must mean these.” He handed her an ATN diaper like the one I had on. Again I didn’t dare ask what ATN stood for. He opened it up for her to see the peach color on the inside.

“Those are them,” she said, “although I kind of wish we could try the purple ones on her.”

“Well, they kind of cost more,” he said.

“Well let’s get a case of her regular diapers and put it on Violet’s account. I will just give you the money for a pack of the purple diapers.” She smiled. “If Violet likes these, she may want to switch her.”

Carlos rang up the sale. I smiled at him and he smiled back at me. My heart beat heavily in my chest and I imagined myself in his arms. He was so gentle to me so far and I really liked him.

Of course that was because I was in diapers. I made too many mistakes in relationships to be able to do my part. I never measured up to Peter’s standards. Besides, the point was moot. I was standing in a wet diaper and he knew I was diapered, so I probably didn’t even show up on his radar for potential dates.

He carried the diapers to Lillie’s car and I walked out after him, my hand tightly held by Lillie.

After saying goodbye, Lillie buckled me into the passenger seat and we were off to the mall. If I knew how embarrassing this mall visit was going to be, I would have thrown a fit until Lillie took me home, not that it would have done me any good.

###

The two of us entered the mall by the food court and Lillie sat me down for a snack. Of course she went straight for McDonalds. I sat in the chair in front a big diaper bag at my place at the table and brooded while she ordered. I thought about wandering off and enjoying the mall by myself, while she ran around panicked and looking for me, but I was really wet and after the events at the medical supply store, it would cause suspicion when I was found if I took the diaper bag with me, or better yet, changed out of the diaper in the bathroom and went without any underwear.

Lillie returned later with two happy meals. She put a four piece McNuggets and a small fry in front of me and put her own McNuggets and fries in front of her. She peeled open some sweet and sour sauce and started to eat.

I grabbed a ketchup packet so I could eat my fries, and she snatched it away from me. “No, Beth,” she said, “you’ll make a mess. Let me do it for you.” She opened the ketchup and squeezed it into the lid of my McNuggets box.

Hiding my mental capabilities was starting to be a pain in the ass and in more ways than one. My rashy butt from her last late change was still bothering me and being wet didn’t help. However, all I could do was sit there and eat my food. I noticed that McNuggets do not taste good without sauce. Ketchup didn’t make them taste much better.

The sign on the McDonalds had an advertisement for the next toy and I was excited that they had Star Wars light sabers, but when I reached in the bag for toy, it was only a Build a Bear stuffed bear. Why did Lillie have to get the girl’s toy when there was Star Wars? At least Lillie didn’t try to wrest that from me. I tucked the unopened toy in the pocket of my diaper bag, determined to exchange it for a light saber at the first opportunity I could get away.

We ate the meal and then Lillie opened her bear toy and played with it in front of me. She looked in my bag and frowned when she didn’t see it, but she only shrugged. She made the bear dance and looked at me.

“Why aren’t you smiling? You smiled for Carlos. Can’t you smile for me?” She danced the bear in front of me and started singing a little tune.

I finally gave in and smiled because if I didn’t, I think we would have sat there all day. We finally got up and as I stood I allowed myself to pee again. However, I stopped as soon as I felt how saturated the diaper was. If I had wet any more, I think I would have leaked right in the middle of the food court. I took her hand and pulled her toward the bathroom.

“Wait,” said Lillie. “The stores are this way.” She sighed. “Well now that we are by the bathrooms, I kind of got to pee. You are lucky you don’t have to deal with that anymore.”

I wanted to scream. How could a baby sitter who knew I was in diapers be so dense as to not know to check my diaper? Still oblivious to my need for a change, she pulled me into a stall and used the toilet. It was too much. I grabbed the back of my skirt, and made sure it wouldn’t get pee on it when I leaked into my diapers and I just relaxed and further wet my diaper.

Pretty soon, a few drops of pee escaped the leak barriers and ran down my legs, making a tiny yellow puddle between my feet.

She gasped and pulled up my skirt to my chest. “Don’t worry. I’ll change you as soon as I am done. The only time I babysat someone who was still in diapers, they cried when they were wet. You don’t really do that. I wonder how Violet knows when you are wet.”

She finished using the toilet, and then got cleaned up and dressed. She then took me by the hand to the baby change table and tried to get me to get up on it. Giving up, she took me to the stall and ripped my diaper off me. She frowned when she saw my rash was worse, but she didn’t bother to do much about my skin except wipe me with baby wipes. She then opened out a diaper and tried to change me standing up. It took forever, and when she finished, my diaper was high in the front and low in the back and it was also on crooked. However, I had peed already and knew I could hold it long enough to make it home soon.

Soon we left the bathroom and went out into the mall. There were a lot of stores that Lillie just ignored. She didn’t take me into the book store or even the video game store. We only stopped at Abercrombie and Hollister before stopping at Hot Topic. She didn’t buy anything, but she tried on nine outfits in Hollister. However, the clerk at Abercrombie wouldn’t let us go in the fitting room together, so we had to leave. That left us at Hot Topic.

I used to like Hot Topic. Aside from my grunge attire from thrift stores, I liked to wear vintage or insulting t-shirts. Hot Topic had that kind of stuff. However, Hot Topic had changed. There were a whole lot of Twilight shirts. Of course Lillie squeed when she saw each one. She grabbed a shirt that said, “I drive like a Cullen,” and another that had a picture of Edward on it and went to the checkout stand. “Hi,” she said. She actually winked at the clerk.

He smiled back. “Hi, Lillie.”

I looked at the clerk again. It was Lillie’s boyfriend Brian.

“I kind of missed you last night,” she said. “I had to sleep in Jeff and Violet’s king size bed and it was too much bed for me by myself.”

He looked at me. “Well, I was kind of grossed out. I almost gagged.”

“Well you didn’t have to change her,” she said. “I threw up for over twenty minutes. Believe me, I took a shower and changed clothes right away.”

“So what brings you here?” he asked.

“I need these t-shirts,” she answered. She put the shirts on the counter.

“New policy. We can’t check out family or friends.” He turned to another clerk. “Jazz, can you please ring up my girlfriend?”

Jazz had closely cropped pink hair. Her hair was even shorter than Brian’s. Actually, besides being pink, her hair looked the same as mine. She had metal all over her face. There were about five pairs of earrings, a nose ring, an eyebrow ring, and even a ring where her cheekbone was. She took the Twilight shirts and rang them up. “That will be $43.29.”

Lillie handed her money and then took the bag from Jazz. “Thanks,” she muttered.

“Are you one of those Twi-hards too,” she asked me.

I almost shook my head. However, I caught myself in time. Brian spoke up. “She’s the handicapped girl that Lillie is watching this weekend. I told you about what happened.”

“Oh, her,” she said. “Brian, if you weren’t so allergic to responsibility, you would make it far in this world. You held yourself back.” She flashed a smile at Lillie. “I got to keep cracking the whip all the time when I am working with him. Now Brian has a lot of work to do without a girlfriend to distract him.”

Lillie frowned, probably because Jazz dismissed her. We walked out the door together. Lillie clutched the diaper bag strap against her shoulder and held her bag with her purchases in the other hand. I just followed. I was humiliated. Did everyone we ran into today have to know I was diapered. She gave me a tug and I felt a tape pop on my diaper. That was all I needed. If I peed, I would leak, and I was grateful I had peed everything out less than an hour ago on the bathroom floor.

“Well, I’m ready to leave,” she said. “Let’s go back to the car and I will take you home.”

At least it was over. Hopefully we could sit around at home until Violet and Jeff returned. However, we barely got across the mall when a hand shoved me at my shoulder. “Beth, you bitch.”

*021*2013-06-30 04:37

CHAPTER THIRTEEN: THE ROOMMATE

I looked up at the girl who called me out. “Sylvia--,” I started and immediately shut up before blowing my cover again. I usually answered, “Sylvia, you slut,” when I greeted my former college roommate, but I couldn’t this time. Besides, I didn’t want Sylvia to see me and know what I was doing. She was my best friend and I was afraid she would think I was a weirdo. I couldn’t just stand their quietly, but I couldn’t talk in front of Lillie.

Lillie however pulled me behind her and stood between me and Sylvia. “Who are you calling a bitch, bitch? Don’t you know better than to make fun of disabled people?” She made fists and shook them at Sylvia like she was going to fight.

“Relax,” said Sylvia. “Beth’s my friend.” She looked back at me. “I hardly recognized you. You cut your hair.”

I smiled weakly. I hoped my hair was all she noticed.

Lillie lowered her fists a bit, but she wasn’t done talking. “Beth can’t talk to you,” she said.

She looked at me again. “Are you still mad at me about that argument we had? That was two years ago.”

As roommates we got along all the time, except when it came to Peter. Sylvia hated Peter. She always told me he was bad news. When I moved out of the dorm to move in with Peter she was livid. She screamed and yelled at me and she wouldn’t even help me pack. “He already gave you a black eye once,” she had said. “He’s going to keep hitting you. Please don’t move in with him.” I had slammed the door in her face.

“You don’t understand,” said Lillie. “Beth can’t talk to anyone. She fell off a balcony at her sorority and hit her head. She suffered brain damage.”

“Beth wasn’t in a sorority.” She looked at me. “Peter did this to you, didn’t he? I’m not letting you go back to him.”

“Who’s Peter?” asked Lillie.

“And who are you?”

“I’m taking care of Beth while her aunt and uncle are out of town.”

My story was falling apart. Why couldn’t Sylvia be quiet? Next she would probably say that I had no aunts or uncles. I had to do something and that meant breaking my silence. Lillie, was there, so I would have to break my silence silently. Fortunately, Sylvia was deaf, and even though she was good at reading lips, I tried to learn sign language to be able to talk to her. <Shut up or you’ll blow my cover,> I signed.

Sylvia stared at me and shrugged.

<Long story. I’m going to give you a hug. Just slip you number in my pocket and I will explain everything tonight.> I moved forward and gave her a hug. She hugged me back, and then I felt her hand brush my butt. There was a slight crinkle and she got a confused expression on her face. I didn’t want her to know about the diapers.

However, before I could say or do anything, Lillie took my hand.

“I got to take her home.” She squeezed my hand for emphasis.

“She’s not still living with Peter, is she?” asked Sylvia.

“I don’t know any Peter,” Lillie answered. “I don’t like you either.” As she pulled away, I reached into my back pocket with my free hand and pulled out a business card with Sylvia’s number. I put it back in my pocket knowing I would have to call her that night and I would have to do it after Lillie went to bed.

*022*2013-06-30 13:37

CHAPTER FOURTEEN: I KNOW IT’S GROSS

When Lilly finally got me home, my diaper was wet. It wasn’t too wet, but I really had to pee and I was afraid I would leak through the diaper that she had so poorly put me into.

She took me inside and immediately laid me on the living room floor. I lay down there as she took my diaper and got everything laid out for my change. She lifted my skirt up and then undid the diaper. “Oh, I wish I could have changed you sooner, Beth. Your rash is a bit worse.”

I could only just lay there as she changed me although I wanted to dress her down for how bad a job she did at babysitting me. However, she didn’t suspect a thing, although I thought she would have to be really stupid to think I wasn’t faking it.

She began to rub the rash cream on my diaper area and I had to grit my teeth in order to not cry out. I am definitely not into girls, but it takes a lot of control not to squirm when being rubbed down there. I wondered how she could be oblivious to that fact, but I really needed diaper rash cream today, and then soon it was over. “There,” she said and closed and taped my diaper. I sat up and crawled over to the couch and took my seat. She turned on the TV for me and left it on the Cartoon Network, which gave me a chance to relax for the first time that day. I didn’t even notice when she went to her car until I saw the cases of diapers in the living room. A lone pack of purple Molicare diapers sat on top of the cases of my regular diapers.

I wondered how long it would be until Lillie tried one of the purple diapers on me. She was excited about them the first time she saw them and I knew it would be a matter of time. However, they just sat there ignored as we sat together on the couch and watched movies. Thankfully they weren’t Twilight, but they weren’t movies I would have chosen.

After the last movie, Lilly looked at her cell phone. “It’s already nine,” she said. “How about I get you to bed? I’m a bit tired, so I’ll be going to bed myself too.”

I let her lead me to the guest room where I lay on the floor for my diaper change. Once in a clean diaper, she tucked me in and read another chapter of the story she had read me the night before. I listened with rapt attention and by the end of the second chapter; I realized that I wanted to know what happened next. However, it was soon over and she flipped on the baby monitor and left me lying in bed.

I lay very still while I listened and it seemed like Lillie was in Violet’s bedroom. It was my chance now. Slowly and quietly, I crept to the door, but then I remembered that the door made sounds when it opened and I glance back at the baby monitor. That was going to be a problem unless... My eyes followed the power cord to where it was plugged into the wall. I merely had to pull the plug and now I could make noises. I opened my closet and went through the laundry and got Sylvia’s card. I then opened the door and then crept down the hall. Sure enough, there was a light under the door to Jeff and Violets room and I could hear the shower running in the master bathroom. I was safe.

I went down the stairs and then saw my book on the end table. I scooped it up and went into Jeff’s office. The office was surrounded by book cases on all the walls. A love seat sat in the center of the room. A desk was in front of the couch. It was a strange arrangement, but I guess Jeff just liked to be comfortable when working or reading. I sat in the loveseat and opened the center desk drawer. Inside was a plain flipphone. Nothing was special about it, but it could dial a number. I grabbed the card which I tucked into the waistband of my diaper and dialed Sylvia’s number.

It rang and then I heard someone answer. “Hey Sylvia, you slut,” I said.

“Hold on,” said Sylvia. “I can’t hear anything. I got to turn on my cochlear implant.” There was no talking but I could hear movement. Finally she spoke. “Hi Beth. Now you got to tell me what is going on with you.”

“Well, it’s kind of a long story,” I said. As an afterthought, I added, “You can hear me? I suppose I could text.”

“I can hear you,” she said. “My implant’s behaving so far.”

“Good,” I said. I didn’t know how much I wanted to tell her but I really wanted to stall.

“Beth, I haven’t seen you in forever. I barely recognized you with your hair cut so short and you were wearing way different clothes. You stopped dying it black. What happened to the grunge look?”

“Peter threw all that stuff away,” I said.

If she had grown up hearing, she probably would have said, “Beth,” in a scolding tone. “You probably let him change who you are. I’m surprised he didn’t have you dressed like a stripper.”

“Well,” I said.

“Well, what?”

“Well, I only was allowed to wear lingerie when I lived with Peter. However I don’t live with Peter anymore.”

“Who are you living with now? And who was that strange girl?”

“Well, I live with a nice couple now. No one hits me anymore.”

“Well I’m glad you are not getting beaten,” said Sylvia. “I wonder why you let Peter do that to you. How badly did he hurt you? That girl said you were brain damaged.”

“Two broken arms and a bad cut to the head,” I said. “I know, but Peter was really drunk and he found out I was going to leave. He then stole the car my mother gave me to escape him and he totaled it and got himself killed.”

“Peter’s dead?” she asked.

“Yes,” I said.

“I’m glad he died,” said Sylvia. “So how did you move in with this couple?”

“Well I met them in court. Peter managed to run into the woman and she had a miscarriage. I lost in court and have to pay her restitution, but I didn’t have a job or money, so I just work for her.”

“What do you do for her, Beth?”

“Well,” I started. I didn’t want to tell her about the diapers and playing baby.

“That story doesn’t make sense,” said Sylvia. “What do you do for her? You got to do something besides go shopping with that silly teenager then.”

I thought for a minute. “Okay, I’ll tell you, but you got to promise not to laugh at me or condemn me.”

“Beth, I promise.”

“Okay,” I said. “I’m Violet’s baby.”

“What do you mean that you are Violet’s baby?”

“Violet was depressed after her miscarriage and I let her care for me as if I was a baby. I sleep in a crib and she dresses me and takes care of me. It makes her feel better.”

“Is that why you were wearing a diaper?” asked Sylvia.

“What?” I asked. I was definitely going to deny that. “I was not.”

“I felt it through your skirt when I passed you the note,” she said.

“Fine,” I said. “Violet makes me wear diapers. I am her baby.”

“Beth, you know that is kind of gross. Do you have to use them?”

“I know it’s gross, but it’s not so bad unless I have to go number two.”

“Beth, it’s wrong how you are being treated. I am driving to where you are at and picking you up.”

“No, you promised not to condemn. Besides, if I don’t work for Violet, I have to find another way to earn the money for restitution. I don’t really have a work history for the last two years, so getting a job will be difficult. Otherwise, I will go to jail. I am kind of enjoying not being beaten.”

“Beth, you shouldn’t have to be humiliated. That teenager was dragging you around the mall in a diaper and telling me, a complete stranger to her, that you were brain damaged.”

“Well, that wasn’t planned. My cover is that I fell off a balcony at my sorority house and suffered brain damage, so I have the mind of a toddler and need to wear diapers. When Jeff and Violet were going on their anniversary this weekend, Lillie’s aunt gave them Lillie’s services as a baby sitter. She is behaving rather irresponsibly, but she thinks I can’t talk. Jeff and Violet were originally going to give me run of the house, but they couldn’t turn down an offer of a babysitter, because who would leave a girl with the mind of a toddler by herself?”

“Beth, slow down. My implant can’t process when you are talking so fast.”

“Sorry.” I slowly explained to her Lillie’s role and she did seem satisfied.

“Still, I don’t like this situation,” she said. “You shouldn’t have to give up using the toilet. That is kind of gross.”

“I know it is gross, but I don’t really mind. No one hits babies in diapers and no one has hit me since I started wearing them.”

“Beth, I care about you,” said Sylvia. “You don’t need to live like that. I have a great job and a two bedroom apartment by the university. You can move in with me rent free while you finish your degree and you won’t have to live like this.”

“I can’t,” I said. “My probation won’t let me.”

“Well, I want to talk to you again Beth,” said Sylvia.

Suddenly I heard a sound out in the living room. “Beth, where are you?” called Lillie.

“I got to go. Call you back later.” I folded the phone and stuck it in the desk draw just as Lillie walked in.

“Oh there you are, Beth. I was worried when I found you weren’t in bed. The baby monitor wasn’t working. Besides, you aren’t supposed to be in here.” She took my hand and led me back into the guest bedroom. As we passed my new diapers I noticed the bag of purple diapers was missing.

*023*2013-07-01 13:26

CHAPTER FIFTEEN: I WANT MY MOMMY

It was Sunday. Lillie slept most of the morning, but she came in my room around eleven to get me a bath. I heard her walking down the hall and immediately tried to wet. However I didn’t have to go as I was already wet. I didn’t usually wake up in a wet diaper and I didn’t remember wetting since my last diaper change the night before. I shrugged and let Lillie help me out of the bed and then walked with her to the bathroom.

She pulled the wet diaper off of me and then sat me down in the tub. She then handed me a toy boat and she began to scrub me as if I were a baby. Of course she wasn’t as gentle as Violet. If anything, she scrubbed me too hard and she paid a little more attention than was necessary to my diaper area. “That rash is starting to heal,” she said as she scrubbed my bottom. “Still, I want it to be gone before Jeff and Violet return tomorrow night.”

Tomorrow night? They were supposed to be gone only for the weekend. Was it a three-day weekend? I tried to think about the date, but I couldn’t remember. I had spent quite a while with Jeff and Violet but I didn’t know how much of my probation was left. I thought I had been with Violet for a few months, long enough to get used to the diapers, but I haven’t thought it’d been long enough for me to forget the date. I wondered how much time I had left and then what I would do when I no longer have to wear diapers and live with Jeff and Violet.

“Beth, let’s get you nice and dry, and I will put you in a nice clean diaper.” She smiled at me and helped me up out of the bath. The towel she dried me with was nice and fluffy and in no time she dried me and put the towel on the floor for me to lie on while she got me in a fresh diaper.

“I’m going to try one of these purple diapers on you. They feel really soft and you can wet two or three times before you need to be changed.” She unfolded the diaper and put it under me and then rubbed Desitin and powder on me. I tried my best to keep from squirming as she rubbed it into me, but I couldn’t help myself.

“Stop wiggling,” she said. “I got to get this cream on you or Violet will think I’m not keeping good care of you.” At least she didn’t realize I was getting turned on. I closed my eyes until it was over.

“Now I am going to powder you.” She shook baby powder on me and then closed my diaper. Then she frowned and looked at her hands. “Ick,” she said. She stood up and began to scrub her hands in the sink. “This stuff is really sticky.” She scrubbed for about five minutes while I lay on my back with an untaped diaper under me.

Finally when she was done, she knelt down and taped up the four tapes. “There, all done.” She pulled me to my feet and we went down stairs to the living room. She sat me in front of the TV and then turned it on to a children’s channel. She and I sat together and watched TV for a little bit. The show was Rugrats. Did she think I was an actual baby instead of some poor unfortunate college girl? I rolled my eyes at such a juvenile TV show. However, Lillie was giggling at every joke. It was really ridiculous.

After the show ended, she got up and went up to Violet’s room. I grabbed the remote and flipped thought the channels until I found a western. My father had always watched westerns on Sunday afternoons, so I knew them all. It was one of my favorites. I really liked Clint Eastwood a lot. I sat on the couch and relaxed, wetting my diaper whenever I had to go.

Lillie left me alone for over two hours. At the last two thirds of the movie, the North and the South shot cannons at each other while trying take over a bridge. Lille called down to me. “Beth, are you all right?” I turned the volume down lower but then I heard Lillie shuffling around upstairs.

I thought nothing of it and just continued watching the movie. It was toward the end and the heroes had crossed the bridge to get the gold. However, Lillie stormed down the stairs after about five minutes and she wasn’t too happy.

She took the remote from my hand. “Don’t play with the remote Beth. You’ll miss your show.” She turned the station back to the children’s channel and pointed me toward the TV. “I was all comfortable. Just relax.”

I sat there and watched a kid’s show about a talking train. I hate anthropomorphic vehicles. They just bother me. It was all I could stand to watch Knight Rider reruns. At least Kitt didn’t have a face. Thomas and Percy did. If Lillie wasn’t there I would have turned the channel to see whether Blondie, Tuco, or Angel Eyes ended up with the gold. Instead I was stuck watching talking trains.

After the train show, Lillie made an actual attempt to cook for me. She actually found a can of Spaghettios. Violet might feed me baby food, but that was because it helped her cope with her miscarriage. Lillie, was just a lazy teenager who was given a task beyond her abilities. Unless actual kids lived on Spaghettios, tomato soup, Mac and Cheese, and cheese sandwiches. That was all she cooked for my meals. In the mall I had to eat a Happy meal. When she was done cooking, she came out of the kitchen and took me by the hand and steered me toward my place at the table. She shoved a bowl in front of me.

“Now this is messy, so let me help you,” she said. She took one of my bibs and tied it around my neck. I can’t believe that Violet showed her the bibs, but I suppose that a brain damaged adult would need a bib. She then took the spoon and fed me. I tried my best to cooperate, but ended up with tomato sauce on both my face and my bib. I really was a baby. I relaxed and allowed myself to wet my diaper.

Lillie looked down at my crotch and then stuck a finger in the leg.

I jumped.

“You sure are wet. Let’s finish dinner and we can get you changed.”

I looked at her for an instant, thinking that she was going to feed me with the same hand that touched my peed in diaper, but she got up and rinsed her hands in the sink. I finished the last of my food.

When she changed me, she put me in my normal diapers. Apparently the purple diapers were not good enough. They were thicker and kept me dryer than the ATN diapers and I might ask Violet about them, but Lillie must not have liked them since she gave up after me using only one diaper. At least I was clean.

###

The weekend with Lillie was long. Monday included a picnic in the park, fortunately without a public diaper change. In the late afternoon we returned to the house. Upon entering, I was immediately sat in front of the TV and then Lillie disappeared.

I had no idea what Lillie was doing, but she was running around the whole house. She ran down stairs twice to get grocery bags and then I saw her running around the house. I got up and went upstairs and saw her go to Violet’s room, so I just went into the guest room and sat on the bed.

I smiled when Lillie came into the room with a grocery bag full of diapers. She started feeding them into the diaper genie. She didn’t even notice me sitting on the bed. I thought it strange that more than one of the used diapers were purple, but maybe she didn’t use more purple diapers on me because they were damaged easily. She loaded the diapers in the genie and then turned around and saw me sitting there.

She jumped when she saw me. “Beth, you scared me.” Her face turned pink. “I was just throwing your dirty diapers away.” She opened the diaper genie and threw the whole chain of diapers in a garbage bag. She then walked around the house gathering all the household trash. Afterwards, she went into Violet’s room again and shuffled through a bunch of stuff. She walked out with her bag in her right hand and the half bag of purple diapers. Was she throwing them out as worthless? I ran to the other room and looked out the window. She put the diapers in the trunk of her car along with her overnight bag.

I shrugged. She did pay for the things herself. She was certainly free to take the unused ones home with her, but I didn’t know what she planned on doing with them. I don’t know how half of them were soiled. I really didn’t look every time she changed me. Maybe I had worn them, but I didn’t think I had wet five of them. I returned to the living room and sat on the floor and played with toys until she returned from the car.

The second she returned from the car she checked my diaper. “I hope you’re not too rashy,” she said. “I don’t want Violet thinking I didn’t take care of you.”

I ignored her and continued to pretend to play with the toys. Lillie, on the other hand, sat on the couch and bounced her leg nervously. She was in a panic. She was worried about how Violet would react to her treatment of me.

I decided I would give Lillie something else to think about when Violet returned. I really had to poop and I was holding it because I didn’t want it to happen someplace embarrassing. I actually didn’t want it to happen at all, but I had learned that pooping in a diaper was inevitable.

I waited until I saw Jeff and Violet’s car driving toward the house and then I pushed the mess in my diaper. I sat and continued stacking the blocks.

Lillie noticed right away and she also noticed that Jeff and Violet just had pulled into the driveway. She got a deer-in-headlights look in her eyes and I knew she wanted me in a clean diaper when Violet entered.

She grabbed me by the arm and pulled me up the stairs to the bathroom. Quickly, she lay me down and opened my diaper and then looked at what she had to deal with.

“Why now, Beth? Couldn’t you have waited just ten more minutes?”

I heard the door open. “We’re home,” said Violet.

“We’re up here,” called Lillie.

Violet and Jeff came up the stairs and then Jeff saw me in my messy and open diaper. He turned away and left.

Lillie frowned and then began to wipe me clean. She closed her eyes and tried not to think about what she was doing as Violet watched her changed me.

“She just pooped now. I was going to make sure she was clean when you came back. Sorry.”

Violet smiled. “It’s not easy to predict that,” she said. “Go on and change her and I will get your babysitting money.”

“Thanks,” said Lillie. She returned to the task of cleaning me. However, she had to go to the toilet a couple times to throw up before she had me wiped clean. She had just finished and had me in a clean diaper when Violet returned.

“Here is your money?” said Violet. “Did you have any expenses?”

“I bought her a Happy Meal,” she said. “That was only $3.79.”

Violet handed her four more dollars.

She put the money in her pocket and then helped me to my feet. Then she helped me with my pants. I went to Violet and put my arms tightly around her waist.

“I guess she really missed you,” said Lillie.

“She hasn’t been away from us since she came here,” said Violet.

“Oh, and she talked.”

Violet looked surprised and then glared at me.

“Yeah, she said a word in the medical supply store. The guy said it was a sign that she might get better. He didn’t guarantee anything though.”

Violet smiled at me. I didn’t blow my cover even though it was an excruciating weekend. “We hope for the best,” said Violet.

###

As soon as Lillie left the house, I looked at Violet. “May I please have a bath?”

“You can wait until bedtime,” said Violet. “I know you messed yourself when you did to make Lillie panic.”

I wondered how Violet knew.

“Besides, what was this about talking?”

“I’m sorry. She put me in a skirt and took me to the medical supply store to get diapers. When Carlos asked her what kind of diapers I wore, she flipped up my skirt and showed him. I just accidently said, ‘Hey.’” I rolled my eyes. “She wasn’t exactly discrete about my condition.”

“Be careful about your cover in case we need to hire Lillie as a babysitter again.”

“No way,” I said. “Anyone but her.”

“Was she that bad?”

I told her everything.

“Well, go relax and I will make dinner.”

I left the room and went down to Jeff’s office to retrieve my book and get the ending read. When I entered, Jeff was sitting on the couch behind the desk.

“I’m sorry you had to see me as disgusting as I was,” I said.

“What?”

“During my diaper change.”

“It was just awkward. I didn’t mean to see anything.”

I picked up the book and sat in one of the chairs. Quickly, I found my place in the book. “So how was the weekend away with Violet?”

“It was great. We went to St. Louis and saw the arch and then we stayed in a beautiful hotel room.”

“Cool,” I said. I had never had anyone take me somewhere exciting. Peter never took me anywhere. I sat in the chair and read my book and then selected another one. “Is Violet getting a bit better?”

“I think so,” he said. “Your willingness to put up with the way she treats you sure helps. I really don’t think it’s healthy for you though. Do you really want this treatment?”

“Like you said, it helps Violet.” I smiled. “It’s only for two years.”

“Your probation is for two years,” said Jeff. “The court never said you had to stay with us the whole time.”

I thought about how Jeff and Violet never beat me. “I like staying with you guys,” I said.

“We like having you, Beth. Now go read in the living room. I need to catch up on the mail.”

I left the office and went to sit on the living room couch where I curled up with my book.

###

I received my much needed bath and was all dressed in my clean diaper and new t-shirt with a picture of the St. Louis arch on it as Violet led me to bed. I walked into the guestroom, but Violet turned my shoulder toward the nursery.

“It’s back to the crib for you, Beth,” said Violet. “I need my baby.”

I smiled. “I actually missed my crib,” I admitted. “I felt like I was going to fall out of that bed. If I am saddled with another babysitter, please push that bed against the wall.”

“I thought we would have an argument,” she said. She took my hand and helped me into the crib. I curled up and let her tuck me in.

“Goodnight Beth. I am glad to have my baby back after my trip.”

“I missed you too, Mommy.” I finally called her Mommy. It took being stuck with Lillie to really appreciate Violet and I enjoyed being taken care of.

Violet looked at me with tears in her eyes. “Calling me Mommy means a lot to me. Thank you.” She turned off my light and closed the door.

I lay in the crib several minutes before closing my eyes to go to sleep. I was once again safe in my crib and I had on a clean diaper. There was nothing else I needed.

Was I really looking forward to leaving so I could use the toilet? Besides having to mess the occasional diaper or eat the occasional jar of baby food, everything was perfect. All I really was missing was friends.
