Meagan & the Gentleman: Giving Thanks

Author: Weasel

*010*2018-05-02 04:22

The conclusion (of Tuesday)! (On a Tuesday, too, at least where I live.)

This is literally the last part I've written, and we've got a few more days to go in Meagan & Parker's epic week. So I can't promise anything more soon, unless I get on a real tear after work tomorrow and write lots.

This one's more about the two of them and their relationship than about the fun parts, but there are still some fun bits too. So: sex alert!

###

Parker thought about it a bit. “Okay, I’ve got an idea.”

“And?”

“I think I’ll keep this one as a surprise,” Parker said. “But I’ll need you to lead me back toward front-campus. Let’s aim for the observatory.”

As they made their way over the trails back out of the woods, Meagan asked, “Isn’t the observatory where you took that Lara chick?”

“Mmmhmm.”

“Oh, I get it. You wanna re-enact that?”

“Not exactly.”

“So you wanna reclaim that.”

“Huh?”

“That experience was pretty intense, yeah? But also kinda painful, afterward? That’s what you told me.”

“I don’t remember saying that as such.”

“Psych major, remember? Plus a decade of practice in reading men, which is not that hard? You may not have said much, but you told me plenty.”

“‘Not that hard,’ huh? I find that offensively truthful!”

“Darn straight. Anyway. Since it was an intense and highly erotic experience you want it to happen again. Since it was a painful experience, you want it to happen again with someone who won’t push you away afterward—namely me.”

“Interesting analysis, doc.”

“Not a doctor yet. That’s another four years of grad school.”

“What’s the term for undergrads, then?”

“Other than ‘undergrad’?”

“…Yeah.”

“‘Major.’ As in ‘Major Meagan.’ Forget it and I’ll make you do push-ups till you rock the earth, Corporal Maggot.”

“Aye aye, cap—I mean, aye aye, major sir!”

“Nice save.”

“Anyway. Interesting analysis. But it just so happens you’re wrong.”

“And you’re not just changing plans because I figured it out.”

“…I might not be.”

She laughed. “Well, whatever your plan may be, lover, I hope it’s quick, because I’m really needing to pee over here.”

“You haven’t been able to hold it as well today, huh?”

“Uh, I didn’t say that! You haven’t asked me to hold it so far. I’ve just been guzzling water hand over fist so I can pump it back out again as piss a few minutes later. My bladder must be so confused.”

“So if I said I wanted you to pee against that tree over there, you’d be happy?”

Meagan shrugged. “I’d definitely feel relieved. I guess happy, if that’s what you really want. Seems like we could do better for our grand finale.”

“I agree.”

“Like re-creating your encounter with Lara, maybe?”

“Maybe, maybe not. What if I asked you to piss your pants?”

“Um, I’d probably call veto on that until we got back to the dorm. A, I don’t want to walk through campus in wet pants, even if it’s break, and B, it’s getting pretty darn cold and that would be super uncomfortable.”

“But you’d do it in the dorm?”

“Sure, if you wanted me to.”

“Huh.”

“Are you interested in that?”

“Kind of? I guess what I really wanted to know was how far my power went…”

“Your ‘power’ goes as far as we negotiated, and so I’m totally fine with anything inside those limits. Having me piss my pants counts—but my veto is in there, too. So who’s got the power, huh? Huh?”

“All you, love. All you.”

They emerged from the woods not far from the observatory. As they walked over to it, Meagan said, “So what did you actually do with Lara that time?”

His adventures with Meagan had overridden the memory to a great extent—being far more satisfying—but Parker found he could call up most of the details quite well, once he looked back on it, and found he was enjoying the recollection. Meagan noticed, and after a fast glance around—the observatory was surrounded by scrub fields and so was technically out in the open, with houses in the distance—she stopped him, kissed him, and stroked his hard-on.

“Well, I don’t think I’m taking off my pants for you a third time, not until we get back to the dorm,” she said. “It’s getting really cold out. I don’t think I’m quite dressed for this. Almost smells like snow.”

“Yeah, you’re right.”

“And I’m also not gonna leak down my leg, because that’s just some weak sauce. Leakage is not my style; I go when I wanna go.”

“You are so badass,” Parker said.

“Are you mocking me?” she growled.

“Only a little. The rest is real.”

“Good. I think. But I can still piss here if you want. Or do you want me to get you off?”

“Nope and nope,” Parker said. “Or I guess not here and not now. But I wanted you to think that you’d get to pee here, ‘cause actually I’m gonna make you wait.”

“Not a problem,” she said, with a challenging look in her eye. “I’ll wait as long as you want me to.”

“But just imagine,” Parker said, relishing turning the tables on her with the “imagine” game. “Just imagine getting to pee right here, right now! Wouldn’t that feel good?”

“Just imagine me giving you a blow job right here, right now. That would feel pretty good too, huh? But it ain’t happening either.”

“Oooh, fighting fire with fire.”

“Technically fighting water with water.”

“…Ewww. Just figured that out.”

“I do like that I’m dating a boy who listens.” She casually crossed her legs, not seeming too stressed just yet. “So—are we just gonna stand around here for a while, or what?”

“Let’s go someplace where you can pee,” Parker said.

“Already?”

“Sure.”

They walked down the hill, headed back toward campus, but they reached the football stadium first. It was, of course, completely empty. The stadium consisted of two sets of steel-and-aluminum bleachers facing each other across a slightly untidy grass field, surrounded by nothing but a waist-high chain-link fence—as their college was not exactly Ohio State when it came to football and fans. The wind was picking up as they reached the gate, and leaves skittered across the concrete driveway and out onto the white lines painted on the field.

“So I know you said no to this earlier,” Parker said, “but if you want to, you could go pee on the 50-yard line.”

Meagan scrunched up her face in consideration, which with her freckles made her look all the cuter. “Hmmmmm…”

“Choose quickly. This is a limited-time offer. If time expires, additional conditions may apply!”

“It sure would be nice to pee. This wind is really making it a lot worse.”

“Too late! Additional conditions now in effect.”

“Let’s hear them.”

“You can still pee on the 50-yard-line, but you have to be completely naked.”

“Fuck no. Maybe at night. In July. But not now.” She grinned evilly. “But you can keep right on imagining that. Picture me squirming helplessly, trying to cover my boobs and grab my crotch since I gotta go that bad but I’m all naked, standing out there on the field on a hot night.” She pantomimed it, then flung a hand to her brow and said, with all appropriate drama, “‘Oh, Parker, it’s so hard. I don’t know what I need more: to get your cock in me or get the piss out of me. I just can’t decide, I’m so desperate for both!’”

“Uh. Wow.”

She kept right on grinning wicked, then kissed him on the cheek. “Thought you’d enjoy that image.”

“I did. …How come you had the southern accent, though?”

“I could be southern if I want to be.”

“Not really how it works.”

“I’m a broke girl from a small town in the Midwest, and in the Midwest, being southern is mostly determined by your paycheck. Especially in Indiana.”

“Okay, fair enough.”

“But anyway. No, I’m not going to strip down and piss on the 50-yard line, no matter how much I hate football… so where can I pee?”

“C’mon.”

Parker led the way up the hill and across the back driveway to a parking lot. “How’d you feel about here?”

The parking lot was almost empty—almost. A couple forlorn cars sat on the far edge, meaning there was zero cover, and a dorm loomed up to one side.

“Do I have to?” Meagan asked, looking a little worried. “I know there probably aren’t any people around, but this is… really exposed. Again, maybe at night, but not now. Veto.”

“Technically you used your veto for the day when you said no to the 50-yard-line the first time,” Parker said.

Meagan frowned, scowled up at the dorm.

“But technically I didn’t tell you to pee here at all,” Parker said. “I did want to see if you’d do it, but I’ve got a better idea anyway.”

Meagan shook her head in relief. “Whew. I wasn’t exactly looking forward to that. Don’t push your luck, mister—and quit teasing me, mmmmmkay? Just tell me where I can go, ‘cause I really really gotta. This wind is making me nearly piss myself.”

Parker stepped close, wrapped her in his arms, and kissed her gently. “I’m sorry, love, I shouldn’t be yanking you around like that.”

“No, you shouldn’t.”

“Next time we’ll plan it out exactly, okay? No more surprises.”

“Oh, you don’t need to go that far. But don’t push me on privacy, mmmkay? And don’t tease me. Much.”

“I’m sorry.”

“Thank you.”

“And you can pee anywhere you want back at the dorm, there’s just one condition.”

“Hmmm?”

Parker whispered it in her ear.

She grinned. “Now you’re talkin’. Let’s go!”

She grabbed his hand and started skipping across the parking lot. A moment later she had to stop short, cross her legs, and bend forward a little. “Mmkay, too much bouncing there… but yeah, c’mon!”

Still hand in hand, they walked (quickly) past the gym, a couple more dorms, more parking lots, and came at last to Bryant Hall, Meagan’s dorm. She handed her key card to Parker so he could let them in, saying, “I don’t quite trust my fingers right now.” And indeed, she was doing the full-body clench, including fingers clenched into fists. Parker got them in and traded her card for her room key.

Inside it was much warmer, and Meagan relaxed fractionally. Once into her room, they stripped off their jackets.

“Here?” Parker asked. “Or would you rather go straight to the bathroom?”

“I’d rather do it here. Sitting on a toilet isn’t the most romantic.”

“Want help with your clothes?”

“Yes please.”

Parker helped her out of her clothes, piece by piece, not hurrying, but not dragging his feet, either. He stood behind her and worked his way down, so first came the sweatshirt she’d had on under her jacket, then the t-shirt beneath, and next her bra. When her breasts came loose he cupped them in his hands, caressing and squeezing. She leaned back against him for a moment and then said, “’Kay, your turn.”

“Huh?”

“Clothes off.”

“We’re not gonna have sex, though.”

“I know. I still wanna feel your skin. At least your shirt.”

“Fair enough.” He pulled off his shirt and resumed his caresses, standing pressed against her so she could feel his bare chest against her naked shoulders. He kissed her neck—side and back—and her shoulders, especially her freckles. His hands wandered all the way up to play with her red-touched hair and all the way down to her waistband, where he undid her button and unzipped slightly, rolling the waistband down over her hips. He laid his hands over her bladder, which was noticeably full and taut, though not bulging, but didn’t press down, just felt her muscles at work.

She was breathing faster from all the attention as he unzipped her jeans the rest of the way and slid his fingers down the front of her green cotton panties. She shivered, sighed, and rubbed back against him. Then the jeans came the rest of the way down and he kept his fingers at work. One hand slipped into her panties and found her clit. The other hand roamed her upper body. He made out with her neck until she turned her head, eyes almost closed, plainly looking for a kiss, and he bent his neck to give her many.

Her panties were damp, and not at all from pee, when he peeled them from her hips and butt and slid them down her clenched legs. Then he took her vibrator from its place in the drawer by the bed, set it on low, and slid it up one of those tense legs to where it met the other and let it work.

“God, don’t stop, but the rumbling is making it so dang hard to hold it,” Meagan whispered, leaning back against him again.

“Does it feel good, though?”

“Fuck yeah,” she gasped. “It’s all so intense.”

Little circles, gently increasing the pressure then backing off, ramping up the power setting then switching it back—Parker had learned a lot about the vibrator in the last few months, and he used it well. Meagan was soon putting a lot of her weight on him, her hands leaning back on his hips as he played her clit like a cello, deep rumbling and sexy curves. Her mouth hung open and her breathing became panting. Then she squeezed his hips with both hands, tight—whether in arousal or desperation he couldn’t tell, at this point—and let out a long shaky moan.

“Don’t stop, I’m right on the edge,” she gasped. “But grab the trash can, I may not be able to wait long, afterward.”

Parker didn’t stop—but he did slow down, to Meagan’s exquisite frustration. Still, neither one could keep that up very long. After just another minute, Meagan moaned, twice, then gave a small sharp cry of release and gave the familiar convulsion. She staggered and he grabbed her beneath her breasts with his non-vibrating arm to steady her.

“Trash can?” he murmured in her ear.”

“I’m okay for a second,” she said, surprising him. “I’m all locked down. But do you wanna come first? ‘Cause if you do I wanna hurry.”

“I thought I could wait a bit, maybe until tomorrow. Since I did jerk you around a bit earlier.”

“Fuck that!” she said cheerfully, though still breathlessly. “I’ve had you hard all day from all that pissing. And I can feel how hard you are right now—which I am loving, by the way. Hand me the lube.”

And so just a few minutes later, it was Parker moaning and shaking, jeans around his ankles. Meagan was crouching on her heel to get her face down next to his cock, looking up at him with a sexy and only-somewhat-desperate smile. When he was about to come she quickly took him in her mouth and sucked him off, swallowing it all down.

“And now I’m gonna pee,” she said, wiping her mouth, and with a quick movement she shifted her butt over the can. A moment later the familiar sound of her torrent filled the room.

She stood up, dripping, and they kissed for a long moment.

“Good?”

“So good. You?”

“You couldn’t tell from the part where I nearly fell over? Yeah, real good. We did real good.”

They cleaned up in their separate ways, not bothering with clothes in their empty hall, and reconvened (still naked) under the covers for cuddles and more kisses.

“I think I’d like to take tomorrow off,” Meagan said, “and then do a little more on Thanksgiving itself.”

“Okay.”

“But that was lots of fun. More fun than I expected. Thanks for the idea, lover.”

“Thank you, for being willing.”

“More than willing, hon. That was downright pleasurable. Especially on the pipe. And just now, with the vibe. You are getting so good at that.”

“Mm, aren’t I, though?”

“A little rough here and there but a good day.”

“Thanks to you and your champion bladder.”

“It’s pretty solid, no?”

“It’s definitely earned a rest tomorrow. Well done to all your muscles.”

“They thank you, and want a nap.”

“That sounds like a good idea in general. Want to?”

“Sure.”

*013*2018-05-06 02:01

Here's another part! A little bit of a change of pace, but important to the characters and the purpose of the story.

Based extremely loosely on a real event. The last woman I saw really desperate to pee was in a grocery store. One built more recently, however, as there is indeed a public bathroom there. But I'm old enough to remember when grocery stores didn't have public restrooms.

###

Wednesday they went grocery shopping. This proved more interesting than they guessed.

They walked over. There was a small but adequate grocery store just a stone’s throw from the north corner of campus. They needed a fair number of things—eggs and oats for the cookies, for instance—but it was such a short walk, it seemed pointless to take Meagan’s car. They did bundle up against the cold.

“It definitely smells like snow,” Meagan said as they crunched through fallen leaves and ducked down a driveway in the usual shortcut.

As the automatic doors slid back, they stepped into the warmth of the store and realized they were just two of quite a large number of people doing their Thanksgiving shopping. The crowd meant that simply walking down an aisle now required a lot of navigating and maneuvering. Sticking together meant they had to hold hands, not that this was a problem. Every time Parker was in such a packed place, trying to thread his way through a mob, he was reminded of the asteroid belt scene in The Empire Strikes Back, and he started humming the music that went with the scene. Meagan, who was walking ahead of him at this point, threw him a knowing look over her shoulder. “You’re a goof,” she said.

“Who is more goofy, the goof, or the goof who follows her?”

“The one following, obviously.”

“Wait, I think I had that joke backward…”

“Too late!”

They hit a snag when they were in the baking aisle.

“You mean you don’t have a list?” Meagan said.

“I’ve got the recipe memorized,” Parker said, studying the shelves. “Or I thought I did.”

Meagan sighed.

“Relax,” Parker said, glancing at her. “I’ll remember everything. I just need to jog my memory.”

“I’ll just make myself comfortable, then,” Meagan said.

He threw her a longer look. “Something wrong?”

She sighed again. “It’s just… this place is getting to me.”

Parker nodded. “We’ve had a nice quiet week and suddenly we walked into a madhouse.”

“A madhouse playing crappy Christmas songs. The day before Thanksgiving.”

“I know! That’s really getting on my nerves.” He reached up and took some baking powder down off the shelf. “Now is it baking powder or baking soda…?”

“And to top it all off—well, I’ll bet you can guess.”

“Wait, do you need to—?” But taking one look at her and he answered his own question: she definitely was getting her locked-down, all-muscles-engaged, need-to-pee look.

Meagan chuckled ruefully. “All your fault, of course.”

“How is it my fault?”

“If we hadn’t taken that nap yesterday, I wouldn’t have stayed up so late last night, and then I wouldn’t have been so tired this morning, and then I wouldn’t have had to drink coffee. Which is—well, you know.”

Parker pondered this for a moment. He thought of two ways to say what he wanted to say, and went with the one that seemed wiser. “I won’t let it get to me unless you want me to,” he said, shaping his phrasing with the crowds around him in mind.

She hugged him. “Thank you.” Leaning over his shoulder, she looked down at the items in his hand. “So what are you stuck on again?”

“Baking soda or baking powder.”

“Buy both, we’ll probably use it eventually.”

He chuckled. “Thank you. That just reminded me: the recipe actually calls for both.” Both boxes went into his basket.

Between the cookies and the soup, they filled up a basket apiece, and it took some time to get that done. Then they had to brave the line at the cash register, which was long indeed. It looked like the check-out clerks were a little short-staffed, not prepared for the influx, and so things were moving slowly.

“Well, the line’s not getting any shorter,” Parker said, and they went and stood in it.

Naturally the line they got in was the one where someone had to run and put something back, and the line where someone paid in cash and miscounted twice. Other lines were definitely moving faster, but they couldn’t switch without cutting in line. Meagan was looking still more tense as the other lines crept forward but theirs stood still.

“Is there a restroom here?” Parker asked. “Sometimes they have one. Like at Walmart.”

“I’ve never seen one,” Meagan said.

“Go take a look,” Parker encouraged her. “I can watch the stuff. And if you do find one,” he said in lower tones, “go right ahead and use it. Blanket permission for the rest of the day, in fact.”

She nodded, gave him a quick peck on the cheek, and set off.

Five minutes she was back. Two things had happened during her absence: the line had finally moved forward a bit, and Parker had realized that if Meagan had found a bathroom, he might have gone and used it himself. But she shook her head. “No sign of one. It’s an older store,” she added, by way of explanation.

“Yeah, most new stores have them, don’t they? I remember my mom having to ask permission for me to use the staff bathroom when I was really small.” He lowered his voice again. “Gonna be okay?”

“Oh, I’ll be fine,” she said. “We don’t have much farther to go.”

Indeed, now they were only second in line to check out. But of course the last guy ahead of them had a shopping cart piled high with stuff, and so it took quite a while still. Meagan showed no further sign or made said any further word of her need until they’d paid and gotten outside. Then the wall of cold air, after the warmth of the crowded store, made her shiver involuntarily and swear, loudly enough that a few heads turned her direction: “Fuck, that’s cold.”

Heavily laden by their bags, they couldn’t take the shortcut (which involved scrambling up a grassy bank) and had to walk around. As they rounded the corner and stepped back onto campus, Meagan cursed again. “Mmmmmmmmmkay. I can do this.”

“If it’s any consolation,” Parker said, “I gotta go too.”

She smiled. “You know, it kinda is.”

They walked stiff and shivering (from temperatures outside and pressures outside) to Bryant Hall. Meagan swiped them in, and they stepped into the kitchen to set their bags down. They looked at each other.

“We should put the food away,” Parker said.

Another moment passed—and then as one, without a word, they turned for the bathrooms.

Back in the kitchen, very much relieved, they started putting the food away. Meagan said, “I’m really grateful for how you handled that, love.”

“You didn’t seem like you were in the mood for games, and you’d asked for today off.”

“Yeah. I mean, I could have held it a lot longer, you know that. And someday I do wanna play around with both of us getting desperate. Even the scales a bit. But today… well, I just wasn’t feeling it today, and I was frustrated with the store.”

“I know. You don’t need to apologize or explain. I could see how you felt. And it’s still all about consent.”

“Yes it is. But that situation could have led to a lot of fun for you and you set it aside.” She turned to him, put her hands on his shoulders, and said, “You know, a lot of guys would have done that real differently. I mean it when I said I’m grateful. I mean—tomorrow’s all about giving thanks, right? Well, thank God for you, Parker.”

“Me, I’m just thankful that you let—that we get to have fun like that at all.”

“Mmmmhmm. And tomorrow we can go back to that. But tonight, I wanna show you how grateful I am in a different way.”

“Oh?”

“Back massage.”

“Oooooooohh.”

As it happened, they exchanged back rubs that night, which meant shirts came off, which meant that they ended up doing quite a bit of naked making out and spooning afterward—but nothing else. “Tomorrow,” Meagan whispered, moving his hand away from her clit. “Tomorrow. But thank you.”

“Thank you. So grateful.”

“Yeah. Incredibly much.”

###

More to come, and soon.

*015*2018-05-06 03:50

Thank you, Melificentfan. I wasn't sure how people would react to that section -- since it's less fantasy and more reality -- but I'm glad you enjoyed it.

If anyone was disappointed, just stick around... I'm pretty pleased with how the next part shaped up.

*018*2018-05-06 06:23

Thank you, YourFNF! Yeah, I figured it was time to see a moment that was mostly about the relationship rather than the turn-ons.

Those will come soon, though.

*020*2018-05-09 04:55

In small doses, yes. The focus will always be on Meagan holding/getting desperate... but it'll happen with Parker too, on occasion.

Like right now.

###

Parker woke up to Meagan making out with him. She was naked except for her panties.

“So whenever you do this,” Parker said, “you’re usually horny or you need to pee.”

“Why not both?” she said, and gently kissed his neck.

“Mmmmm. Today is gonna be a good day. But let’s see, how do we want to play this… if we had sex right now, would I be allowed to come?”

“So soon? Nah, I wanna stretch this out all day.”

“’Kay. In that case I’m gonna stretch my fun out all day, too. So you’ll get to pee right now, but that’ll be the last time for a while. Oh, and there will be some conditions to this pee, too.”

She sat up, eyes bright and alert, waiting for the word. Parker noticed that she was sitting on her heel.

“How long have you needed to go?” he said.

“Since I woke up, of course.”

“And how long ago was that?”

“Oh, about fifteen minutes.” She shrugged. “I got bored waiting for you to wake up.”

“Okay. So I’m gonna offer you a choice. You can either wait another forty-five minutes and then pee as you please, or you can wait another fifteen minutes and then pee with the conditions, which are: you have to go use a boy’s bathroom, and you aren’t allowed to put on any more clothes than what you’re wearing right now.”

Her eyes sparkled. “I say again: why not both?”

“Huh?”

“I’ll wait forty-five minutes and use the boy’s bathroom. Wearing this.”

“You’re not allowed to cross your arm or cover yourself, either. Totally topless.”

“Not a problem—since the dorm’s practically empty, after all…”

“Still, there’s the chance.”

“There is. But first I’m gonna hold another forty-five.”

“I love you.”

“I know. And you know I love you right back.”

“I’m pretty sure you wouldn’t be doing this for your worst enemies, yeah.”

A shadow flickered across her face. “Well—I’ve done some nasty things, you know. And sometimes it really has involved giving a guy exactly what he wants, if I figured out a way to use it to get back at him later.”

“What you are doing isn’t nasty at all. …Okay, it’s a little quirky and a little kinky, but not nasty.” He took her in his arms. “And you’re not doing this to fuck with me.”

“Well, I am going to fuck with you. In the sense that we are totally going to fuck today, and I’ll be with you when we do—kinda have to be—but not the way you meant.”

He shivered. “I repeat: I love you.”

She kissed him, and he kissed her back, and they made out for a few minutes, her lying atop him, his arms around her bare body. But then her weight reminded him of something he had to do.

“So I gotta pee too,” he said. “Want me to wait a bit?”

“Yeah!” she said. “So you’ll feel what it’s like.”

“I reserve the right to go before you do,” Parker said.

“Wimp.”

“Hey, you’re the one with the Bladder o’ Steel. I’m not in your league.”

“Oh, all right. But you’re still a wimp.”

“Maybe. But that was actually a hint; can you not be on top of me?”

She rolled off obligingly. But they kept making out for a while yet. After ten mostly-pleasant minutes he groaned a little.

“Hmmmm?” she inquired.

“It’s getting kinda bad. It’s weird, I don’t think I drank that much last night…”

“Doesn’t really matter if you did or not,” she said. “If your body’s used to peeing right away in the morning, and it’s not getting what it wants, then it feels super-urgent.”

“Well, whatever it is, I gotta go!”

“Poor Parker, can’t hold it,” she teased him. “Not enough practice!”

“Again: Bladder of Steel. You’ve got those muscles and I don’t.”

“Oh, but you’ve got something I don’t have,” she said. “Would you like a little help?”

“Yes please.”

His cock wasn’t totally hard, since he was pretty used to make-outs now; but Meagan stroked him with her hand for a moment, stiffening him up—then bent over him, pushed her breasts together with her hands, and nestled his hard-on between them. Then she stroked him with her cleavage, and that got him plenty hard pretty quick. She lay back down beside him but kept her hand closed lightly around his erection, every now giving a slow stroke or a gentle squeeze.

“Better?” she asked.

“Sort of,” he said. “I still gotta go, but it’s a little lower on the priority list now.”

“Want some more help?”

“Sure.”

“I’ve really gotta go bad, too.”

“Cross-your-legs bad?”

“Could be,” she said, and did so. Then she kissed him, and the making out resumed for a bit.

But before long he moaned again. “I can’t do this,” he said. “I gotta come or I gotta piss, but I can’t stay like this.”

“Well, you’re not coming yet,” Meagan said, “so you’d better go pee.” She immediately lightened her grip but kept holding him in her hand, waiting for his body to get bored and soften up.

Parker couldn’t take this, however, and got up out of bed. He instinctively reached to pinch the tip of his penis, but Meagan batted his hand away. “You’ll stay hard, doofus,” she said.

He took his hands away, clenching and unclenching his fists, shifting from foot to foot. Meagan watched, very amused, from the bed—again sitting on her heel.

“Gaah,” Parker said, “I can’t even look at you. You’re turning me on too much.”

“I’m sorry. Is it the boobs? Should I put the boobs away?” she said, cupping them in her hands—which was not exactly a turn-off.

“Stop sitting on your heel,” he demanded. “It reminds me that you’ve got to pee, too.”

She stood up—not crossing her legs, but going into total lockdown so she didn’t have to.

Parker turned away, took deep breaths, did a few multiplication problems in his head. Then he grabbed his sweat pants.

“Um, sweetie, I’m not sure those pants are going to help,” Meagan said.

Indeed, when he pulled them on, he was clearly pitching a tent.

“Can’t help it, I’ll cool down the rest of the way in the bathroom,” he said.

“No jacking off,” she warned. “I’ll be able to tell.”

“I won’t,” he promised. “No peeing!”

“I would never,” she said, fake-shocked, laying a hand on her heart (and between those devastating breasts).

There wasn’t anyone in the hallway—why would there have been?—and so pitched tent and all, Parker waddled desperately down to the bathroom. The tug of the cotton sweats on his erection was still enough to keep him stiff—that and the thought of Meagan back in the room, also desperate (and topless). Once in the stall he ripped his sweats off. Staring at his cock, remembering Meagan, it was a struggle not to quickly jack off and get both kinds of release. The blood was hammering in his veins, the piss was throbbing in his bladder. He leaned against the wall of the stall, squeezed his eyes shut, put his hands on top of his head, and counted backward from fifty, slowly.

After the countdown he seemed soft enough, but he waited another moment or two to make sure, shifting uncomfortably as he did. Finally he took his penis in a gingerly grip and aimed it down at the bowl.

As often happens when peeing through the remains of a hard-on, there was a slight pain at first, but this helped get rid of the rest of the erection. The next problem was that instead of coming out in a nice straight line, his piss sprayed off in several directions at once, like a hose with someone’s thumb mostly over it, and went quite a few places in the stall. But at last he was pissing, and his bladder sent the “Good Job, Have Some Endorphins” signal up to his brain. He sighed as the pleasure washed over him. As Meagan had guessed, he wasn’t super-full, but it did take a while to get it all out, especially since the first little bit had to fight its way through and didn’t come out very quickly.

Then he had to wad up some toilet paper and clean up the places he’d sprayed.

He washed his hands thoroughly (who knew the last time the bathrooms had been cleaned?) and headed back to his room rather more cheerfully.

“Better?” Meagan said. She was leaning against the closet, legs crossed, arms crossed above them and under her breasts (subtly supporting the latter).

“Yeah, better.”

“And were you good? Didn’t jack off? You were there a while…”

“No, I didn’t.”

“Good,” she said, and stepped close to him. Kissed him. Wrapped him in her arms and pulled him close. “’Cause I didn’t pee either. So I gotta go pretty darn bad by now. Waiting a whole hour after I get up is hard. But so, I feel, are you.”

And yes, he was already stiffening and re-tenting his sweats.

“So that’s good confirmation,” she said. “Wanna feel me to know I didn’t let any out?”

He laid a hand on her belly. She was indeed taut, full. He pushed, just a little, and she clenched up in response.

“Gaaah. Warn a gal,” she said.

“Sorry.”

“I’m good. Feel me. Any dampness?”

He slid a finger along the crotch of her panties. “Nope.”

“No leakage. Just my natural holdin’ power.”

“Meagan the Mighty,” he said, and kissed her—forehead, then neck, then the beginning of the cleft between her breasts.

“Not saying this is easy…” she said, crossing her legs again.

“It’s been more than fifteen minutes—heck, it’s been nearly half an hour. If you wanna go pee dressed like you are, you can.”

“No, no. It’s a challenge now. I can wait the full time.”

She paced the room. She double-crossed, uncrossed, re-crossed her legs. She stretched, all her (fiercely sexy) muscles taut, breasts rising as she reached her arms above her head. Her fingers clenched into fists over and over again. Parker watched, fascinated.

About ten minutes before the cut-off, Meagan jammed a hand into her crotch, crossed her legs over it, and bent over. Her breasts hung down and he was delighted to see her nipples were hard.

He simply couldn’t resist a vision like this. He stepped behind her, grinding his hard-on into her butt and reveling in the feel of his penis being caught between flesh (his body and hers). He gripped her hips as if he were going to fuck her, then slid his hands up her flanks to cup her breasts. She straightened up a bit—not all the way, still clenching her hand between her legs—and pressed back against him.

“You are so sexy,” he whispered into her ear. “I wish I could fuck you right now.”

“You’re so hard,” she replied, equally quietly. “You would feel so good in me, I know it.”

“Can’t I?”

“No. I’m too full and it’s too soon. I promise you’ll come today, in me or on me—but not yet.”

He pulled his sweats down so only the cotton of her panties was between him and her. “Can’t I just slip it in for a minute?”

“No way. I’m still too full—and you would explode. I mean to make you last.” She glanced at the clock and moaned a little. “Eight more minutes. Somehow this suddenly got a lot harder. Probably because I’m so close to making it…”

“So when it’s time,” Parker said, “here’s what you’re gonna do. You’re gonna walk down to the boy’s bathroom. You can’t cover your boobs, but you can keep on grabbing your crotch if you have to, that’s cute. Prop the door open, I might be able to hear you pissing. You’re gonna go in the first stall—that’s where I just pissed—but you aren’t gonna close the door. If anyone comes in, you’re not gonna hide or close the door; you’re just gonna sit there naked and say, ‘Sorry, I just couldn’t hold it.’”

“Wow, insult to injury! Because I can totally hold it. Obviously.”

“Obviously. But you need to give an explanation.”

“All right, all right—wait. You aren’t coming with me?”

“Nope. I’ll just watch from here. Holler if you need me but I doubt you will. Oh, and again, when you walk back—no covering up. Just walk normally.”

“I’ve never gone topless outside my own house,” Meagan said.

“Good thing you’re dead sexy,” Parker said, squeezing her breasts again.

“How much time left?” she said.

“Six minutes.”

“Holy shit.”

“Speaking of… if you need to poop, now would be a good time.”

“Yeah, that might happen.”

“Because I’ve got plans for later, and I’d rather not have to let you run off and crap in the middle of them.”

“Oh? What plans?”

“We’ll talk when you get back. One piss at a time. How are you holding up?”

“I’m not leaking… yet.”

“You can do this. You’re so strong.” He laid a light hand over the tense muscles of her lower belly. “So strong.”

“I know I can do it,” Meagan said, a little breathlessly. “It’s just not easy, that’s all…”

She stood, still gripping her crotch with one hand and both legs, eyes closed, breathing a little shallow and a little fast. She held her other hand tightly clenched—sometimes down at her side like a soldier, sometimes stretched out as if swinging her arm, sometimes twining in her hair and gripping the roots. Parker slowly circled her, watching, rapt.

“Sixty seconds,” he said. “You’ve got this. …Forty-five… Thirty.”

“You’re counting too slow,” she said.

“Just following my watch. Twenty… Ten, nine, eight…”

She stood stock still for the full countdown, everything clenched to the bone. At “one” she straightened up slowly (hand still between her thighs), opened her eyes, glanced down at her almost-naked self. She shrugged, and then carefully uncrossed her legs. She walked slowly to the door, almost unsteady on her feet.

Parker opened the door and watched as Meagan walked down the hall—past the girl’s bathroom without so much as a glance, red-streaked brown hair falling loose and tousled across her bare freckled shoulders and back. Her pale green cotton panties barely covered much of anything. And she kept her hand between her legs the whole length of the hallway, letting the other arm swing loose. At the bathroom door she used her free hand to open it, paused to flick the doorstop down with her toe, paused a moment longer to keep one knee raised and pressed up against her other thigh… and then she vanished into the men’s room.

He could hear her piss hit the water at first, but either she went very fast or it quieted down and out of range of hearing. He was happy to imagine, though, and envisioned her sitting on the same toilet he’d just used.

After a long time—pooping, perhaps?—he heard the flush, then the washing of hands, and finally she can strolling back, looking vastly more relaxed. But not entirely; there was definitely a little self-consciousness in her near-nakedness. But she followed the rules and let her boobs hang out—until the last two seconds of her walk, when she suddenly turned red, flung an arm across her chest, and pushed past him into the room.

“What?” he said, closing the door.

“Gerard just walked out from his hall. I don’t think he saw me—but he might have, he was facing me.”

Parker grinned and kissed her. “He won’t say anything. If he does say anything, just say you thought he wasn’t around today. Thank you so much, lover, that was real cute and sexy.” He fondled her breasts again as he said it.

“You’re really fixated on these today,” she said, covering his hands with hers. “I think I know how I’m gonna get you off tonight.”

“Well, let’s talk the whole day through,” Parker said, “and negotiate anything we have to. My basic idea was that we’d spend the day in the kitchen—and you would not get to leave, ever. You’ll have to pee somewhere in there.”

Her eyebrows shot up. “I hope Gerard doesn’t walk past when I’m up on the sink.”

“Yeah, let’s hope! Oh, and if you need to go more than once, you’ll have to find some other way of peeing. ‘Kay?”

“’Kay, got it! No problem. Here’s what I was thinking, too: I want us to feed each other tonight.”

“How do you mean?”

“We do this at camp sometimes. You’re not allowed to put any food in your own mouth, just other people’s. But you can eat what other people give you. It’s fun. And I think it could be super-romantic between the two of us.”

“Huh. I’m not quite seeing it—but sure, we can give that a try.”

“And when we’re all done and cleaned up, then we’ll come back here and I’ll make you moan.”

“I like the sound of that.”

“I love your moans, too.”

“Not what I meant.”

“Totally what I meant, though. ‘Cause I do. Time to start cooking?”

“Time for breakfast first.”

“Good idea. If I’m gonna spend the rest of the day in the kitchen, I’m definitely gonna need some food.”

###

Next part isn't finished yet and as it'll be a long week at work I don't know when I'll get it done. And then... well, then we have some options, and I'll want some audience input! So stay tuned.
