Naruma's Elevator Accident

Author: wilkes80k

*000*2023-05-27 19:11

This was a story from a user named Narada from the Wetset forums over ten years ago. I had just recently remembered it and how much I enjoyed it so I thought I'd share it here, it took some searching through Wetsets forum history to find it. The author wrote about ten parts so maybe I'll share the rest. For a disclaimer all of these stories do include messing just fyi. Anyway I hope the original author Narada is well and don't mind me sharing this.

...

It was Friday, and for Naruma Miller, that meant that it was time for her weekly trip to the State Street Borders in downtown Chicago. She would spend hours browsing through the multitude of books, comics, manga, Cd's, and DVDs. She spent most of the day in the cafe, skimming a pile of reading material she'd heaped upon her favorite table while sipping her mocha caramel latte and munching on a carrot cake. Most Fridays, Naruma would aimlessly wander through the bookstore until she came upon something that caught her eye, but her weekly ritual actually had a purpose this time. 

The previous weekend, her cousin Selima had visited her, bringing along her copy of Doctor Who: the Complete Fifth Series box set. (Selima insisted that this was actually the 31st series/season of the program) Selima had been banging on and on about what a great show it was, so Naruma told her to bring the box set over for a marathon viewing session so she could see what all the fuss was about. By the time the closing credits for "Victory of the Daleks" scrolled across the screen, Naruma was hooked!

The following Friday, Naruma headed for Borders, desperate to get as many books, magazines, and DVDs about her new favorite show as she could! As usual, all eyes were on her when she walked through the door. Thanks to her mixed Russian, Japanese, and Moroccan heritage, Naruma was exceptionally beautiful. She was quite tall, very buxom, and had long, black hair and pale green eyes. That day, she was wearing a white angora sweater, black leather skirt, and white leather boots. Over all of this, she wore a dark purple/violet trench-coat. She smiled to herself when she felt the other customers, both men and women, staring at her. She loved the attention, and did as much as she could to encourage it. She "accidentally" dropped her purse and bent over--her skirt was incredibly short, so anyone standing behind her got a eyefull of the silky lavender panties she was wearing. She made sure that her glasses slid off so that she would be bent over for a few seconds longer!

If only one of these nerds was brave enough to cop-a-feel, I would probably come right here! she ruefully thought.

She stood up and quickly whirled around, eager to catch one of the Peeping Toms in the act. She smiled at the bespectacled, chubby black guy that had obviously been enjoying the display; he had a look on his face like a deer caught in the headlights. He gave Naruma a weak grin before he scurried away toward the graphic novel section. Naruma sighed. Since she was so intelligent herself, the 19 year old beauty was way into geeks, but the lot of them were so pathologically shy that she always had to make the first move. "Your loss, nerd." she muttered under her breath and headed for the sci-fi section. On the way there, she passed the magazine aisle and grabbed that month's issue of Doctor Who Magazine and Doctor Who: a Celebration.

The first book that Naruma spotted was A History: An Unauthorized History of the Doctor Who Universe; she scooped it up at once. The next book she found was Doctor Who: The TARDIS Handbook, which she also grabbed. She then snatched another book off the shelf, Doctor Who: the Brilliant Book 2011 and a few other miscellaneous books about the series before mounting the escalator to the second floor and heading for her favorite table in the cafe. She sat her books down and then ordered her usual carrot cake and latte. As she looked over her books and magazines, she surreptitiously cast her eyes around the room. The table she sat at was at such a position that anyone standing nearby could see her panties; she opened her legs as wide as she could so that anyone who wished could get a good look. Naruma was, obviously, quite an exhibitionist and was getting quite wet at the thought of being ogled like a piece of meat.

After a half hour of this, she decided to head to the third floor--where the CDs and DVDs were--and see what Doctor Who DVDs the bookstore had in stock. She sighed blissfully as she stood; her panties were soaked with her juices! She looked at the pile of books and magazines on her table and sighed; she was not looking forward to dragging them around with her. Luckily, one of the store clerks, a perky little blonde who had rang up her purchases several times, saw her predicament and offered to have her items carried down to the first floor register; they would be placed behind the counter until she was ready to be checked out.

"Thanks, Jillian!" Naruma beamed. When she reached the escalator that led to the third floor, she was dismayed to find that it was out of order! People could still use them as stairs and walk to the second floor, but she was far too lazy to do that! With a huff of impatience, she headed for the elevator--Naruma had spent half of her childhood in England, so she was still used to calling them "lifts." She pressed the "up" button; the doors slid open almost immediately. A pretty brunette woman pushing a cart of books smiled at her as she exited. Naruma eyed the woman's ample posterior before she entered the elevator and pushed the button for the third floor. The doors shut and the elevator hummed for a few seconds before it suddenly lurched to a halt.

"Fuck--not again!" Naruma sighed. The elevator was always getting stuck between floors like that. She pressed the alarm bell and calmly waited for the employees to get the lift going again. Several minutes ticked by; she pressed the button again. More time passed, and she started pressing the button repeatedly. The elevator phone started ringing. She opened the wall panel that concealed it and picked it up. "Hello?"

"Hi, this is Amanda at the front desk," a girl on the other end of the line merrily chirped. "we're so sorry that you're stuck, our maintenance technicians should have the elevator going again shortly. Are you alright? You aren't claustrophobic or anything, are you?"

"Nope," Naruma sighed. "how long do you think it'll take to get me outta here?"

"Thirty minutes, tops."

"THIRTY MINUTES?" Naruma shrieked.

"Sorry!" Amanda cooed apologetically. "There's a part they need to replace. Do you need me to stay on the line with you, sweetie?"

"No, that's OK, I'll be fine." She sighed and hung up. As the minutes slowly drug on, Naruma found that two things were bothering her: she didn't have anything to read AND she really had to go to the bathroom! As time slowly went by, the need grew greater and greater until she could actually feel the poo surging against her puckered anal ring. "Fuck, fuck, fuccck..." she hissed. She grabbed the phone again and called down to the front desk.

"You ok, sweetie?" Amanda asked.

"Um, not so much," Naruma panted as she struggled to contain her bowel movement. "I--um--need to use it pretty bad! I gotta get out of here!"

"Oh, I'm so sorry, sweetie! It's takin' a little longer to get that part installed than we thought," Amanda replied. "Can you hold out just a little longer?"

"UGH! I don't think I can!"

"Listen," Amanda whispered, "Why don't you just--you know--go in there?"

"WHAT?"

"Just go! We'll say you had an accident and get janitorial in there to clean it all up."

"That's just...I couldn't--!" Naruma said.

"Well, just think about it hun, ok?" Amanda replied."It's gonna take another twenty minutes or so to install that part. Do you think you can really hold it until then?"

"Guess we'll find out!" Naruma sighed and hung up. In a desperate attempt to distract herself from her growing need to relieve herself, she slouched against the rear wall of the elevator and started reading a Doctor Who book (Lungbarrow) she'd downloaded into her Kindle. After she'd gotten through 20 pages, she felt a few dribbles of piss seep into her panties. She knew this was just a prelude to a truly epic bowel movement and clamped down as hard as she could. The pain was excruciating--she had never held her poo and piss in for that long before! She was just about to call Amanda again when, without any warning, the elevator suddenly lurched to life and resumed its journey. Naruma was so suprised by this sudden movement that she lost her already tenuous grip on her excretory system!

"Oh, god..." Naruma sibilated as piss gushed out of her, saturating her panties and drenching the elevator floor. She gritted her teeth as her bumhole was violently parted by a truly massive poo log! "FUCK! Oh, fuck!" she hissed as it pushed its way out of her and into her panties.Her heart started pounding fiercely as the elevator neared the third floor; the bookstore was very crowded that day--it was payday for millions of Chicagoans, after all--anyone who saw her exit the elevator would know what she'd had an accident! In a panic, she stopped resisting and pushed as hard as she could, eager to get the last of her poo out before the doors opened. The first log broke off and fell into her panties and then a larger one began making its way out of her, stretched her anal ring even wider!

@@"AHHH! Holy goddd!" Naruma painfully cried out. When that monster poo log was finally nestled in her panties along with it's smaller twin, she breathed a sigh of relief. A bit of wet, mushy poo flowed out of her poor, worn-out butthole and then she was empty. She stepped out of her destroyed panties and left them where they lay; she wrinkled her nose in disgust as she saw that they were thoroughly stained with poo front and back! She had just enough time to pluck a few Kleenex from her purse and dab at her womanhood and bottom before the elevator reached the third floor. As the doors swung open, she dropped the poo caked tissues and ran for dear life! There had been a few people waiting for the elevator and she shuddered as she heard the groans of disgust as they saw her abandoned panties. A few other people openly gaped at her and loudly talked about what she had done.She quickly grabbed the Doctor Who: In the Beginning DVD box set and raced down the escalator until she reached the first floor.

"That's the girl who shit herself in the elevator!" a man said as she made her way to the front desk to checkout. His friends and other people around him roared with laughter.

"Gross!" A girl behind Naruma said when she got in line. "There's shit on the back of her coat!"

"She's probably one of those sick fucks who get off on that kind of thing!" Another girl replied.

Naruma blushed, but being an exhibitionist, she was kinda turned on by the fact that lots of people knew what she'd done.She reached back and slightly lifted her coat and skirt, "mooning" the two girls behind her!

"You need to wash your ass, honey." The first girl said mockingly

Naruma turned on her and smiled. "D'you wanna help me with that?"

The girl, a strawberry blonde cutie, turned red and looked away.

Naruma laughed and paid for her things. The woman who rang up her purchases was a beautiful Asian girl, the same Amanda who had talked to her on the elevator phone. "Sorry about the mess I made," Naruma whispered.

"Don't worry about it, hun," the girl replied. "Everybody has accidents."

"Even you?" Naruma grinned.

"Especially me!" Amanda replied with a beguiling smile. "We cleaned up the elevator, by the way; do you want your panties back?"

"Um...nah. Just trash 'em." Naruma blushed.

"Oh...Ok!" Amanda handed Naruma her bag. "You're all set. See you next Friday?"

"Count on it!" Naruma smiled and left the store.

"WAIT!" Someone cried out behind Naruma as she got into her car; it was Amanda! "Let me know if I'm being way off base--d'you wanna, like, go get some coffee and hang out sometime? Maybe I can come over to your house and watch that Doctor Who DVD with you--I love that show!"

Naruma's face lit up. "You do?"

"Yep! So, what do you say? I'm kinda freezin' my tits off out here."

Naruma smiled, jotting down her cell phone number and e-mail address on a slip of paper. "Here," She said as she handed it to Amanda. "Give me a call, ok?"

"OK!" Amanda took the paper and handed Naruma a business card with her contact info on it. "I've actually been trying to work up the nerve to ask you that for weeks now!"

"Good thing I shit myself or you'd never have had the balls to ask me out!" Naruma said with a wink. "Now get back inside before you freeze to death! I'll call you when I get home, 'k?"

"OK!" Amanda smiled. She stood outside and watched Naruma drive off. She then went back inside and went straight into the bathroom. She wrenched down her trousers, exposing Naruma's discarded lavender panties! She had watched Naruma's entire ordeal on the store's security camera; when the elevator had returned to the first floor with the filthy panties, Amanda picked them up and put them on! She had even stuffed the tissues that Naruma used to wipe herself into her cunnyhole!

Amanda wore the panties backwards so that the poo rubbed directly against her pussy. Now, in the privacy of the bathroom, she smashed the poo against her womanhood and rubbed it against her slit until she came over and over again, chanting Naruma's name all the while. When she had recovered, she began plotting ways to get Naruma to soil herself again...

Meanwhile, as Naruma drove home, all she could think about was her accident in the elevator. It replayed in her head over and over again, along with the jeers and taunts of the people who had briefly seen her with poo in her panties. She imagined what it would have been like if she had kept on the filthy undies and walked around in the crowd; that was definitely something she had to try next week! The thought of the humiliation she would endure was making her hot--she pulled over to the side of the road, slipped her hand up her skirt, and rubbed her pussy until she had a mind shredding orgasm! When she took her hand out, it was absolutely coated in poo! A naughty thought occured to her; she impulsively brought her fingers to her lips and licked the filth from them.

"Mmmm..." she moaned. Before she knew it, all her fingers were inside her mouth and she was sucking her poo off of them! What is wrong with me?? she thought as she put her other hand between her legs and brought herself to another orgasm! This, of course, left her other hand quite filthy, and she decided that she needed to clean that one as well..."Control yourself, girl!" she said as she put the car back on the road. As soon as she got home, she was going to fire up her big black vibrator, get herself off, and call Amanda. She could get her over that night and make out with her, even if she would be too ashamed to bring up her newfound pooping fetish....


