Kelsey - a requested story for Rick Dixon

Author: wedgeantilles

*000*2018-02-02 19:42

Hello,

Rick Dixon asked me to write a story he had outlined.

I reluctantly agreed, but English is not my native tongue.

Well, here is the story.

Rick Dixon, I hope you are not disappointed!

Kelsey – desperate to pee

Her name was Kelsey. There wasn’t much special about her. In fact she was a quite ordinary girl. Well, she had red hair, that wasn’t that common in her class. But apart from that?

She had tan skin and was quite fit. Not surprising for an 18 year old. Most girls her age were looking after themselves and wanted to be fit. Her classmates were not different.

Kelsey didn’t consider herself very attractive. She didn’t like her butt and she didn’t like her bosom.

Her butt was too big and her boobs too small. At least she thought they were. Again, not much difference to her classmates. Which girl really liked her appearance? That her but wasn’t too big and that her breasts were just perfect didn’t matter. Yeah, they weren’t huge, but who was really into huge, artificial boobs anyway?

Like already said, she was not very different from the rest of the class.

Her outfit reflected this – a grey t-shirt and black tights. Those tights were quite daring – stopping above the ankles. Her school was very strict in several aspects and tights stopping above the ankles was walking on a thin line. But most girls her age had learned which was close to the edge and what was beyond. No surprise, having spent several years in school gave you lots of experience.

To make it short – there was nothing special about Kelsey.

Well, there was one thing. Kelsey had to pee. Quite badly.

She had had way more to drink for lunch then usual because food had been great, but spicey. And she had chatted too long with her friends. That’s why she had missed her chance to go to the toilet before class.

She wasn’t that concerned about it, even if her bladder wasn’t very strong.

Luckily the teacher was a nice one, Mrs. Ruth wasn’t as strict as most teachers in her school.

What Kelsey didn’t know was, that some pupils saw the kindness of Mrs. Ruth as weakness. And had abused it quite much in the last weeks. Nothing too major, but enough to let the principal have a word with Mrs. Ruth. That had been one hour before class started, and obviously Mrs. Ruth was furious. She was nice to the kids and how did they repay it? Well, if kindness was not appreciated – then she would be harsh and strict too. Poor Kelsey had no idea about these lines of thought.

That the topic of this lesson was about water and the natural cycle of it (raining, flowing under water into rivers, back into the ocean, condensation…) didn’t help Kelsey’s bladder in the slightest.

All the talk about flowing water made her need to urinate much worse.

20 minutes before the ending she asked Mrs. Ruth to be excused. And was shocked to be denied.

Until now she was quite sure that she would be able to pee as soon as she really wanted, having to ask being everything she would have to do.

The denial seemed to increase her urge quite a lot. A psychological thing. Being able to pee in 10 seconds if needed will let your mind rest easy. You have no worries, you are relaxed and your urge is manageable. But having to hold it? Having no chance to pee? That makes the same fullness of your bladder much worse!

And Kelsey was experiencing this phenomena – much to her horror!

She begged Mrs. Ruth to let her go, but – being still furious about how her clemency had been abused – denied her.

Poor, poor Kelsey. Just one day earlier she would have had no problems. And a few days later probably neither, giving Mrs. Ruth enough time to cool down.

Kelsey had picked the exact wrong moment for needing a bio break during the lesson.

And it was still 20 minutes. Not much time in most cases. But with a full bladder?

What should she do? Well, there wasn’t much she could do. She just had to hold it.

For a few seconds she wondered if she should just rush out of class, even without permission.

But that would mean a lot of trouble. And it was only 20 minutes, surly she would be able to wait that long. She was 18 after all, not a baby.

But time seemed to crawl - the more she wished it to speed up the slower it became.

She was squirming in her place, trying not to be too obvious about her pressing need. She’d be aghast if everybody knew that she was bursting.

15 minutes before the period ended a strong urge took her by surprise and she nearly lost a spurt. She hadn’t used her hands until now, but in this second she had no other choice. Her hands flew to her crotch and she pressed against it with all her strength. Luckily the table prevented most in class from seeing what she was doing. And it worked! What a great relief. She felt getting back in control, holding seemed much easier.

At least for a few minutes. But the universe had an ugly sense of humor. Three of her schoolmates became thirsty and started to drink. How was that possible? She was surrounded by drinking teenagers, water sloshed in the bottles and the teacher kept talking about flowing water.

Her legs started to shake, her surroundings making her hold that much harder.

Just when she thought it could not get much worse Mrs. Ruth started a short video to sum up the lesson.

Just a few minutes were left and Kelsey hadn’t paid much attention to Mrs. Ruth. That’s why the start of the video caught her completely unprepared. Her urge to urinate had become critical. The video started with a huge waterfall, the Niagara-falls. They are a huge wonder of nature and completely breathtaking. And the most horrible thing that could happen to Kelsey. The thundering roar of the waterfalls nearly made her lose all control. She let out a whimper and pressed on her crotch for dear life. She was horrified because she knew everybody would look at her – the girl who was about to pee herself.

But when she looked up she realized, that not everything went wrong today. The sound and the awesome spectacle of the video had masked her desperation, her classmates didn’t realize in what trouble she was. What a relief!

But another relief would be even more welcome.

Her poor bladder felt so full. How could she need to pee so much? Her bladder felt incredibly stretched. Not being used to hold it for a longer time she had way more trouble holding her full bladder then many others would have felt with the same amount of liquid in their bladders.

And then the bell rang. Kelsey was so relieved. She had felt being in kind of a hell where time stretched indefinitely. But her hell had ended! She got up – quite slowly to not loose control – and headed right for the door. After managing to not pee herself after getting up walking became a little easier. She still held her crotch through her pockets and ran to the door. She didn’t bother to pick up her bag. There just was no way for her to grab it. It wasn’t important. Her bag would be there later.

Luckily the next bathroom wasn’t far away, just a few meter.

She sprinted to the bathroom and collided with the door. Why didn’t this damn door open???

She became furious, she had to pee like crazy and the door would not open. Then she saw the sign.

“Out of order”

She wanted to scream in anger and frustration, but she held her scream back.

There was another toilet on the next floor, but it was quite a long way. Too long for Kelsey. She started to sweat and was close to panic. She looked up and she realized something important: The bathroom was in a quite secluded area, it was in the corner of a hallway. And since the bathroom was out of order there were no one around.

And just a few more meters to her left was a small corridor nobody used. Its use was quite obscure, there was no room on the other side, nothing. Why was it there? Nobody knew. Probably just some mistake in the building plans. There was just one single item. A huge plant. A plant with much earth around it. Earth that would be able to absorb her pee. Under normal circumstances she would never consider peeing into the plant. Even if there was nobody there in most times there still was a substantial risk of being seen and caught. Being seen naked, peeing into a plant? Before today she would not even have thought about such a thing. But in this moment the thought of relieve this close was indefinitely preferable to the thought of having to hold it a few more minutes. She was dying for a piss! Without much more thought she went straight to the flowerpot. She was just about to open the buttons of her tights when she heard a voice behind her: “What are you doing?”

She went white as a ghost from shock and turned around. How she managed not to pee herself in this second she would never know.

The principal was standing directly in front of her.

She still had her hands on her button and she realized that the principal looked at her hands. In one second she turned from ghostly white to beet red. Her legs are clamped together and she desperately tried to keep her water in without having to use her hands in a too obvious way.

“You did not want to urinate into the flower, did you?”

She tried to laugh it off, but even to her own ears her laugh sounded wrong.

Her bladder screamed for release, she feels like she is about to explode any time now.

“No Sir, of course not!”

It is quite obvious that the principal is not convinced. He asks a few more questions and Kelsey assured him that she wasn’t up to mischief and that she didn’t need to pee.

After much bad luck today another small glimmer of hope and luck came to support her.

She had never been in trouble before, she was never a problematic pupil, no teacher had complained about her. That’s why the principal thought about it for a few more moments – still not convinced – but then shrugged and went away. He hadn’t actually caught her doing something illegal and she had no reputation about doing it. “Well, ok, but remember, we have strict rules here!”

In Kelsey’s had played an absolutely horror movie – she, being an 18 year old girl, losing control of her bladder directly in front of the principal. The shame! Having her pants completely wet and soaked. There would be no hiding her accident, if she would lose control now her crotch would be soaked in two seconds.

But he went away! He really went away! She had another chance. Obviously peeing in the plant was no longer possible. She was certain the principal would look back, there was no way she could risk it.

She began the long journey to the other toilets. And she made it! She managed to reach the girls-toilet. She nearly cried out with joy, relieve was close. Only a few more seconds. She checked the door. No “out of order” sign, thank god! She reached for the door. Hesitated for half a second. And yes! The door opened! Her hold would be over soon, she had made it!

But as went into the door she cried out in misery. There was huge line, there were at least 10 girls in front of her and just two stalls. The girls were squirming and obviously desperate too.

“Pleeeease, I need to pee so bad, can I go in front” she pleaded. Too shaken with her own desperation to recognize the state the other girls were in.

“No way, we are all bursting here! We had an experiment with a diuretic last lesson and the damn main bathroom is out of order. You will wait until it is your turn! We are all dying to piss”

Kelsey looked up and realized that the girl was right. Every one of the girls had her hands jammed in her crotch. Kelsey broke down, she fell to the floor, her legs crossed, holding on for dear life. “Ahhh, that’s my luck” she swears, unable to believe that relieve has again been denied to her. She was holding it so long! She had to bloody piss! Hearing the toilet flush was hell. And heaven. Both at the same time. The sound made her holding even worth, but at the same time it made the line move forward. How could heaven feel so terrible? And how could hell be so great?

But it was slow going, horribly slow. Because of the diuretic each girl needed a long time to pee. After a few minutes there were still 6 girls in front of her. That’s when one girl cried out “Noooo, please noooo” and started to cry. The girl had lost control of her bladder and started to pee her pants. Kelsey felt a little pity for the girl, but at the same time she was furious. The girl wetting herself reminded her bladder how easy it would be to let go.

And there was nothing more she wanted to do right now. She had thought her bladder was close to explode 20 minutes before, but she realized that the pressure then hadn’t been that bad. Now the pressure was pure torture. Her sphincter weakened and was close to surrender to the floods crushing against it.

That’s when the girl in front of her rushed to the sink and just said: “I can’t hold it” – and started to pee in the sink. Another girl rushed after the first one, ready to take her please in the sink after she was finished. Why hadn’t she thought of that? Kelsey felt like kicking herself.

And then time seemed to slow for her. It was like her mind was waking up and she could think clearly for the first time this day.

It would take a few more minutes until she would be able to pee here. And she had not that much time. She could not hold it a few more minutes. Even if her life would depend on it. Her sphincter was exhausted, her bladder ready to explode.

She had exactly two possibilities.

Pee herself.

Or go to the boy’s bathroom. If she was lucky one stall would be free there. If she was unlucky she would have to use the urinal. And of course there was a high chance of a boy spotting her. To be able to use an urinal she would have to totally drop her pants. She had never used it before, but she was sure that the only chance of saving her pants from peeing on them was to pull them down. Every boy would see everything of her. Her private parts would be totally exposed. They would see her vagina, she would have to spread her legs and give them an even better view of her crotch area. That was unthinkable. Or was it? The alternative was to wet herself. And there would be no hiding that. Running through the schoolhouse would give hundreds of other pupils the sight of her soaked pants. Yes, they would not see her private parts, but they would realize that she had wet herself. Wasn’t it better to let a few boys see her naked instead of hundreds seeing her soiled?

She had never been naked in front of a boy before, and the thought of exposing herself this way was horrible. But it was better than the alternative.

All these thoughts flashed through her head in a second. She rushed to the door and flew to the boy’s bathroom. She still saw everything crystal clear, every thought was fast as lightning.

In one second the realized that she wasn’t lucky. There was one boy in the bathroom, the stalls were locked. One urinal was free, the other occupied by the boy. He was busy peeing and didn’t realize who came banging through the door. Didn’t realize that he had company by a beautiful girl, a girl utterly desperate to pee.

But of course that changed. As Kelsey rushed up next to him his eyes widened. He stared at her, his dick still in hand. He was the first dick of a boy she had seen, but in her condition that was not important. She had hoped that she would be alone, she had prayed for it. But the prayer hadn’t been answered. Just like all the other prayers in the last 30 minutes to grant her relieve.

Well, this was it. This boy would be the first boy to see her naked charms. There was no way she could change what was about to happen. At least he would probably not have a mobile phone with him, the school was very strict about those things. She was glad about that.

Her bladder hurt so bad, but for the first time she was happy about that in a strange way. She needed to pee so urgent, that everything paled beside that. Nude in front of a boy? If it meant getting the much needed piss – so be it. She reached for her button, undid it and pulled her pants down. The boy just stared, his dick still in hand. She stood there, just with a small black slip. The slip covered her pubic hair, hair that she had trimmed a little bit. Without delay she pulled her slip down, revealing to the whole world (or to be more exact: to one boy) that she was a real red hair.

To get as close as possible to the urinal she spread her legs, offering him a fantastic look between them. He couldn’t believe it. Here was the most beautiful girl he had even seen and she was exposing herself to him like that. Was he dreaming? And it got even better! She took her hands and spread her labia to be better able to aim at the urinal. He was getting the most intimate look at this girl. Even more intimate then many lovers had seen each other. Especially because she had barley opened herself to the fullest that her dams burst. He stared at the vagina of the girl and then pee exploded out of her urethra.

She peed a strong, crystal clear stream. He knew that he should look away. But he couldn’t. He was totally fascinated. Seeing his first real pussy this close, this openly and seeing this gorgeous girl pee was beyond his wildest dreams. After she had finished peeing her modesty returned like a blow to the head. She realized what she had done and started to cry, all the time desperately covering her crotch with her hands. As if he hadn’t had enough time to see all there was.

“Oh my god, I am so sorry, please don’t tell anybody” she sobbed. He had seen her girl slit, he had seen how she had pulled herself open and peed. Just a few centimeters away from him!

He reached over to her and carefully stroked her hair. A little inept, because he lacked experience.

“Please don’t tell anybody” she cried.

And he didn’t.

Epilog:

That was two years ago. They are still together, madly in love. It didn’t take them long. Sharing such a moment either makes every single moment afterwards awkward – or you fall in love.

He took her virginity and she took his in the same night.

On special occasions she holds her pee for him and has full bladder sex with him until she bursts. Or she lets him watch her expel it and even lets him feel the stream.

But only when they are at home, she never went desperate in public again.

At least until now…

*005*2018-02-04 10:15

I am glad you liked it, thank you!

