OmorashiVille (Night with the ladies. Part 3)

Author: Wildagram

*000*2021-12-13 02:17

12 minutes have passed..

Jordan is walking around with her hand tightly grabbing her crotch and the other hand lifting her dress exposing her black thong holding up her belly filled with pee. She's in so much discomfort that her mascara is running.

Cady is equally just as desperate as Jordan. Her jean skirt is entirely lifted up to ease the pressure of her bladder but to no avail. She has both hands tightly squeezing her vagina shut and trying not to wet her little blue G-string. She's constantly tap dancing.

Sydney has her skinny blue jeans unbuttoned to expose her neon G-string. She's completely bending over with her hands on her knees shaking with desperation.

Maria has one hand resting below belly and the other hand shaking. She's hopping on one leg struggling not to wet her pencil black skirt.

Alicia has one hand on her hip and the other hand on her face in deep concentration. She has completely taken her pants off and is in her red lace panties. She has her legs pressed together bobbing up and down.

And Kionna is in her orange granny panties just squatting down against the wall with the heel of her foot resting on her crotch.

"C'mon!!! W-W-WHY DON'T ONE OF Y'ALL GIVE UP ALREADY??!!" Alicia is basically screaming, holding her left leg up with both hands grabbing her crotch.

"S-Shut up!! What happened to that little cocky attitude of yours Senorita??" Jordan says walking in circles now. Her sundress tied above her stomach. With her and Cady's bladder bulges slowly growing it's a miracle they're surviving this long, and she's still talking trash?!

I have to admit I'm enjoying.. no.. I'm LOVING this. Anna is barely containing her excitement bouncing up and down in her seat taking out her phone recording this.

"ARE YOU FOR REAL RIGHT NOW??! W-WHY ARE YOU RECORDING??!" Kionna shouts squatting with both hands on her crotch.

"Hey, don't judge me woman. I'm going to remember this day for a long time." Anna gleefully says. Just as she says that,

"AAAHHH, OO-OOH!! F***!!" Maria whines completely bending over and then pee suddenly starts bursting out of her drenching her pencil skirt.

"AAAAAARGGHHH!!!" All of the ladies screamed in agony. Just because they're glad someone is finally out doesn't mean they want to hear it. That was the final straw for poor Jordan.

Seconds later Jordan has her back turned with her hands clutching her butt cheeks. "Oh no!! N-Noo!!" Pee suddenly shot out of her, drenching her black thong. Alicia's eyes watered when she saw this. She could be next.

"Well that's a turn of events, two ladies down, 4 to go." Anna says giddily as Maria has skirt taken off exposing her wet yellow panties.

"Great, your a commentator now?" Maria says grudgingly, Jordan's blushing red from embarrassment. Then a yell interrupts us.

"D-DAMMN IT!" Cady yells as she lazily drops her arm and lifts her skirt to see pee rushing out of her and into her g-string like a mini waterfall. "At least I'm not the first one out."

"Sorry Maria you lost our little side bet. You're the first one out so pony up those hundred bucks." Anna says happily. She not only won the bet but is enjoying the show.

"Alright ladies, this is going to be fun. Because it's challenge time!!" Anna yells.

This should be interesting.

To be continued..

