At the cinema

Author: Wet5722

*000*2012-09-06 20:52

This is my first story upload to omorashi, hope you like. This is not a true story, but I'd like to have the courage to try this one day!

It was a fairly dark and rainy Monday night. There wasn't much on TV, or many places worth visiting in town. I was scratching around for something to do, and in the end I decided on a visit to the cinema. Even if I didn't like the film, I was sure that I'd be able to keep myself entertained.

I prepared for the evening by having a long slow drink of mineral water. I got dressed and decided on wearing a shirt, my blue jeans and some white cotton panties.

I arrived at the cinema about an hour later, bought my ticket, obligatory popcorn, and ridiculously over-sized cup of cola, and looked for a seat. I'd picked a dodgy seventies science fiction flick, and hence the theatre was almost deserted, so I sat in the middle of the back row, a good few metres away from anyone else.

The usual adverts and trailers rolled by, and I psettles back to watch the film. I tried to get as comfortable as possible, although already I could feel that mineral water trying to get out. I downed the cola as quickly as possible, with a view to leaving most of it behind when I left later on.

The film had just begun when I started to really feel an urgency to pee. I shifted in my seat and squeezed my thighs together, feeling the pressure growing every minute. I waited until the next scene of the movie, then the next until at last I couldn't hold it much longer.

I relaxed ny muscles slightly and the familiar rush of excitement went through me as I felt my pee very very slowly start it's journey. The instant I felt it in my panties and starting to run between my legs, I cut off the flow, relishing the first feelings. I managed to wait another fifteen minutes before letting it go again.

By this time I really did need to go, and stopping the flow, having released it, was no longer an option. My pee filled my panties and quickly soaked into my jeans. I could feel it collecting in the seat between my legs. The film was fairly loud, but I was sure that someone would be able to hear the hiss as my pee hit the cotton of my panties. Fortunately no-one looked around to see, so I was spared that worry. After a few more seconds, the flow slowed down, and dribbled to a stop. The puddle of pee I was sitting in had crept to the edge of the seat and was dripping over the edge onto the floor.

In the halflight from the cinema screen, I looked down at my jeans. There was a big dark stain around my crotch, which extended down the insides of my thighs to my knees. I felt around my back, and the wetness there had soaked up to the belt of my jeans. It was a fantastic feeling, knowing that there I was, sitting in the cinema, completely soaked in my own pee.

Just for good measure, I got up and moved one seat to my left. I glanced down at the seat I'd been using and saw a semi-circular dark stain on the fabric. I swung it back to the vertical position and relaxed with a sigh. It was time to see the rest of the film.

After what seemed like an age, the film credits started to scroll their way up the screen. My plan with the cola appeared to have worked, as I needed to go again. My jeans and panties by this time were cold and clammy, and definitely needed warming up again. I didn't really have time to let it go slowly, as by now people were beginning to leave, and I didn't want to be the last person left.

I let my muscles go, and gave my pee a little helping push on it's way out. The hissing noise came back, and coupled with the warmth flooding through my panties gave me a fantastic feeling. I stopped it before it ran out though, as I wanted to save some for the journey home.

I stood up and pulled on my coat, and fastened it. I could feel pee trickling down my legs and into my shoes as I walked out of the theatre. Nobody looked at me on my way out, although they wouldn't have been able to see much anyway, as my coat covered me down to my knees.

As I walked home, I stopped every so often to let a fresh burst of pee into my panties. Now I was standing up, it dripped straight down the inside of my legs. After a short time, the fronts of my jeans were as wet as the backs.

Soon I got home in my soaked jeans and panties. I took off my overcoat, and headed for the kitchento get another one of those large mineral waters.

*006*2012-09-20 19:48

Glad you liked it :)

