The Annoying Passenger

Author: wether

*000*2025-09-08 14:22

Here is the story of Anne, a student traveling by train with her friends, sitting in a seat that isn’t hers. An older, principled man demands she give up his seat, forcing Anne to sit by the window, somewhat trapped by him. She increasingly needs to use the bathroom, but the man escalates the conflict…

The Annoying Passenger

“InterCity train 12340 ready to depart,” the conductor announced over the radio. The doors closed with a soft hiss, and the train began to move slowly. I walked through the middle of the modern, open-plan carriage, with bag in my hand, searching for my seat. The carriage was nearly full, with only a few empty seats here and there, creating a sense of crowdedness but also a lively atmosphere. When I reached my seat, I saw three girls, probably students, with backpacks and tickets in hand. Two blondes sat on one side of the aisle, while a brunette occupied my seat. All wore loose tops, but the brunette had on a light, flowy skirt that swayed gently with her movements. They looked to be in their early twenties, chatting cheerfully.

“Excuse me, that’s my seat,” I said calmly, pointing to the seat the brunette was in.

They looked at me, slightly surprised. The brunette—let’s call her Anne—gave a shy smile. “Oh, sorry. Would you prefer to sit by the window?” she asked, gesturing to her seat. “There’s a nice view, and we’d like to sit together.”

I shook my head, staying calm. “I chose this seat on purpose because it’s the one I like,” I replied matter-of-factly. “If I wanted to see the view, I would’ve booked a window seat. This is my seat, and I want to take it.”

Anne hesitated, and her friend with longer hair chimed in: “But maybe you could let us have it? It’s important for us—we have a lot to talk about regarding our studies. It’d be easier for us to chat.”

I looked at her, feeling a twinge of impatience. “That’s not my problem. I have a right to my seat,” I said firmly. “If you wanted to talk, you should’ve booked seats together.”

The other blonde, the one with glasses, sighed with clear embarrassment, while Anne glanced at her friends as if seeking support. “Seriously, it’s just for this trip,” she tried again, a pleading note in her voice. “Can’t we switch?”

“Are you going to move, or do I need to call the conductor?” I asked sharply, looking straight at Anne, without malice but with clear resolve.

Her smile faded, and the friend with glasses shook her head, muttering something that sounded like “overreacting.” Anne sighed, stood up with a sour expression, and moved to the window seat. “You can enjoy the view,” I said dryly, sitting down comfortably with my laptop on my lap. Taking my seat and then trying to convince me otherwise? I have a right to what I reserved. Let them deal with it.

I opened my laptop and started typing an email, though I kept an eye on Anne out of the corner of my eye. Her friends whispered to each other, shooting me disapproving looks. Let them talk. It’s their fault for not planning to sit together.

About thirty minutes later, Anne started fidgeting. At first subtly, then more noticeably. She sighed softly, shifting in her seat, pressing her thighs together under her skirt. Oh, here we go. Her squirming… it sends a thrill through me I can’t ignore. Too much coffee before the trip?

“Um… excuse me,” she whispered, leaning toward me. “I need to use the restroom. Could you let me pass?”

I looked at her coolly, not moving my legs. My laptop sat steadily on my lap. Let her squirm, let her beg. That feeling… it excites me. “You already annoyed me by taking my seat,” I said dryly, with a hint of malice. “Let me work in peace now.”

Her eyes widened, her cheeks flushed. “But… seriously? It’s just for a moment. Please…” Her voice trembled, and her friends looked at her with concern across the aisle, exchanging nervous glances.

“You should’ve thought of that earlier,” I said sarcastically. “You’re a big girl, you can hold it, can’t you?”

I felt her gaze but didn’t look up. The friend with longer hair leaned across the aisle, whispering something that sounded like encouragement, while the one with glasses pursed her lips, as if holding back a comment. Anne crossed her legs, pressing her thighs tightly together, her skirt slightly riding up. The train rocked rhythmically, and she shifted her hips, trying to hide her desperation. Minutes passed—ten, fifteen. Her breathing quickened, her hands clenched on her knees. Her desperation… every tremble of hers quickens my pulse. It’s like a show I don’t want to miss.

“Please…” she whispered again, her voice trembling, almost pleading. “I really need to go. I… I’m going to wet myself. Please, let me pass…”

I looked at her, raising an eyebrow. “You’d better hold it. That skirt won’t hide a stain for long,” I said with a mocking smirk, feeling my heart race faster. That thought… that possibility… it excites me.

Her face burned with shame, her eyes avoiding mine. The friend with glasses, unable to hold back, stood up and approached. “Sir,” she began timidly, though with a hint of irritation, “she really needs to use the bathroom. Can you get up for a moment? She’s struggling.”

I looked at her, curling the corner of my mouth. “Fine, but you sit next to me,” I said maliciously. Let’s see how much she cares about her friend. It only makes this game more thrilling.

She hesitated, glanced at Anne, then at me, and shook her head, returning to her seat. “That’s not fair,” she muttered. The friend with longer hair whispered something across the aisle, trying to comfort Anne. Anne whispered, her voice full of panic: “Please… I can’t hold it anymore… I’m going to wet my panties…”

“Promises, promises,” I replied mockingly, feeling adrenaline coursing through my veins. In reality, I’d stopped working ten minutes ago. Her pleas… they’re like music I can’t get enough of.

Her breathing became ragged, her legs trembled, and she pressed her hands to her stomach as if that could help. The friend with longer hair whispered something again, but her eyes showed helplessness. Anne bit her lip, sweat beading on her forehead, her hips shifting slightly. Her struggle, her shame… it’s a feeling of power and something more, something that keeps my eyes glued to her.

“Please, let me pass…” she whimpered quietly, her voice full of panic and tears. “I can’t hold it much longer, please, I’m begging you…”

The train slowed at a larger station, but I didn’t budge. My legs still blocked the aisle. Her face was red, her eyes glassy, her hands trembling. Suddenly, Anne shot up, struggling to squeeze past me, brushing against my legs and nearly losing her balance, then ran down the aisle, clutching her stomach. She’s barely making it, and I just watch… it excites me. Her friends followed, squeezing through the narrow aisle, and the one with glasses snapped, “You’re awful!”

“I know,” I replied with a smirk, shrugging. Their anger only makes this game more exhilarating.

When Anne returned, her face was beet red. She sank heavily into her seat, avoiding my gaze, and muttered under her breath, “Because of you, my panties are wet.”

Oh, really? I looked at her, raising the corner of my mouth. “I won’t believe it until I see it,” I said provocatively, feeling my pulse quicken. Let her feel even more ashamed. Or maybe… she’ll show me?

Her eyes flared, as if anger had overtaken her shame. “Oh yeah? Then look!” she snapped, lifting her skirt slightly to reveal wet panties with a noticeable stain, about the size of a hand, almost transparent from the moisture. What the…? It caught me off guard… and, damn it, it turned me on. That stain, that fabric… it’s driving me wild. She’s trying to shame me? My eyes widened for a moment, but I quickly regained control, flashing a mocking smirk. “Nice panties, shame they’re soaked,” I said maliciously, feeling adrenaline mix with something deeper. I need to turn this back on her, though that sight… damn, it’s stuck in my head. Her eyes filled with tears, and she turned her head to the window.

“Now you can enjoy the view,” I added, returning to my laptop.

The friend with longer hair whispered something comforting across the aisle, while the one with glasses squeezed past me to reach Anne and put a hand on her shoulder. “See what you’ve done?” she snapped, looking at me with outrage. “Aren’t you ashamed?”

“Who, me?” I replied with a smirk. “I’m not the one who wet their panties.”

Her eyes blazed with indignation, but she stayed with Anne, whispering softly. Anne remained silent, staring at the passing fields, tears on her cheeks. I closed my laptop, still feeling a slight unease. My stubbornness and resolve… who would’ve thought they’d bring such unexpected satisfaction? Sometimes refusal isn’t just about a seat—it ignites something deeper.

From time to time, I glanced at Anne, still sitting by the window, her head turned away, as if finding solace in the rapidly passing landscapes. She looked so vulnerable and sweet in her shame… I’d have liked to hug her, comfort her, maybe apologize without words. But her friends, ever vigilant, wouldn’t give me the chance. I thought that what she went through was too high a price for taking my seat. Then again, the girls were too pushy, too sure they’d win. And I really hate losing when I know I’m right.

As the train approached my station, I started gathering my things. Passing by Anne, I leaned down and whispered in her ear, “Don’t worry, it happens. You’re not the first, and probably not the last, to wet your panties.” Her cheeks flushed again, but she didn’t turn from the window. I walked away without looking back, leaving her with that thought.

Standing on the platform, I turned and looked at Anne one last time. She gazed indifferently at the people on the platform, as if finding support in the sight. I thought I’d probably never see her again, but I wouldn’t mind if our paths—or rather, the tracks—cross each other again.

*002*2025-09-15 10:30

{{On 9/13/2025 at 10:00 AM, Heloctre said:

This is the first time I've been so lost in my feelings about a story. The writing is incredibly fluid and transports us directly onto this train. On the other hand, the character repulses me with his stubbornness while making me desperately want to be in his shoes.

What's certain is that this story didn't leave me indifferent, thank you for sharing it with us.

}}

Thank you very much! I'm glad you like the story. BTW. I was thinking myself if the passenger is not too cruel even for a fictional story...

*004*2025-09-28 16:58

{{2 hours ago, Heloctre said:

After that, don't worry, the goal of fiction is to be able to develop characters and personalities that are a little limited around the edges. The freedom and creativity of writing allows you to put morally questionable situations on paper without anyone suffering in real life.

The word I would use is "detestable" because the situation makes him like that. It's quite annoying to see him continue to be stubborn while the girl seems to have learned her lesson.

}}

"The situation made him like that" is an excuse, but who knows, maybe he is that way his entire life? We can't know that by looking only at a single story. On the other hand, he seems to undestand he pushed the situation "a little" too far. But again, it's not him who began the conflict...

I'm thinking of some continuation, but unfortunately I am still too far away from any good concept. Well, it's easier to imagine circumstances, but I need to decide how he would react. Should he be as hard as he was here, or softer? Will he say "I'm sorry" when he gets a chance? Will she feel shame but at the same time some excitement when thinking of the situation (a kind of Stockholm syndrome). Many question, and not so many answers...

