In the High Valley

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2022-04-22 13:29

MY DEAREST KATY - I have a most amusing story to share with you! Yesterday Clarence and Geoff took Elsie and me up to Cheyenne canyon for the afternoon. You know the one? We took you last time you were out? At this time of year it is filled with the most delightful penstamens, columbines, and early crocus, and there is still enough melt for the waterfall to splash reliably. It really is the best of our canyons, though we must be considered quite spoiled in the way of such things. After we had finished a late lunch: cold roast joint, good bread, raspberries and cream, and a bit too much iced tea, as it transpired, but before we we quite ready to return to the ‘hut’, one of those storms we are also blessed of in abundance blew in very quickly. It was all we could do to scramble into the carryall before we got soaked through!

You know the trip back to the High Valley and home is not too long. But dearest sister, for a woman who has recently been pregnant and who was rushed into leaving before she could inspect the bushes it was entirely long enough. The ride back was an absolute anxious agony. I simply couldn’t ask to stop and stretch my legs for the rain was both heavy and incessant, there was nothing to do but cross my legs as tightly as possible and hang on. I fear I was such poor company so far as conversation that Clarence and Geoff gave up trying to talk to Elsie and me and had their own discourse primarily about the weather and cattle. Which is most of what they talk about with each other at any time so far as I can tell.

I’m embarrassed to say it’s not until we were nearly back in the Valley that it even occurred to me that Elsie must be in much the same situation as me! The poor pet had her legs crossed twice over and hadn’t said a word in half an hour before I realised, not that I was not as completely helpless to assist her as I was to help myself. Now, I have permission from Elsie to tell her part of this story as well, so don’t think me a terrible gossip. Now it is all over she finds it as funny as I do, and I’m sure you must! But at the time I think she was quite vexed. Very naturally, I felt the same, to be in such a situation with our husbands just a few feet away.

I reached out to hold her hand and assure her that we must be home and relieved within fifteen minutes at most. Which I was fairly confident I might manage, if barely. But poor Elsie near fell against me as she whispered in my ear that “she wouldn’t be able to last fifteen minutes”. I simply had no way to help but to encourage her to find strength to carry on, there was no other option. Alas, I’m afraid to say, Elsie’s prediction proved true and a gentle trickle found it’s way onto the floor of the carryall. Mercifully her husband was still turned around to talk to mine during all this. I quickly put my boots in the path of her liquid to keep it from casual reveal and held her hand tightly as a small comfort. But surely the back of her dress must be soaked, even as the rest of her was dry, and her indiscretion revealed upon our arrival. And as much as I felt for lovely Elsie I was yet worried that my dress may meet the same fate!

Just as I, and surely she, were trying to plan for her to slip away unnoticed, we became stuck in a thick patch of mud! Clarence and Geoff worked to unstick us but the delay was sure to prove a final straw to my hopes of lasting till we reached home. Indeed, I’m afraid even without the delay I may have been unable. Except it also offered both us a window of salvation. “Let’s join the boys outside!” I suggested to our forlorn Elsie, “If all of you is wet…” Our menfolk were horrified. But we assured them that we were no society ladies afraid of a little rain and if our loves must become wet we should wish the same for ourselves. I’m afraid they must have thought us quite silly. At a safe distance Elsie began to apologise to me for what had happened. Of course I quickly quietened her and assured her that I had very nearly done the same as she. With wide eyes she suggested that we visit a nearby stand of juvenile junipers but I had to inform her that, “it was too late.”

For I’m afraid, my beautiful sister, it was indeed too late. My legs were entirely awash with my own waters, filling my boots utterly. It is, I believe, not possible to contain so much while you are under a rainstorm. Of course the advantage of such a rainstorm is the evidence is quite washed away. Though I assure you, from how my lingerie clung, I knew very well what I’d done. After I’d finished, and assured Elsie that the wet patch on the back of her dress had been joined by so many other wet patches as to be unremarkable, we returned to the carryall, and endeavoured to drip sufficiently as to disguise her earlier wetness on the baseboards. And I’m very happy to report the men never had any idea of any of this!

I hope this letter finds you well my dearest Katy, and as always, if you find yourself at a loose end you must come visit. We are still expecting a visit from Johnnie and Papa next month and it would be wonderful to have you as well… Give my best to Ned, and Rose if you see her. All my love,

YOUR OWN, CLOVER

I don’t usually write fanfic. But when I do it’s based on obscure novels from the nineteenth century.

*002*2022-04-29 16:12

{{On 4/27/2022 at 4:33 AM, Flush said:

Thanks WaityKaty for the story. I have to say that I had trouble imagining the whole scenario until I read your comment that indicated the story situated itself in the 19th century. After some googling “… oh, so that is a carryall!”

}}

Yeah I had to Google a carryall as well.

In hindsight I absolutely should have stuck the authors notes at the front of this one. I am considering doing a *little* more with this. So if I do I will!

