The Girls at School

Author: Wrakkar

*000*2020-08-24 06:38

I'm not entirely sure which forum this one should go in. I responded to a request by someone, in which they asked for a story about a girl with bladder incontinence who is forced to spend the day without her diaper. If this should be moved into omutsu, please let me know.

I also didn't expect this to get as long as it did. Wrote it in practically one sitting, and it's over 4,200 words.

Warning before reading, this has been adapted from the request. This story is omorashi-centric, but also has a main character in her late teens who experiences bullying, public humiliation, and coerced sexual behaviour.

The Girls at School

Samantha was a very prim and proper girl. Small and wiry, she had a streak of pride about her that drove her to work hard at her studies, appearance, and hobbies. Growing up in a moderately conservative household, she disdained her classmates' obsession with makeup, messy hair, and overly short skirts. Samantha's dirty blonde hair was almost always tied back into a bun or pony tail, though occasionally she opted for braids. She kept her belongings tidy, and would help her mother iron her clothes in the evening. She would even polish her school shoes.

But Samantha had a shame that she carried with her at all times. She was born with a small bladder, and regularly had difficulties in making it to a toilet when she needed to go. Notes to teachers from her doctor could only go so far in helping her, and she was forced to wear incontinence pads most of the time. Her preference for wearing trousers had to be modified to suit this, of course. Tight jeans-like black trousers were the fashion for her school uniform, but the uniform instructions only specified that girls wear "trousers or skirt, black". To Samantha this meant she could wear the boy's standard of trousers. Its crotch area accommodated enough space for their genitals, and would suit her need for padding. Albeit, she had to wear a size bracket one or two down than expected for her age.

The pads were not too intrusive with these trousers, though the fact that they replaced any normal underwear for her brought difficulties in gym classes. Instead of changing with the other girls, she would change in a toilet cubicle. By now most girls had asked her why she did this, and her excuse was that she was too shy to undress in front of the others. Her preference for boy's trousers had caused some speculation however. Rumours started circulating that she was actually a boy. Her slim form belied her gender, she supposed, having not grown very prominent breasts.

Samantha could have lived with the rumours, except for a gang of particularly nasty girls. The nastiest among them, Sarah, had recently taken to following her around at break and lunchtime. Sarah would call her names like "bender", or "perv", and when nobody was looking she would push Samantha, or pull her hair. Sarah's friends were all in on it, and kept spreading new rumours about her. It didn't take long before Samantha had found herself with practically no friends in her classes, and Sarah's gang increased the time they spent with her. Not that she would ever let anyone know how much this hurt. She knew that her refusal to cry or even object only infuriated Sarah more, but it was the only revenge Samantha was going to get for now.

But as Samantha made her way to school early one morning, Sarah would step further past Samantha's boundaries than she had ever before.

* * *

Samantha had only just passed through the school's main entrance, when Sarah started following her again. There was ten minutes until morning register, then two classes of forty-five minutes each, followed by morning break. Samantha would go to the toilet before she left home, but preferred a second go before register if she could. Sarah quickly caught up with her, and started her usual routine.

"So, perv, what are you doing today?"

Samantha said nothing.

"What, nothing? If you did nothing you would be truant or something."

Samantha quickened her pace, looking for a teacher before anything happened.

Sarah kept following, but as Samantha made to turn towards the reception desk - which had a unisex disabled toilet and a member of staff watching - Sarah grabbed her shoulder.

"Since you're clearly not busy, you're coming with me."

The pair of them wheeled around, and exited the building through a door opposite the reception. This took them onto a large paved area, often used for lunchtime gathering and sports, that connected the main building to two additional buildings and a large grassy field. Up ahead was one of the additional buildings, filled with workshops, and Sarah dragged Samantha over to it. She quickly shovelled her into a large storage cupboard, filled with bits of wood, metal, and various hand tools.

Samantha's heart plummeted as she realised who was in the cupboard with her. The entire gang had showed up: four girls plus Sarah and herself. Two girls took each of Samantha's arms and pinned her to a wall, as Sarah stood in front of her and eyed her suspiciously.

"Well. I didn't think it would be this easy!" She started grinning. "Look, it's been fun talking about how you might be a boy, but after all this time I just really want to know..."

She slowly unbuttoned the top of Samantha's trousers. "I've just been so curious - you always sit with the girls, go into the girls' room, talk and act like a girl. But you're even more flat-chested than my cousin - he's a boy by the way - and you wear boy's trousers."

She unzipped Samantha's trousers pointedly, "and if after all this time you've been lying to us about who you really are, I think we deserve to know!"

She yanked Samantha's trousers off, causing them to pool at her ankles. The five girls gawped at her legs, and what was there instead of panties.

"Oh my god, what is this? Sammy, is this what I think it is? Oh no! Oh poor you! You can't control your bladder, can you?"

The girls started laughing, and one of them poked at her incontinence pad.

"Hey, Sarah" chimed another of the girls, "what if she's still a boy? We can't see anything through this."

Sarah reached down to the padding, and slowly peeled it away from her body. "Oh. Well that's disappointing. I suppose you were just too scared of us finding out about this to change with us. Well, as a punishment for leading us on like this, I'll be keeping this. And any others you might have with you."

One of the girls rifled through Samantha's schoolbag while the others stared at her naked lower half, giggling. Tears brimmed in Samantha's eyes and she tried to cover herself with her now free hands, but the girls pulled her hands away. Before they could get any new ideas, the bell rang, signalling the start of the day. Sarah's girls left quickly, and Samantha dressed herself once more.

###

Between the end of register and the start of break there was no real chance to go to the toilet. But neither did Sarah or her friends share the first two classes with her. Samantha drank her supply of water in these lessons out of habit, even though she knew that some liquid would still be filtering into her bladder from breakfast. If she needed to go she would simply ask the teacher and be let out, and with her doctor's note she could even do this just a few minutes before break. She tried to avoid over-using this power though, lest any teacher think she was using it as an excuse to get out of working.

The first lesson, maths, passed pretty quickly as it was her strongest subject. She consumed about half of her 500ml water bottle while concentrating hard on her work, and failed to notice the impact this had on her bladder until the class began filing out of the room for the next lesson. She could feel that her bladder was starting to fill, but it was futile to try asking for a toilet break now. The first lesson's teacher might say yes, but then she would have to explain to the next teacher why she missed the start of the lesson (which was always the most important part).

Samantha decided to sit through the first part of the next lesson, English, and then ask to leave. She never failed to catch up on work mid-lesson, and would be in the best place to figure out how to avoid Sarah during break. She dutifully marched into class with everyone else, and sat herself at a table at the back of the room. Tables in this room were lined in columns facing the teacher, and this table was on the rightmost column - placed against a wall. She got out her things - notebook and pencilcase - and put them in order.

To her mild surprise and annoyance, a boy sat next to her. She had seen him in this class before, but did not even know his name. She never really paid attention to who responded to the start-of-class register. This was going to be slightly inconvenient when she got up to pee, but was otherwise not a problem. Register was called, rolling through the alphabet to "Silvia, Samantha", to which she responded. More names were called out until "Williams, Aden", to which the boy responded.

The teacher soon launched into a lecture on grammar, while the class took notes. Samantha absent-mindedly started sipping her water again, making sure that she knew what apostrophes were for. Tongue sticking out her mouth as she quickly wrote in her book, she failed to notice that the boy was taking no notes at all. It was not long before Samantha's need returned to her, all the stronger for having kept drinking. She paused in her notes for a moment and considered whether it was the right time to leave. Break would have to be spent avoiding Sarah, and the lesson after that would be with her. Samantha would be best served peeing as late into the lesson as possible, but her small bladder had a habit of not letting her last as long as she might like.

She let another few minutes go by - the teacher now setting the classwork and handing out worksheets - and soon decided. Setting down her pen, and neatly placing it next to the mostly empty water bottle, Samantha made to raise her hand. Halfway through the motion though, a hand grabbed her forearm and pushed it against her side. She struggled against it, and tried to push him away, but Aiden gave her a look of amused interest and put a finger to his mouth.

"I knew you didn't know me. I'm Sarah's boyfriend."

Samantha felt the same anxious and apprehensive feeling she had felt upon being forced into the cupboard. This was too much for one day. Aiden waited for her to stop struggling, and then continued. "Sarah told me about you, last lesson. I had no idea you were a pants-wetter! I did wonder if you were a boy, too, but now that we know..." He grinned.

Samantha's bladder felt uncomfortably full, and her urge to pee met with her embarrassment and impending shame, nearly tearing up her eyes again. "Please let me go, I can't hold it very long" she whispered urgently.

Aiden looked very obviously down at her lap, then into her eyes. "You know, the other girls seem to think that tight clothes are sexier, more revealing, but looking at you now I'm not so sure they're right."

Samantha looked down at her lap. Her girlish form, now without any padding, was revealed in its soft curvature between her legs. The shape of the boys' trousers, designed for someone bulkier, did nothing to hide it. Her cheeks flushed red, and she moved her book to cover herself - her lack of any underwear gave her the feeling that the boy could see straight through those trousers.

"What, wet yourself already?"

"N-no."

"Well good. Wouldn't want that seat getting wet."

Samantha tried to end this conversation by going back to her work. Aiden let her play up the ruse for a while as the teacher started talking again. If she could hold on until break, maybe she could run from Aiden before Sarah came over... She would undoubtedly leak by then. She could already feel her bladder protesting, and there was still twenty minutes to go. She turned to him.

"Please let me go. I don't know why Sarah is doing this but it's not right."

"Go where?" He said, feigning ignorance.

"To... to the toilet" she mumbled in response, looking away as she did.

"Oh no, I want to see how this turns out." Aiden then pulled a water bottle out of his bag and set it down next to hers. It was another 500ml bottle, filled to the brim with water. "I always bring two of these so I don't have to refill at lunch, but this is much more fun. Tell you what. If you can drink the entire bottle without losing control and peeing yourself, I will tell Sarah to leave you alone."

Samantha's heart beat faster. There was no way that she could do it. Maybe if she drank it quickly and ran straight to the girls' room... But her bladder contracted, and she felt a slight warmth between her lips. She pressed one hand into her crotch as the other tightened its grip on her pen. Her heart fluttered at the feeling. Without her padding she had no safety net, and without it she could feel every facet of her girlhood through the fabric of her trousers. It was an unfamiliar, but weirdly exciting feeling.

"Come on, I think we can skip the rest of this class and the next one. That should give us enough time." Aiden raised his hand. The teacher waved at him, and he marched to the front of the class. He whispered something in the teacher's ear, and the teacher nodded. Returning to Samantha, who was now bent forwards slightly and trying to disguise her desperation by resting her left forearm on her lap, and staring into her notebook in a faux reading position. It was not effective - she was practically digging her elbow into her leg as her forearm tensed against the right knee, hand tightened into a fist.

"I've told the teacher you're not feeling well. Pack up your things and come with me."

###

Aiden led her out of class and down a corridor, turning right at the end, and continuing down another corridor. Samantha's dignity was already lost to Aiden, and she kept squeezing herself every few steps. Aiden soon stopped, and turned left to face a short corridor with one door leading out towards the field, and another into...

"Is that the boy's changing room?"

"Hell yeah! Best place for us. There won't be anybody in here until after third period. By my count that gives us..." Aiden checked his watch, "an hour and twenty minutes."

Samantha gave him a reproachful look as he put a hand on her back and lightly pushed her towards the door. The changing room was hidden from the door opening by a wall, which opened up into a large room full of benches. Most were around the room, but some were placed like dividers to maximise the amount of seating. At the backs of each bench was a metal frame with hooks for bags. Continuing along the wall led to a small restroom, and as Aiden led her into the changing area she could see a row of sinks, a couple of urinals, and a damaged-looking cubicle at the end of the room.

Aiden took Samantha's bag, and set both their bags onto one of the benches. He brought out the water bottle again, and offered it to her. The room felt very cold, very real now that they were alone together. Butterflies seemed to flutter in her stomach as she followed Aiden's lead and took the bottle. Her bladder was already full, pee already starting to come out. She squeezed her lips together, reluctantly feeling an almost masturbatory pleasure as she did so. She crossed her legs and leaned back against one of the walls, knees clearing the low bench.

The first mouthful of water was not so difficult, but it would hasten her impending accident. She really had no choice. Aiden was much stronger than her, so she had no chance of escaping him. She paused to let the water go down, wishing Aiden would stop staring at her, and hoping she could avoid wetting herself - or at least holding enough in to win the deal. She made to take a second drink, but Aiden stopped her.

"Oh no, not so fast." He took the bottle from her. "That's enough for now. I'm not going to make this easy. Sarah really likes playing with you, so I want my time's worth here."

He placed a hand on her shoulder, pressing her firmly into the wall, and ran his other hand down her stomach. He stopped as his fingers slid lightly over the area of her bladder, and tapped his fingers onto her. Samantha squirmed under his pressure and nearly squealed as she fought back a dribble of urine that threatened to escape her. Aiden lifted her pressed shirt, and examined the region of her belly.

He pressed his fingers in again, as though searching for something. Samantha's bladder hurt, and tried to expel its contents again. She gripped her girlhood with both hands, her own fingers practically crushed between her thighs, and closed her eyes. She could not remember being this desperate to pee. The comfort of her padding always let her leaks go unnoticed, and she could even empty herself into them if she had to. Holding on for this long was something she never normally had to do, least of all with someone watching.

"Oh Samantha, I'm not sure you need to go to the toilet at all! I've teased Sarah whenever she really needed to pee, and she was always much more full than this."

Samantha quietly squealed in protest as she squirmed, Aiden only removing his hand as she did so. "Please, I really do need to!"

"Need to what?"

"I need to go to the toilet!"

Aiden pressed into her bladder again, saying "clearly not enough."

He let go of her, and she bent forwards with the pain. Aiden offered the bottle again. She took a mouthful, and he removed it. He pressed her back against the wall with one hand, and ran that hand up her chest, up her neck, and to her chin. He stared into her pleading eyes as he lifted her chin into a more regal position. He pushed her arms back to her sides, and made her uncross her legs. She immediately pressed her thighs together. Aiden kept her in that position.

Samantha stayed in that position, with Aiden eyeing her up, for an uncomfortably long time. She could feel her body attempt to dispense more water into her bladder, but it could take no more. Her bladder contracted, and she clenched her fists and bent her hands back in the only movement Aiden would allow, opening the vulnerability of her wrists as she tried to hold back her urge. It subsided for a moment, and then a moment longer. Aiden took to staring into her eyes again.

Another wave of desperation overcame her, and she repeated the movement from before. She could feel her mounting urge right through her urethra, and for a moment it was as though her existence emanated from her girlhood. Unable to take it any longer, she bent forwards and shoved her hands into her crotch, but was unable to stop a sliver of urine spurting out. It formed a rivulet sliding down her right leg, the trousers poorly placed for absorption. A knot formed in her throat and tears welled in her eyes for the second time that day, as shame started to take over.

Aiden straightened her up, now not leaning against the wall. Legs straight, separated at the feet by a few inches. Back straight, as though she had no urges at all. Arms at her side once more. Samantha felt like a doll being played with as Aiden's hands made her body his own. Aiden took a picture with his phone before she moved out of position. He now fed her water from the bottle, permitting another mouthful.

He wrapped an arm around her comfortingly, and pressed her head into his embrace. "It's okay, you'll be alright. You can keep holding on, just another couple of mouthfuls. Then I'll let you pee."

Aiden had to move her hands away from her crotch again, and replaced them with his own hand. His firm press felt comfortable, and reminiscent of her padding. She nearly relaxed into his hand, but stopped herself, pressing her thighs together again, before she broke the deal. She felt his fingers exploring her sex through the fabric of the trousers, rubbing her on either side of her lips, and then between them. It felt intrusive and enjoyable at the same time. His hand moved with surety and comforted her even as he pleasured her.

She gave into the sensation, preferable as it was to the ongoing pain and humiliation. He moved faster, in time with her own breathing, now becoming rhythmic. She shut her eyes and leaned back her head in acceptance. Pleasure mounted, but her urge to pee rose again. She placed her hands over his, still locked in embrace, and tensed. Aiden stopped his movements and gripped her tightly, in time to feel a spurt of urine wet the front of her trousers. His firm press helped her hold back until she regained control of herself, and then resumed the movements.

Her breathing quickened, and his hand followed suit. She bent forwards as she approached climax. The realisation hit her that her orgasm would crush her bladder, as a wave of pleasure transformed into a wave of desperation and pain as her bladder tried to reject its contents again. Aiden once more pressed into her until she regained control, with only a dribble escaping. More movements, quicker. She tried to calm herself, to resist his masturbation, to protect her aching bladder, but it was no use. Another wave, and another near forfeit.

Samantha moaned in (dis)pleasure at the fast approaching conclusion, and Aiden tightened his embrace. She tried to push his hand away from the focus of her pleasure, but found her wrists locked in Aiden's other hand as he stood behind her. She bent forwards, mouthing incoherent protest, and squealed as the orgasm overcame her. The pressure on her poor bladder was unlike anything else. Her legs buckled until she was supported only by Aiden, her weight leaning into his dampening hand.

Aiden let her go. She sank to her knees and thrust both hands into her crotch again. She sobbed with pain and shame as a prominent streak of dampness slid down her right leg, almost reaching her knee. Aiden pulled her head back, looked into her tearful face, and thrust the water bottle into her mouth. She began shaking, practically vibrating as she accepted the remaining water. Tears slid down her face, and she massaged the area of her bladder with a damp hand in a futile attempt to console herself. Aiden pulled the bottle away with just a sliver of water left within it.

He made her stand up, and turned her to face him. She looked downwards, staring blankly into his chest. He lifted her chin again until she looked into his eyes. They were soft now, almost sympathetic but still with a look of imperiousness.

"It's nearly over. You may now pee - not here, but over there." He pointed at the restroom behind her. "If you follow this last instruction, I'll let you drink the last of the water. Then it'll be all over, and Sarah won't be bothering you anymore."

"A-alright" she whispered, wiping tears from her eyes with the back of a hand, "what do I have to do?"

Aiden walked her into the restroom, and stood her in front of a urinal. Samantha, a hand still gripping herself as tightly as possible, felt a knot in her throat.

"I-I can't." She stammered hoarsely, turning her head to look at Aiden.

"What do you mean?"

"I'm a girl, I can't... I can't use it!"

"I thought you needed to pee?" Aiden pushed her a step forward, until she loomed over the urinal as though she was about to use it.

Aiden slid his hand between hers and the zipper of her trousers, and unzipped her. He withdrew his hand, and Samantha quickly covered herself with both hands. She began to cry. This was not the tearfulness or minor sobbing of moments ago, but hopeless crying as she felt like she hit a dead end. She lost control of herself, mere inches from a hypothetical relief, urinating into her hands like they counted as a replacement for her padding. Her legs crossed themselves as she urinated, and streaks of dark wetness combined into a soaking of her trouser legs. Pee cascaded through her fingers as her open zipper futilely tried to facilitate peeing into the urinal.

Aiden stepped back as she did this, observing her from the side. When it was over, he sighed as the tension in the room lightened.

"Close enough I think. Don't worry, you'll not be seeing much of Sarah ever again."

###

