Homestuck Fic: Cronus Ampora/Kankri Vantas

Author: wolferine

*000*2019-05-13 08:17

Hey so i wrote this very self indulgent disaster and i thought i'd post it here for other people to indulge in.

Its homestuck in 2019, its kinda shippy, its 100% unfinished and just drops off at the end. its ART. no its not

ALSO i take custom fic commissions. this little number is almost 6000 words and would cost about 50 bucks. ill write anything except ageplay.

###

Kankri finally permits you to accompany him to a film. One film, Cronus, so make it a good one. Compromise is only reached after promising to go with him to the store afterwards to stock your meal vault with something other than “heaps and heaps of sugar.” You’re so pleased he’s relented to going out in public with you that you’d let him fill your whole hive with Vantas-approved hyperorganic, ethically packaged and sampled food. Before you leave, Kankri makes you wait patiently for him to “make the place presentable.” He intends to cook and needs a spotless radius of thirty feet at all times to do so. You don’t consider yourself someone who lives in filth but he spends half an hour scrubbing anyways. The Vantas-Maryams must live in an antisceptic tank. Waiting on the couch makes you sleepy to the point that you begin to doze off. When Kankri rouses you you blearily chug an energy drink so you don’t fall asleep during the film.

At the theater, the electric blue of the slushie machine is persuasive enough to justify dropping a few bucks on an extra large. You get Kankri a soda as well even though he expresses his disinterest. He has to have the classic movie theater experience including soda and and a big bag of grubkernels.

Just as you get comfy in the dark theater your abdomen distantly twinges. You probably drank a stupid amount right before watching a movie, but hindsight twenty twenty you suppose. You aren’t worried enough to refuse finishing the last half of Kankri’s drink when he refuses it.

Halfway through the film, regret is catching up with you. You’re pretty sure Kankri will never want to do this with you again. He is reasonably absorbed in the plot and, ever the polite movie watcher, he hardly acknowledges your existence. The chance of him picking up on your discomfort is low, you think, however you really have to pee. It’s making you jumpier than you already would be. You’ll look like an idiot if you get up; Kankri will question why you took him to see a movie if you were going to leave for part of it, and you don’t want to admit to needing to go badly enough to get up. So you don’t. And you’re fine. You nervously chew on the straw of your nearly empty drink (which is so huge, that’s really all inside you now oh God) and try to shove the need to the back of your mind. You’ll run to the trap after the flick and be done with it then. For now, you just have to wait.

Something about that thought makes your junk tingle pleasantly. You briefly contemplate an alternate scenario in which Kankri is cognizant of the growing tension between your hips. You cross your legs as casually as possible and tense up against the pressure your jeans put between your legs and against your stomach. It feels good and makes you hyperaware of how firm your abdomen has gotten. You want to shift your thighs together and chase the feeling but Kankri would chide you for squirming. Your cheeks prickle at the thought.

Being vaguely horny entertains you for a while until it really starts to get bad. You miss the last twenty minutes as you are too busy agonizing about how stupid you were to drink so much and how it’s all just sitting in your gut and your bladder and it’s only going to get even worse you drank so much. You’ve never been so happy to have reached the end of the movie when you do. You aren’t someone who spends a lot of time with your bladder so full; you’re really getting close to a level of urgency that you aren’t happy to be out in public with.

Kankri rises, brushes himself off, and shares his thoughts as you try to walk calmly out og the theater. “Well, that was alright I suppose. I’d rather just wait to watch something at home next time, though. It’s uncomfortable to be around so many other trolls, and the whole “theater” concept is rather gimmicky. I really think they’re simply more breeding grounds for bacteria and indecent behavior… That said, I’m not unhappy I came.”

“Me too, doll.” You hardly hear anything he says. You really need to piss and you aren’t the only troll who does. Your bloodpusher sinks through your feet at the sight of the lines for the traps. They stick out the doors and trail down the halls. You can’t justify waiting in that without admitting the intensity of your need, and you don’t want to stand around waiting for so long. You’ll just wait to be home in fifteen minutes.

“Ugh, there are far too many people in these kinds of places, Cronus. Next time I get to pick the location. Perhaps the library?”

“Sounds nice, chief.” You feel swallowed up by the trolls around you, stuck in the middle of the crowd and really needing to be somewhere private.

Kankri weaves through the crowds faster than you. He waits by the exit with his hands on his hips. “Let’s go to the store and get home.”

Fuck! You try not to stomp your foot in frustration. “Right, the store. Cool.” He’ll only berate you for being impolite and irresponsible if he finds out, so you won’t be obvious about it or make him wait for you. Besides, you don’t want him to think you’re too weak to wait until you get back to your hive.

Ahh, your stomach feels so round and full, almost like you need to support it with your arms. You take a moment to be glad you wore your big jacket so you can hide your swollen melon of a bladder. The pressure on your pisshole remains dull and throbby, ever present but not impossible to live with (yet). As you walk the sensation burns worst at several epicenters, one between your legs, one across your abdomen and one deep inside your nook. Your slowly emerging bulgetip throbs headily, responding to the mounting internal pressure. You. Have. To. Pee.

“Cronus!” Aw, shit. Kankri sneers in your face with his hands on his little hips. “I feel like a broken record, but you really never listen to a word I say! Do you have soundproof padding instead of a skull?” He firmly raps his knuckles on your sternum as though knocking on a door. The vibrations travel down your core to deep inside your nook, behind your desperate bladder. You struggle not to wiggle away and groan.

“Sorry, Kan. Lead the way. ‘Splain as we go.” You promptly run out of sentence-structuring juice. Luckily for you, he takes you up on your suggestion and guides you by the left elbow. “I gotta pee so bad,” you moan under your breath.

“What did you say? Stop mumbling.” FUCK stop saying your own thoughts aloud! You shake your head, regretting ever opening your mouth. Kankri sighs heavily. “Don’t interrupt me, Cronus. Anyways, we’re picking up some ingredients at the market so I can make us a proper meal. Don’t slow me down.” Oh no, not a problem at all chief, you won’t be slowing anyone down. You’re bordering on frantic. Your fangs are floating.

Alright Chief, these trains of thought are lookin’ to crash into each other. You got this! Don’t think about it. You’ll help Kankri track down what he needs so you get on the shuttlehusk as quickly as possible. Then you can sit down, cross your legs, and immediately after you’ll be home. Of course, the only store Kankri deems enterable is the furthest from the station. Hope lights up in your soul when you reach your destination. Maybe you’ll find relief in here, somehow. “How can I help out, pal?” Your heart sinks when he responds by handing you the basket expectantly. Follow him around as he ponders about what specific size of green leafy thing to buy, is what he means.

Not a problem for you, of course.

You simply are incapable of staying still so you shift your weight from side to side while Kankri browses vegetables. You’re a little afraid that if you stood still you might immediately begin to lose it in your pants. Cool flush races up your throat to the tips of your ears as you dwell on the thought of losing control right here in the middle of the aisle, in front of Kankri. Your body begs you to relax and let it release buckets all over yourself and where you stand. The thought makes your nook clench and your pisshole spasm.

Suddenly you feel numb between the legs. For a gut-wrenching second you can’t tell if you’re wetting or not. The basket hits the ground immediately as you shove a hand into your crotch. Your jeans are damp. Your legs slam together and you bend over in a panic. You’re actually wetting yourself in public. Please no, no, not here man this is such shit! You spring up like a frantic jack in the box and stamp your foot to regain control. Kankri, bless him, missed your humiliating performance. He returns from the next aisle with an armful of grubshells.

“Hello? You alright back here?” You have to wonder how a lowblood so small can talk as though he is so high above you.

“I’m just fine, chief,” you manage. “Stubbed my toe.”

Kankri’s scathing doe eyes glance you up and down. He almost looks like he’s smirking at you. “You are such a baby. Try to keep up.”

“Yes Boss,” you grumble. Bending over to pick up the basket makes your thighs shake. If only Kankri was as desperate as you, he wouldn’t be so aloof. Biological needs are downright incapacitating when as urgent as yours. You’d like to watch Kankri struggle to stand still long enough to pick out his ridiculous groceries, knowing that under his perfectly pressed sweater he’s aching for something so classless and primal. Something that even he can’t deny himself of forever. You’ve hardly seen him enter an ablution block, let alone desperate to go. Kankri’s tiny frame can’t possibly hold that much, you reason. He must be pretty anal about it, as he is with everything, to make sure no one ever sees him so undone. You wonder if he’d crack under the internal pressure and admit his need to you or if he’d try to keep it entirely hidden and inevitably hit that point where, no matter how hard he tried, he would end up making a mess of himself.

The fantasy soothes your own need long enough to make it to checkout; however you doubt Kankri would ever be as careless as you as to get into this kind of situation. Furthermore, you yourself are nearly at that awful, humiliating point.

Carrying the groceries to the station for is almost unbearable, but Kankri seems to expect you to do it therefore you do without complaint. Every step jostles and constricts your bladder. Kankri doesn’t seem to be walking as briskly as usual; perhaps you have to go so badly that time is slowing down around you. Mercy shines her glorious light upon you via your train home’s headlights appearing as soon as you reach the platform. You board the train with haste.

Oh, lord, the train. It’s not packed, but it’s crowded. You need to find something to sit on and grind against or you will lose it before you get off the train.

A small tug at your elbow. “There’s a seat here, Cronus.” Kankri is your savior, you’ll never talk smack about him again. You sit down immediately with your purchases on your lap, away from your stomach. Your jeans cut into your abdomen, ripping the dearly anticipated moment of relief away from you. Kankri takes his purchases from you while you squirm into a more comfortable position as subtly as possible. To your shock and horror, he does not choose to sit in the seat to your right but instead in your lap.

Since when does Kankri Vantas sit in your lap? On public transport? You gesture incredulously to the empty seat. How are you supposed to fidget around with him in your lap?

“Oh, good idea Cronus.” He places one of the bags on it and the other between your feet. He sits sideways on your shuffling legs, one hand wrapped around the aisle pole for stability.

You chuckle nervously. “Woah there, since when were you okay with this kinda stuff?”

He leers down at you. The bag in the empty seat next to you rustles. A couple of your fellow passengers are giving you distasteful looks, but no one seems to make anything of you other than an unusual and obnoxious red pair. “It’s crowded, Cronus. We take up less space this way.”

Bull-fucking-shit. You squint-eyes at him and he rolls his. One of his arms wraps around your shoulders and he leans into you, putting more pressure than you can stand on top of your stomach. Immediately you worry you’re going to lose it full-force onto your seat. You hiss and dig your nails into his waist. “Babe, I love this an’ all, but please-- get off me!”

Kankri looks at you in a way that makes you nervous. “Hmm? Why? I thought you liked P-D-A.”

Shame spills over in your gut, but you have no creativity right now. You have to confess the truth. Looking down, you quietly confess your plight. “I do, I do, I just gotta piss, man. That’s all.”

Kankri pauses a moment for you to add anything else you might have to explain yourself, then smiles at you patiently. “I know.” His tone is noxiously sweet.

You gape at him in horror but he ignores you and gazes out the window. You want to set yourself on fire.

He’s known the whole time.

Kankri glances down at your face and cracks an amused grin. Oh God, he’s mocking me. “Is something wrong?” Kankri laughs softly and leans in close again. His breath is hot on your ear. You try not to groan in muddled desperation and embarrassment.

“No, nothin’. You just aren’t helping me at all by sittin’ on my lap. You’re, um, squishing me, y’know?”

Kankri’s arm comes down between you and rests threateningly over the swell of your distended bladder. “Squishing you?” He leans into it, watching you carefully. Neediness punches you in the gut. You bounce your knee frantically and try not to moan loud enough for anyone else to hear. Your bulge begins to unsheathe and press against the fabric of your jeans. You clench a fist in Kankri’s sweater and breathe out unsteadily. You have to go so badly it’s difficult to breathe deeply.

Kankri is about to force you to make a very public, very pissy mess of yourself. He must see the realization on your face, because he pulls back and pats your shoulder amicably. “You’ll be fine, dear. We’re almost home.”

How dare he patronize you. Hate and love and lust and shame dissolve into each other and make your nook drool. You give up fighting him only because you need to fight a bigger battle right now. Your bladder throbs and you grit your teeth. You will make it to your hive without disgracing yourself. You just have to focus.

Kankri’s hot breath on your face is very distracting. “You’ll be fine,” he repeats as his small hands press with surprising firmness against your stomach. Curling away from him gets you nowhere but trapped against the back of your seat. “You really looked like you might not be alright, though, back at the store. I asked you to hold the basket to test your composure. You were dancing around like a child.” Kankri speaks as though he is observing you for entertainment. You fight so hard not to whine. Your fins, which are surely bright purple, shudder and droop. Your nook clenches and your bladder screams. He’s got to be exaggerating just to get at you; how does he think his is helpful?

You’re certain that the little sadist doesn’t.

The train stops for longer than usual at one stop and Kankri takes the seat next to you as the car finally empties. You perch at the edge of your chair and jackhammer your knees with your hands gripping your thighs. You’re about to try and get off the train to find a bathroom when it starts up again. Just as well, if there wasn’t one available right off the platform you’d have to wait for the next train home in soaked clothes. Kankri places his hand on the small of your back. The gesture is comforting for a moment until he curls his fingers in two belt loops and tugs the waistband of your jeans back against the swell of your bladder. You crumple in on yourself and try not to wail.

“Sit properly, Cronus. Goodness.”

You nearly die from how embarrassed you are. At least you’re alone in the car now, you are no longer able to stay still. You try to steady yourself, thighs pressed together and the unsheathed third of your slick bulge throbbing, but you just can’t find any position that gives you the relief from the intense pressure between your legs that you desperately want. In a pathetic search for anything to help you hold your overstuffed bladder, you shove your arm between your legs and grind your crotch into your forearm. You are so sensitive but so desperate.

Kankri tsks.

“You aren’t doing a very good job of remaining composed, mister charming. What if anyone else was in here?”

It is the physical reality that you can’t keep it together at the moment and you just hate him for insinuating that it should be easy. You’re utterly bursting. A harsh shiver runs down your spine and catches in your gut. Nausea washes over you and a moan bubbles up in your throat.

The next thing you know, you’re pissing yourself.

It takes a second for you to process that you’re really pissing. You’re just going and you can’t stop or slow down. So much is stuffed inside of you that it doesn’t feel like you are, but wetness forcefully shoots into your pants with an audible hiss. It races out from between your legs and around your thighs. Panicking, you jump to your feet and double over, gripping yourself and pissing right through your fingers. Kankri makes an alarmed sound.

“Oh my God, Cronus stop!”

“I’m trying!” You want to yell at him but it comes out as an unsteady moan, almost a sob. You manage to shut the stream off despite how badly your body begs to continue releasing. Your inner thighs are soaked down to your knees and one wet stream streaks down around your right calf to your ankle. You lock your legs together and wipe your piss stained hand the dry part of your jeans, the pair that you are so pleased are black. “Fuck me,” you groan. Least that would help me hold. You slap your mental self.

“You made a mess of public property,” Kankri oberserves quietly. The disdain in his voice is diluted by something else, shock perhaps. He’s right; your seat has a wet spot the size of your splayed hand and the floor beneath your feet is splattered with your leaks. Your face feels like it must be solid violet.

“I can’t do anything about it,” you mumble. You quickly sit down and pop the button of your jeans. It makes very little difference. Your bulge thrashes for more space, but there is none just as there’s none in your bladder. You swallow heavily. “I just. I jus’ couldn’t. Kan, you don’t understand how fuckin’ bad I gotta go. I dunno if I can, if...” Humiliation eats up your words and clamps your jaw shut. Kankri’s warm hand on your shoulder feels much more reassuring this time.

“But you’re still enjoying this, aren’t you?” he murmurs, eyes trained downwards on the movement in your wet jeans. Your throat chirrs involuntarily because he’s right. “You’re going to be fine. There’s only one more stop until ours.” He rests his hand very gently against your stomach. “You won’t make a public spectacle of yourself because you know I’ll never speak to you again if you do.” Your only response is a pleading whine. He kisses your cheek, leaning somewhat awkwardly in order to avoid touching any part of you near your accident. “I know you’re strong enough.” He doesn’t sound like he really believes that you are.

Despite the rising chances of being doomed, you rock diligently back and forth in your seat for the remainder of the trip. You will not pee yourself. It proves even harder to keep your gates locked up once they’ve sprung a leak, but you won’t pee yourself. Occasionally Kankri gives you murmured encouragement, but mostly you feel him closely watching you in thoughtful silence. His presence alone feels like disgracing yourself in front of an entire schoolfeed. You squirm under his sharp gaze but you’re swimming up to your fintips in piss and there isn’t enough room to try and avert his stare.

Finally, blessedly, the train pulls into your station. You leap to your feet and vibrate impatiently in front of the car doors waiting for them to release you from your tormentous prison. Kankri hovers at your side. He seems a little humiliated to be seen with you, but he can stuff it because no one on Beforus feels more humiliated and needy and disheveled than you in this moment.

The train doors part and you dart onto the platform only to be overwhelmed by the crowd of trolls around you. You have to go so badly you can hardly see. The only thought in your head is so full, so full, so full. You dither, paralyzed in all directions by the pressure, until Kankri grabs you by the arm and tugs you forwards. You follow him willingly and pray that he leads you somewhere you can rip your nasty jeans down and let go in a frantic rush.

Kankri does not lead you immediately to a trap or an alley or a gutter or a damned shot glass. He guides you indifferently out of the underground, deftly avoiding as many trolls as possible. You freeze before the stairs, convinced you won’t make it up. Kankri pats your arm.

“Forwards, Cronus. You can make it.”

You feel liquid re-soaking your jeans with every other step all the way to the top but ignore it because you’d rather mostly make it than take too much time to compose yourself and gush everywhere right here.

“Fuck me Kanny, jus’ fuck me I gotta piss I can’t do this--”

He slaps at your shoulder. “Hush, we’re nearly there! You are acting like a wiggler!” You hadn’t realized you were whining aloud. You snap your jaw shut and exhale heavily through your nose. One day you’ll cut your tongue out and never embarrass yourself again.

“‘M not a wiggler, I’m fine. I’m fine! Let go of me,” you demand. “Lemme just fucking go in the alley up there--” Kankri comes to an abrupt halt, his hands a vice grip around your bicep. He elbows you straight in the abdomen. In the middle of the pathway from town to your hive, you have to knock your knees together and try to ram your fingers against your pisshole to keep all two-something liters of liquid inside. The thick fabric of your pants and your pulsing bulge get in your way, and all you succeed in doing is shoving your junk up against your drooling nook and leaking around it. “Kanny, please--!”

He glares at you dead in the eye, clearly unimpressed. “Did you understand me, Cronus? Stop making a spectacle of yourself and be quiet.” You glare at him through frustrated tears. He looks back at you impassively. The bright flush on his cheeks softens his expression, however.

You give in to Kankri because you cannot hold it and fight him at the same time. “Understood Boss, now please let’s go. Please.” You mime zipping your lip shut and step from foot to foot in hopes that Kankri takes pity on you. He does.

Your hivestem comes into view and you lose another gush that shoots down the inside of your legs. The crotch of your pants is saturated and dripping. Your trap is so close, a gate and two doors away. Everything between your thighs throbs painfully. Your bulge thrashes; relief is going to feel intoxicatingly good. Your bladder pounds like it’s full of molten metal.

When you reach the gate, Kankri lets go of your arm. You wrench it open and stumble in the courtyard of your trash hive complex. Your ground floor dwelling calls to you like an old friend. Panting, you root in your too-tight pockets for the key. Each one comes up empty. The key is not on your person. You groan and double over. It’s too much. You look up at Kankri. He stands stiffly, arms crossed. “Key, Kanny, please!”

Kankri sighs heavily and begins sifting through the grocery bags. He searches slowly like hes trying to make you lose it on purpose. “You didn’t think of this earlier? Maybe you don’t really have to go that badly, if you can plan to wait a few extra moments.” You ball your hands into fists and whine. Why does he have to mess with you? Your abdomen feels hugely distended and tight. You can not stand up even close to straight.

Utterly, frantically desperate. That is how you would describe your current state. “Kankri I am literally pissin’ myself, please unlock the fuckin’ door. I know you have the key.” You wish you weren’t so obviously pleading with him.

“I’m merely teasing you, since you’ve made it so easy to do so.” He dangles the key in front of your nose. “I found it, you’re welcome.”

Oh thank God! Thank you, thank you, thank you! You snatch it out of his hand, turn around to ram it in the lock, and turn it. With a soft click, you open the door.

You do not get so far as the first step inside. Your body locks up as the door swings open and your muscles give out all in one awful instant. Piss explodes into your clothes and waterfalls down your legs. Nothing in the world, save magically sealing yourself shut, would stop your bladder from emptying into your boots and onto your doorstep. The relief cuts right through all the shame. You whiteknuckle the doorframe and buckle in at the knees because you feel too overwhelmed to hold yourself up. You can’t help moaning loudly as you watch your jeans glisten and the vaguely purple puddle under your shoes rapidly spread out. You are wholly drenched in seconds.

“Oh, goodness,” Kankri whispers, voice caught in his throat.

“Oh man,” you babble. “I’m so sorry. I wasn’t kidding, Kanny. I’m sorry just I can’t…” your breath hitches. “I can’t stop.” Your legs shake so badly you have to sit down on the steps, in your own puddle, still uncontrollably pissing. You bury your face in your hands and finally, completely give up. Your fins flutter as you gasp to fill your lungs, trying not to whimper like you’re crying. There’s so much fluid in you that it takes an endless two minutes for you to fully empty.

You’re a moaning mess before you’re halfway through it, hips rocking needily. Your piss-slicked bulge writhes in your pants, searching for stimulation. It’s disgusting for you to allow yourself to be reduced to a piss-soaked whore grinding against your own clothes anywhere, let alone in public right outside your hive. You don’t see anyone when you glance around, but you aren’t exactly quiet. You desperately want to run inside, but your legs refuse to move as urine pours out of you.

As the stream finally begins to lessen you look up at Kankri through the blur of tears and rake your mind for something to say. He stands over you, purchases forgotten on the ground. He breathes shallowly through his open mouth and looks over his shoulder warily.

“Look at this mess that you made,” he finally says, reaching down to run his hand through your hair. “That you are.” His eyes examine you up and down and settle between your jammed-together thighs. He cautiously nudges your knees apart with the toe of his shoe and you nearly cream yourself when you realize he’s examining how soaked you are. “I never thought I’d see you be so disgusting, and you’ve done a lot of things I find gross.”

“Kanny,” you groan, hips canting forwards despite your efforts to stay still. “Don’t look at me like that, fuck.” The side of his shoe brushes your inner thigh and you shiver. His nose wrinkles in distaste. You can’t blame him; you’re well and truly soiled.

“Like what? Like you’re a whore?” The title stings so much more coming from him. You moan and your bulge twists in the confines of your tight pants, which when fully swollen it is far too big for. Kankri tilts his head as though curious. You feel like a sample under a microscope and look away in shame. You don’t know where to go from here. If he doesn’t back off, you’re going to cum in the clothes you just wet.

Kankri’s foot suddenly presses up between your legs, squishing your bulge in your soaked jeans. You yelp and reflexively try to scoot away but he follows you over the threshold, grinding the sole of his shoe against your crotch from heel to toe. Your hips roll greedily into the touch and you bite your lip to stay quiet. If any of your neighbors walk by, you’ll get evicted royalty or not.

The look on Kankri’s face is unfamiliarly domineering and controlled. “You really are a bit of one, Cronus. It’s alright. You made it further than I thought you would. Of course, I’m incredibly appalled by your current state and lack of foresight. At the same time…” he grinds his heel down and you keen. Your nook spasms. You fight to keep your wet knees from touching him at all. “At the same time, you did the best you could, didn’t you? You well and truly lost control of yourself.” He clicks his tongue. “I knew how badly you had to go since the theater. You are truly horrendous at pretending you don’t need to attend to such things. I kept being certain you were finally about to beg me to help you find the facilities, but you never purposely dropped any hints.” So much for getting away with your moment in the market.

Kankri gestures to the puddle around you. “I suppose I can forgive you for acting like such an indecent fool given how much you were… preoccupied with.” Your chest buzzes with muddled pride and shame. You really did hold so much for so long. Kankri’s shoe grinding on your filthy jeans stings raw, but you can’t help pushing into it. His tiny mouth curves into a smile. “Tell me Cronus, how much better do you feel?”

“So much,” you gasp, hips jerking when his shoe shifts over your bulge. “Fuck Kan, I was so full.”

“Oh? And what are you now?”

Your nook aches for something inside of it. You duck your head shyly. “I…Empty.”

He covers his mouth and laughs silently at you. “Your eloquence is astounding.” His foot pulls back and you whine, try to chase after it, need it back.

You’re soaked and disgusting and spent and so very close to cumming. You need him to give it to you. Your arms shake so badly they barely hold you up. His “Kan, you were g’nna make me cum,” you manage.

He looks a little taken aback by that. “You’re so depraved, good Lord. I should make you clean this up right now and then go home.”

You feel like bursting into tears. “Nnno, no, Kanny please-- Please.”

He rolls his eyes and crosses his arms. “Shush, you’re so whiny.” You bite your tongue. He sighs, seeming to relent a little. “I shouldn't be rewarding this behavior.” At last, he firmly slots his shoe between your legs.

“Thank you,” you gasp. “Fuckkk.” Your voice warbles off into a moan that threatens to alert the neighbors.

Kankri sneers and leans more weight into you. Your eyes roll back into your skull a little. “Don’t you dare get too loud,” he hisses, “or I’ll be out of here in an instant and leave you locked out like this.” He shoves forwards and twists his ankle, and you feel the end rushing up on you.

“Fuck, fuck, please Kan, I’m-- I needa-- Please!” You look up at him, teary-eyed and open, and beg to cum as quietly as you can. Your voice pitches all over the place and your chest heaves.

Kankri tsks. “You want to make even more of a mess of yourself? Fine.” He very nearly kicks you in the bulge, the little shit. “Hurry up.” His foot grinds against your bulge and nook at the same time. Your hips snap frantically a few times until you cum with a violent shudder down your spine that ends in your nook clenching almost painfully around nothing. Pleasure rips through you like a punch in the gut. Slurry floods out of your convulsing nook and into your already ruined jeans. You collapse against the wall an absolutely hopeless, shaking mess.

It takes you a moment to realize you’re pissing again. You didn’t know you had anything left in you.

Kankri huffs and promptly scrapes his shoes off on the dry pavement, fetches his groceries and the key, and lets himself into your apartment. He leaves the door open for you. As soon as your legs steady enough you shuffle inside and slam the door behind you. Kankri’s left a towel for you on the knob of the ablution trap. You stumble gratefully into the tiny room and sink down to the floor of the shower, clothes and all, resolutely ignoring the load gaper you sorely needed five minutes ago. With a shaking hand you turn the water on and let it wet what little of you isn’t already soaked.

When you get the stability back in your knees you stand and peel your sopping clothes off. Your abdomen is sore and your nook still aches to be filled. Another residual leak runs down your thighs, much colder than the water of your ablution.

