Four Seasons: In the Cold Midwinter (a.k.a. the return of Meagan and Parker)

Author: Weasel

*012*2023-01-21 01:27

{{On 1/17/2023 at 6:05 AM, Flush said:

Ok I've just finished reading this again for the second time, and I see I haven't thanked you yet. So thanks, this is a wonderfully erotic story. I think for the first time I'm not even remotely disappointed that there is no peeing content in (the last chapter of) a story written on omorashi.org.

}}

As I've said before -- that's the highest compliment I can get on this site!

{{On 1/17/2023 at 6:05 AM, Flush said:

I also went through the ending of Season 3 again to see how things ended last time, and this way I bumped into your author's notes (a little late, I never bothered to read the pdf version because I had already all stories on the forum - I thought). I agree with you that coming up with even more college scenario's is an almost impossible task, I think. But if you feel that the story of Meagan & Parker isn't told yet, I'm sure that you can come up with lots of possible other scenario's. Also, in my opinion, it wouldn't be a shame if the reboot of Meagan and Parker is shorter. I found your insinuation of "drop off in quality" a bit amusing after reading this story, you definitely didn't drop off - on the contrary.

}}

Yeah, I'm definitely getting better as a writer overall, so the decline in quality of characterization I'm not too worried about. But all good things must come to an end, and it's better to end them while they're still good. On the other hand, if I haven't dropped off yet, then maybe I should keep the ride going, eh?

This "season" will indeed be shorter. Just four stories. So far, at least.

By the way, I hoped you enjoyed the "bonus" stories in the PDFs!

{{On 1/17/2023 at 6:05 AM, Flush said:

Also, I'm trying to figure out why I wasn't into Bree & Tam as I am into Meagan & Parker. I mean, they are quite similar. The quality of the writing in Bree & Tam certainly isn't worse, and I enjoyed Bree & Tam a lot also, but just not as much as I did with Meagan & Parker. Maybe I shouldn't look too much into it, and maybe I was just a little less in the mood myself in 2021 when Bree & Tam was published. Meagan & Parker feel like a more serious couple to me, and maybe a little more perverted. But again, maybe I shouldn't look too much into it. Maybe a weird question after my comment, but is Bree & Tam dead in the water?

}}

Yeah, M&P are definitely a more serious couple -- but to be fair, they've had years together. Definitely a bit more perverted (as it stands). I think maybe it just feels slightly less real since there's a lot of me in Parker but much less of me in Bree or Tam.

I definitely haven't ruled out a return to Bree and Tam, and in fact I have a couple more outdoorsy story ideas, including one based on a very real experience. I just haven't gotten around to them yet, since I was focusing on M&P (and, of course, my "straight" fiction).

I hate to say it, but I think one reason I'm slower to work on B&T instead of M&P is that I just like M&P better, as you do...

