In need of sweet release

Author: WetDimitrescu

*000*2023-03-23 12:38

Summary:

When Alcina is at a meeting and needs release, whos there to help her? The man himself, Ethan Winters!

XxxxxxxxxxxX

It had been a long day and Alcina had been drinking more than her usual amount of wine, nearly to the point of her passing out.. or worse when who should call.

"Mother Miranda?" She squirmed slightly on her seat as she took another drink of wine that Ethan had topped up for her. "A meeting? Yes. Yes. Of course. I just have one thing to do before I come over- what no. All right I'll be there striaght away."

Her hand comes down on top of her glass while Ethan is ready to pour again.

"Are you quite finished?"

"I thought you said you wanted to drunk by the end of the day."

She purses her lips at him.

"Plans changed and now I have to get to Miranda, but-" she takes in a breath at feeling all the wine sloshing around in side of her.

"But what?" Ethan asked clueless.

"Nothing," she says.

He follows her on watching her grab her coat.

"Come Ethan," she beckons.

Like a good dog he follows.

She takes a seat in the carriage, her hands tucked under her legs as she continues to squirm.

"You all right? The wine getting to you?"

Oh he had no idea the poor innocent little man.

Turning her head she looked out the window, her lip between her teeth as she held off pissing herself.

"We're here," Ethan announced after noticing she had her eyes closed.

The touch alone had her nearly jump out of her skin and wet her panties a little.

"Ethan!" She scolded as if he was a child.

"What?"

Huffing she stood to head down. She really wished she could hold herself as she now looked into the large room they would be sitting in for a while. Any sound of her pissing herself would be traumatic, the room was large spacious and open. Meaning any noise was amplified.

"Maybe I should just head back?" She thinks as Ethan now spots Miranda heading right for them.

She's livid as always.

"What took you so long?"

"Mother please, may I be excused I'm feeling awfully-"

"No, you may not! Now go take your seat!"

Beads of sweat now glisten upon her forehead.

"Alcina?"

"Ethan, my love. I have a small request of you."

"Uh, yeah?"

"I'm well," she crosses her legs a little as she stands, bending slightly now too. "I may have drank more than I should-"

"Oh right, yeah. I can keep a look out."

She's resisting the urge to tear him apart as she knows she really needs him right now.

"No, my dear. I'm far too dignified for such a thing."

She knew doing it this way was beneath her too, but what other choice did she have?

"Um, what then?"

She smiled at him. "Could you possibly, you know?"

He shrugged at not getting the hint.

"Be under the table," she forced the smile to stay on her lips.

"Under the table to do what exactly, hold you?" He asked cautiously.

"Not quite," she nervously smiled.

He looked more confused now than ever.

"Possibly catch it with your-"

His mouth fell open at this.

"Yes, exactly like that." She smiled.

"W-What? You want me to drink your piss?"

Saying it out loud like that made her cringe more.

"Ethan!" She snapped.

"I know I said I'd be willing to do anything for you, but have you seen the size of you. I bet your bladders like this big."

She smacked him over the head with her hand.

"Discussing a lady's body and her organs is disrespectful!"

"Sorry," he sighed as she moaned slighlty now.

"So can you?" She asks pained.

He gives a nod and she smiled in relief.

"Thank you. You'll be greatly rewarded."

"Then lets get this over with," he gestures for her to go first.

She takes her place at the back, hoping Miranda wouldn't question her on it and sits down slowly. Here she at least had somewhat privacy as long as Donna kept that dammed doll facing forwards. Karl was bored as usual, his eyes glued to the clock on the back wall as Miranda droned on. Moreau was happily clapping at every little thing Miranda said.

Thankfully the three were distracted. Donna had more than likely dozed off from boredom leaving Angie on standby mode for her.

Alcina bit her lip as a small amount of piss trickled out from within.

"Ethan," she whispered to him sharply.

Quickly bending down, he lifted her dress to now stand up against the chair. His hands on her knees as she shifted forwards.

"Your going to have to open your legs for this to work," he reminded her as she clamped them to at feeling a huge rush.

A moan escaped her lips as her hand dove down to stop the flow quickly. Thankfully Heisenberg was still to zoned out to hear.

Alcina squirmed fiercely, her hand not making much progress as her underwear slowly dampened.

"On the count of three," Ethan told her. "Spread your legs."

"But my underwear?" She grimaced.

"I'll deal with that," he told her. "One. Two. Three!"

She opened her legs just as Ethan pulled her dampened panties aside to quickly press his face into her. The smell of her was like that of Mia, only she smelled a little more coppery and sweet like wine.

Her hands now gripped the armrests as she tried to limit the flow so that Ethan could drink without choking. He tapped her leg to tell her to let go a little more, she felt a great relief wash over her as she opened up the floor gates only to have Ethan slap her leg to tell her he couldn't handle much more and she now had to force herself to abruptly stop. Only it didn't stop and her dress was now absorbing most of it while Ethan tried to catch his breath. He quickly mopped up most of the over spill with his own clothes.

"Stop pissing!" He hissed at her.

"I'm trying!" She hissed back in return.

Her hand now wedged into herself.

"Fuck!" She cursed. "What are you doing?"

Quickly diving back in, he gave her the go ahead to continue. She let herself go again before he stopped her once more. This time she could cut off easier and thankfully the pressure had eased slightly more than it had before.

Once he was ready again, he finished her off. Or more like she gave him what she could so she didn't feel uncomfortable anymore. The rest she coild hold as Ethan was looking more than a little bloated, he was also rather drunk.

"What is going on back there?" Miranda now frowned.

"Uh, nothing. Mother Miranda." She smiles as she pulls a swaying Ethan towards her.

Her discomfort is still there a little, but not as much. But it soon starts to grow again and well there was nothing to be done now that Ethan was a drunk mess.

"Hey entertainment," Heisenberg laughs as Ethan now tries to get under Alcinas dress.

"Alcina! You will not bring him here again. Is that understood?"

Alcina nods as she tries to keep Ethan from embarrassing her as he's now pissing his own trousers. Heisenberg claps and soon Angie is laughing and cheering too.

"Silence!" Miranda shouts and everyone looks to her.

"Thirsty," Ethan laughs as Alcina wriggles a little in her chair.

Her hand to her crotch again.

"Maybe I should get him back?" Alcina now hopes Miranda will agree.

Thankfully she does and Alcina is quick to head out. Thankfully her coat covers up most of the dampness, but her siblings were way smarter than she gave them credit for.

"Big sister pissed herself!" She heard the doll laugh.

"What, the big bitch pissed her dignified self?" Heisenberg laughed.

Alcina had never felt so humiliated in her life as she stood there unable to move. And to make matters worse, Miranda was now walking towards her.

"Are you all right?" She asked taking her by surprise.

Alcina fell to her knees as she broke down in tears. Piss streaming from her below. Ethan leaned up against her, hugging her. With Miranda standing with a hand upon her shoulder.

"It happens to any of us," she sighs softly.

"Yeah, Donna pissed herself the other week in front of all her maids and damn was it funny!" Angie now blurted out.

"Angie!" Donna scolded her feeling rather hurt.

"Sorry, just trying to lighten the mood."

"I have accidents all the time," Moreau adds.

Heisenberg shrugs. "Yeah, maybe once or twice it happened to me too."

"See, it happens to the best of us." Miranda shows her a growing wet patch. "Had I been able to finish my speech I may have made it myself."

Alcina sniffled but was grateful of everyone confessing there embarrassments.

