Henry Stickman; Fleeing the Complex: Ellie Omorashi

Author: wheatley

*000*2015-11-21 23:21

I wasn't really sure how a henry stickman story would turn out, but I decided I would make one. This is based off the Henry Stickman game "Fleeing the Complex". I highly recommend you play it so you get what this is about.

Here's the link:

%http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/665992

###

Henry Stickman, one of the most intelligent, skilled criminals in the buisness. And a skilled criminal means a high protected jail, in a black room. Wait... why is everything black? Suddenly a light turned on and Henry was greeted by a man with a Russian accent.

"Ah, hello Henry. Welcome to The Wall. Some of the most nutorious criminals are kept here. And now we have the infamous Henry Stickman. You're gonna be here for a long time."

Henry was sent to​ a chamber where they keep the hostages while waiting for cell transfer. There was a guard watching the hallway from the entrance of the chamber and a red haired girl who was also cuffed. From where things were going Henry knew he had options to attempt escape. From what he could think of, the easiest solution now would be to get a boost up to the trapdoor in the ceiling.

"Psst... ​AHEM... hey, could you get me up there?"

"Su​re, come on I'll boost you up." said the girl. With that, Henry got to the ceiling, opened the door, and snuck into the vent, breaking the cuffs an getting the girl out.

"Thanks.​ The name's Ellie. Now come on, we need to get out of here." Little did Henry know, Ellie had a bit of a problem.​ Just between you and me, there was a little something they did to Ellie before sending her to the chamber. Since she was the only female the guards decided to have a little fun with waiting for the transfer. Basically they forced her to drink some sort of liquid that looks like something Henry would use. Surprisingly nothing happened, but it was extremely diuretic, and you could tell what that meant.

Anyway​s, back to the work at hand. Ellie was extremely desperate from that drink, but had to focus on escape. That still couldn't keep her from keeping her legs crossed and using her hands to hold back any chance she got. Skipping to the 'two elevators' section, Henry and Ellie tried using the hats to blend in with the guards. But, that ended them getting into a cell, together. Henry, being the smart one, used his inventory of items, and picked out the laser plane.

They ended up falling to the room with the ​computer and the phone. Ellie leaked a bit, but still managed to hold on. Henry took the phone and called for the Toppat clan.

"Yes, hello?​ Henry!? Where are you!? A complex, called the wall? ah, ye- yes sir, we'll be right there! hang tight, i'll tell you when we're there." Henry told Ellie that he phoned his friend the Toppat leader, and he didn't get exact time about when they would be here.

​

"​Oh, I hope they'll be here soon..." Ellie was worried as she still didn't get the chance to release that drink. She paced the room Crossing legs, hand in crotch, and an hour later told Henry about her problem. Henry knew they had no choice but to wait for them to be here.

2 hours after the call, they were finally at the wall. "Where exactly are you? the cafeteria? ok, uh, how exactly do you want us to do this?"

The toppat clan sent a drill to attack the guards, and Henry went out to deal with it, telling Ellie to wait in there. Ellie noticed Henry left a piece of paper, and he had the number for the government. Ellie dialed the number and called the guy you Henry Stickman fans should know all about. After that, Ellie got into the helicopter after sneaking out to the heli pad.

"Hey, uh, I really need to use the bathroom, do you have anything I could use?"

​

"Sure​," said the pilot. "I got a bucket back there, but it's all I got." Ellie didn't really care anymore as she was holding it ever since the beginning of this story. So she just grabbed it, and let nature do what it wants. It was pleasuring to finally release the pain in her bladder. The bucket was nearly full after that, and Ellie just dumped it into the ocean.

"Jeez, how much was in that bottle?"​

Meanwhile, the drama outside was intense. There was​ gunfighting in the cafeteria all over.

"COME ON MAN, WE GOT T​O GO! GET TO THE AIRSHIP!"

Henry ​got on his badass motor scooter and ramped up to the airship. The leader grabbed him by the wrist saving him from fatal death.

"phew! That was​ a close one Henry! But i'm not going to pull you up. See, without you I've become the leader of the toppat clan again. I just wanted to look you in the eyes as I took it all back. Goodbye Henry."

Henry was then dropped as he fell in slow motion to his fatal death. right when he was about to fall into the ocean, he was grabbed by someone.

"Don't worry, I got you!" Ellie had caught Henry on the heli she was riding.

"That was a close one, Henry. Glad you guys are ok!" Said Charles, the heli driver from the government. "Well, let's get out of here before the toppat clan comes to try and kill us."

With that, they flew off, leaving the complex to fight the toppat clan alone.

THE END

I know it was a bit inaccurate from the actual storyline of the game, but I decided to think of the outcome from the ending and fail I used from the game. ​Hope you enjoyed the first Henry Stickman omo story at least to me!

