Pokemon: The Road Trip

Author: wheatley

*000*2016-01-20 01:37

Idea credit goes to DerpySquid, so give him thanks for making this request and i'll let you get started.

###

Hey, Zapp again. I just had a really akward moment here. Kind of similar to the incident in the cabin but we're in a car. Fine, i'll tell you what happened.

I woke up from a long nap in the front car seat, still trying to shake myself up. I didn't really remember what happened until it flashed into my head.

(4 hours ago)

Zorua: Remind me where we're going again?

Snivy: Zapp's mom said we're heading to some other coty to get some fresh air and maybe get a gym battle. I don't really know, i'm just tired.

Zorua: well then why he's still a Pikachu?

Buizel: He says the Pokestone is recharging, but i'm pretty sure he's just too lazy to change back right now.

Quilava: Well maybe we could stop soon. Get some fresh air, stretch our legs. 'And possibly see a man about a horse'

Snivy: Zapp did say there would be a station nearby, so it shouldn't be too far.

(Present time)

That didn't really explain why we were in the middle of the plains and my mom was missing. I found a note on the driver's seat, so I picked it up and read it.

Note: dear son, I went to pick up some gas. be back in a couple of hours, mom.

Me: (muttering) so that explains it.

I suddenly felt a forceful bulge sending my free hand straight into my crotch.

Me: ow, that really stung. how much did I drink before I fell asleep?

I looked down and saw multiple empty water bottles on the floor of the car. I must have drank 7 of them. I looked behind me and saw the others were having the same problem as me. Not so surprising after last time.

Buizel: hey Zapp, think you could change back and get the door open?

Me: sure. Just take the stone, put it in here, then click.

PokeStone: ERROR: NO BATTERY LIFE!

Me: oh come on! Well we're going to have to wait.

I plugged in the charger and waited.

Zorua: This won't take too long, will it?

Me: well it should only take half an hour.

(3 hours later)

Well, I was wrong. 3 hours later and it barely even charged 5 percent.

Zorua: ZAPP! Is your poke... thing done charging yet!?

Me: It says "3% charged, this may take a while, you may want to grab a book or something."

*Snivy's POV*

I heard what was going on and I knew we weren't going to last until the station, considering there's no gas. So I decided to take matters into my own hands.

Me: Well, how about I try to open the door from the outside?

Quilava: how are you going to do that?

Me: i'll just slip out this window.

I hopped up to the car window, the pressure on my bladder increasing while doing so, and slipped out with my slick body.

Zorua: Wait! TAKE ME WITH YOU!

Once I got out I immediately fell face first onto the ground, releasing a spurt of urine when I did.

Me: Oww, ow, ow, that was a horrible idea.

I got up and ran behind a bush, continuously thinking 'not gonna make it, not gonna make it'. I did manage to get behind the bush and release, relieved from the intense pressure. After the two minutes I spent relaxing I went to get the door open.

Buizel: You alright little guy?

Me: Yeah. My nose is crooked, but i'm alright.

I tried to get the door open, but it was locked, and I had to unlock it with some pins.

*Buizel's POV*

This was not a good time for me. The door was locked, none of us were able to reach the handle, and we all had to go. After a few moments of waiting, I could hear some hissing coming from the front of the car.

Me: What the- Zapp, are you using a bottle!?

Zapp: Correction, i'm using the seventh bottle. I already used the others and this is the last one.

Me: Oh my god, you can't be serious.

Zorua was not hanging on too well, which I could see from her potty dancing behind us. Snivy finally managed to unlock the door and open it, but that was a little too late for Zorua.

*Zorua's POV*

Right before Snivy could unlock the door, I completely lost it. My bladder had given up on me, and I wet myself.

Me: N- no...

Urine gushed straight out of me and onto the car seat, going on for a minute and a half, leaving me sobbing there.

Me: *sniffle*

Zapp: Hey, it's alright. I'll get it cleaned later. Don't feel bad.

Zapp put a towel over the seat for until it dried, and I felt a little better.

Me: Thanks for being so cool about it Zapp.

*Quilava's POV*

I had no idea where Zorua was, but now was not the time for that. I ran behind a tree and released right there. I went like that for two minutes until I finished and went to the car. Buizel was moving a bit slower to his spot, most likely to prevent leakage, but he made it anyways.

After he finished we went back to the caar and shut the door.

Zapp: Well, that went well. For most of us, at least.

Zorua: Still wondering why that watch of yours took so much battery life.

Zapp: Oh wait, there's a note here.

Zapp read the note, which explained quite a lot.

Zapp: "This charger is similar to the real Pokestone charger, but may take longer to charge then the actual one, which should only take half an hour each time." Ohh...

I was not so happy to hear that. pretty peeved off even.

Zapp: Um, hehe, well at least Snivy could bail you guys out, Right?

Me: don't play dumb with me. GET A REAL CHARGER!

*Buizel's POV*

Quilava jumped on Zapp and attacked him, much like Zorua did with Snivy. After that went down, we just waited for Zapp's mom to get here. For an extremely long time.

END

Sorry if it was a bit short, I couldn't really think up much that I could put in here. Again idea credit goes to DerpySquid

*004*2016-01-20 05:09

{{:

Heh, See a man about a horse. You got that from Yo-kai Watch didn't you?

}}

Pfft, loved that part.

IT MEANS YOU HAVE TO GO TO THE BATHROOM!

*008*2016-01-22 01:13

{{:

Would you be willing to do one more request?

}}

Sure. whatcha got for me?

*010*2016-01-22 04:10

{{:

How about this-

They're in an empty movie theater or a cave (I'll let you decide). Zapp realizes no one is around so he changes to pikachu. As they continue through the cave/movie they continually get desperate, and you can decide how it ends.

(If they're in the cave or possibly the movie, could he have a bowl from his breakfast because he's on a journey, and someone could use that?) Thanks again

}}

Interesting. i'll get to that when I can.

*012*2016-01-23 05:48

{{:

Alright, thanks :)

}}

Got it done. took an hour and a half and not really much of a masterpiece but it's complete. Also the extra 3 hours were from laziness

