Emily goes to a concert

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2022-02-15 00:09

Emily felt a twinge of excitement as the huge stadium came in to view from the back of her friend Simone’s uncles car. On this particular beautiful summer day, the stadium was hosting its annual rock festival. For years, Emily had listened to Simone rave about the annual event, which Simone, her aunt, uncle, and cousins, as well as several of their friends, had made a tradition of attending for the last several years.

It was just before 11am now, and the music wouldn’t even start until about 2, but this particular even was apparently famous for the party that was known to take place in the parking lot before hand. Veterans of this particular event, Emily knew Simone and her crew were well prepared with food, a small grill, and several coolers of food.

Emily chatted excitedly with Simone and her family as they waited in line to enter to the parking lot, eventually quieting down as her uncle briefly spoke with a lot attendant before being directed to their zone, where several other cars from their party had also just arrived and were setting up.

Stepping out of the car, Emily took in the fresh summer air as she glanced at her reflection in the side of the car, her long brown hair flowing down over tight white band t shirt and a pair of tight denim jean shorts.

Snapping back to the moment, Emily happily helped to unload the car, grabbing one of a 6 pack of hard seltzers she had packed in to one of the coolers for the tailgate party.

Over the next couple hours, Emily continued to drink and socialize, meeting interesting new people and taking part in the festivities, and getting a quite a fun buzz on from the drinks. Stepping away from the party to retrieve and open her 4th seltzer, Emily somewhat suddenly noticed a quickly growing, albeit unsurprising, fullness in her bladder. She looked around in every direction but saw no signs of any kind of toilet, not even a port a potty. She tried to push the thought out of her mind, she didn’t need to go that badly, and it was already after 1pm, so they would surely be going in to the stadium soon. She could just hold it in.

Taking a cautious sip of her drink, Emily walked back over to where Simone was now talking with a few of her family friends that Emily had met earlier. Continuing to sip, she tried to stay involved in the conversation, but over time was having trouble focusing due to her rapidly growing need to find a bathroom.

Simone’s friends went off to grab another drink, leaving Emily and Simone alone. Emily wasted no time speaking up.

“I really, really have to pee” she said to Simone “Do you need to go?”

“Yeah for sure” Simone replied, checking her watch “We should be going in soon though, the port a potty situation at these things is always terrible”

“I didn’t even see any port a potties” Emily said back, almost groaning

“They’re around here somewhere, they never have enough though, everyone is usually hitting the bathroom first thing when we get in to the stadium” Simone reassured, glancing around and crossing one leg over the other “Damn, I really do have to go, let me go ask my aunt when we’ll be going in, we’re getting close to the opening act”

As Simone turned back toward the party, Emily let out an exasperated gasp and turned back toward the rest of the lot, crossing her legs and running her hands through her hair. She REALLY needed to go pee, it had a been a long time since she’d had to go this bad. Letting out a soft groan, she pulled her tight t-shirt away from her swollen abdomen, as if that would provide any relief. Her shorts now felt like a torture device, she just wanted to get them out of the way and PEE. It was all she could think about now.

She was fantasizing about hiding between two cars, pulling down her tight shorts, and blasting the ground. She certainly wasn’t above it, she had done it several times during desperate moments in college. Thinking back to those incidents though, she had been a desperate drunken follower, she hadn’t even heard anyone suggesting such a thing today, and with the stadium being outside of a small town, there were several police offers in golf carts frequently passing through and monitoring the festivities to make sure nothing got that out of hand.

Letting out another long breath, she turned back around and was dismayed to see Simone talking and laughing with someone who was definitely not her aunt, she must have caught up on the way. Clearly she was not in the same shape that Emily was.

Now disgusted by the idea of drinking anymore, Emily set her half drank seltzer down on a nearby table. She sure wished Simone had warned her about the bathroom situation, had she known this was going to be such a bladder buster, she would have been more careful with her drinking.

Watching Simone continue to chat, Emily realized she had to take matters in to her own hands, and began walking as quickly as she could manage toward the stadium, hoping to find a port a potty. Her bladder felt like an overstretched balloon in her tummy and her whole pussy was throbbing. She had to pee so bad that her heart felt like it had risen up in to her throat with anxiety. She could only remember having to go this bad once before in her life, on her way back from a sporting even senior year of high school. She somehow managed not to piss herself that day and would just have to do it again.

After a few minutes of walking past endless rows of cars, Emily was horrified to finally find the port a potties, only 4 of them, with a seemingly endless line stretching down the next row of cars. Doing some quick mental math, Emily estimated the wait would be over an hour. She was seriously starting to panic now, that line was impossible, Simone and her crew would probably be inside the stadium by the time she even got to the front. With an increased heart rate and even further elevated sense of urgency, Emily quickened her pace as she walked right past the line. There absolutely had to be something else, and she absolutely had to find it.

5 minutes later and Emily was in serious pain, an anguished and deeply concerned look on her usually pretty face. She had come across another group of port a potties and the line situation was no different than the last, so she joined the back and tightly crossed her legs as she tried to formulate a plan to resolve her painful predicament. She now had to pee so bad that she was sweating, almost as if her body was trying by any means possible to rid itself of the liquid that was torturing her. Her poor exhausted peehole was almost burning now each time it throbbed she felt like some was going to come out. She checked the time, it was a little after 1:30, she just needed to take this 5 minutes at a time. It was going to suck but she was going to make it.

5 minutes later and Emily must have checked the time on her phone at least 100 times, it felt like an eternity had passed, she was now beyond the point of being able to stand still and was walking in circles. She must have looked like an idiot but she was far beyond caring. There was so much liquid inside her she felt like she was going to vomit. She was really hoping that someone would break from the line and try to pop a squat, as she would gladly take the risk at this point if she had a friend to stand guard. She was even now seriously entertaining the idea of just peeing in her shorts. She just NEEDED to PISS immediately. She had never felt anything like this in her life, this was far beyond her senior bus trip incident.

Getting seriously close to making a break toward a somewhat hidden spot, Emily felt her phone ring in her pocket, it was Simone calling.

“Hey, where are you?” she asked

“In line for the port a potties” Emily replied

“Are you near the front? We’re all heading in now.”

“I feel like I haven’t even moved, and I’m about to pee myself” Emily moaned in response “Do you think it will take a long time to get in”

“It’s usually not to bad” Simone reassured her “faster than a port a potty line for sure”

“OK” Emily said “Where can I meet you?”

“Right under the stadium logo, we’ll be there soon”

Emily was already walking “Ok, see you in a minute”

Emily power walked straight for the entrance, using one thumb to hold her waistband away from her bladder the entire time. Arriving quickly Emily stopped to look around for Simone and felt an almost unstoppable urge. Crossing her arms over her chest she almost through her left leg over her right and bent completely over, feeling a pulsing pain radiate through her entire body. She momentarily marched back and fourth, actually high stepping and bringing her knees above her waist with each step, but this proved to be too much movement and she quickly resumed her circles routine.

Finally she spotted Simone and the rest of her friends walking quickly toward her. She initially tried to minimize her desperate dancing as she waited for them but quickly gave up, realizing that this was an all out emergency and that she was no longer concerned with any decorum at this drunken tailgate party. She just wanted to not pee her pants.

Without many words exchanged, the group quickly joined the crowd trying to enter the stadium, Emily paying to God that this would wait would not be long as she stepped from side, barely avoiding bumping in to Simone next to her, who had anxious look on her face and tightly crossed legs.

Emily bent double and emptied her lungs through her nose as she felt her bladder spasm, shaking around uncontrollably inside her as she was no longer able to keep the tide at bay and felt a few burning hot drops squeeze out of her frantic vagina and in to her panties. She gasped loudly with the realization that she was actually wetting her pants for the first time since she was a very small child.

Looking up she could see the security checkpoint in front of her as she finally broke down and unbuttoned then unzipped her shorts, providing desperately needed but only temporary relief. Recrossing her legs she shoved her fingers in to her pocket and then hard in to her urethra, narrowly avoiding another leak, but her pants now undone and her hand there support, Emily was able to suffer along for about 5 more agonizing minutes before she finally reached the security checkpoint.

Looking down at herself as the person in front of her was checked by a staff member, Emily realized she was certainly going to attract some attention in her current state. Her stomach was bulging so much that her usually flat tummy had stretched out her thin t shirt exposing her midriff, which was almost hanging down in to the space vacated by the button of her shorts. There was absolutely no way she was going to be able to button her shorts back up, so she stepped forward anyway, avoiding eye contact with the security guard in front of her.

“Arms up and feet apart” he commanded.

Emily stifled a whine as she lifted her arms and spread her legs so that the guard could search her with a metal detecting wand. With no support, her poor aching vagina felt like it was on fire. Emily could feel it pulsing wildly, about to not only explode but flood the area with her pent up pee. Thankfully however, the search ended quickly and Emily was pushed along to the next step, getting her ticket checked. Not so thankfully, Emily didn’t have her ticket, and had to wait for Simone. As soon as she was past the security guard, her immediately dropped her left hand directly in to her shorts to give her a tortured pussy a more direct squeeze though her panties. It wasn’t enough, and another brief trickle of hot pee surged past her defenses as she spotted Simone passing through her own security check and joining her, pulling out both of their tickets.

Proceeding through the ticket check, everything was starting to get blurry for Emily, the pain in her bladder was now so severe she could hardly process what was going on around her, she let Simone lead the way up a fight of stairs in to the stadium concourse where Simone began speed walking ahead with Emily almost limping behind in tow. They walked for what felt like miles before Emily felt another violent spasm and a few more drops escape. She stopped and bent double, trying to get herself under control.

“Simone!” she squealed to her friend who was still walking at full speed, but slowed down to turn back to her friend “How much further?!?!?”

“Almost there” Simone gasped turning immediately to continue.

Deaf to the world around her, and with tears gushing down her reddened face, Emily persevered, finally spotting the ladies room symbol. Charing in to the room she had been yearning so desperately to find, she was immediately confronted by a line of women outside of several stalls. This wasn’t unexpected, but was no less devastating. As she stopped to join the back, she felt another leak. She had to try to cut, she had never done such a thing before, but it had to be done, or she was going to pee everywhere.

Dashing around the corner to the front of the line, Emily began sobbing to no one in particular “I have to go next, I have to, I’m literally peeing” she wailed, looking frantically around at the stalls.

There was a chorus of shouts from the women in the line, Emily couldn’t even tell if they were yelling at her or yelling in support of her. It didn’t matter, she just needed a stall to open, and finally, as another jet of pee surged past her exhausted defenses, one did.

Emily rushed forward, if anyone beat her to it it would be the end. Another dribble was forcing its way out, and this one wouldn’t stop as Emily bolted in to the corner stall, not even bothering to shut the door. She placed two thumbs in her waistband and yanked her shorts down as she collapsed on the toilet and peed with a force she never thought possible. She couldn’t help but gasp and sob with relief as her stream went on and on and on, taking some time before the pain in her bladder finally began to subside.

Still going, she surveyed the damage, her panties were soaked, but thankfully there was only a small and hardly noticeable wet patch on her shorts. She leaned forward and closed the stall door, still panting as she tried to finish her pee and gather herself.

Pulling her shorts up, she felt a cold wetness against her exhausted pussy, but was hopefully the heat would quickly dry it. She exited the stall and saw Simone still dancing in line. Lowering her head in embarrassment, Emily washed her hands and exited the bathroom to wait for her friend outside. She found a ledge to sit on, where she hunched over and dropped her head in her hands and cried. Not out of anguish or embarrassment, but out of sheer relief. Her body was still still shaking, as if adjusting to the loss of the boiling ball of pee that she had held in for long. Her pussy was throbbing in her wet panties as though she had just came.

A few minutes later Simone returned, also looking relieved “Damn girl you really did have to go” she commented, eliciting a giggle from Emily before the two girls wandered off to try and reunite with the rest of their group.

