Alice & Lucas - wet at the snow

Author: wetskipants

*000*2019-06-28 13:57

Three months on from their very wet third date (if you haven't read it, you can find it here ...

Date wetting ... my first story

... Alice and Lucas were very much in love. So much so, they had booked their first holiday together, a trip to the snow. Both were excellent skiers and couldn't wait for winter to roll around so they could enjoy their shared passion together.

The first day greeted them with bluebird conditions. Not a cloud in the sky, barely any wind and a perfect carpet of snow. On days like this, there is no stopping. You never know when the mountain weather is going to turn so you make the most of it.

Late in the afternoon, Alice and Lucas decided on one more run, top to bottom. They boarded the cable car that went all the way from the village to the highest peak. Most people had called it quits for the day and made for the bars so Alice and Lucas had a cabin all to themselves. As their cabin rumbled out of the station, the vibrations made Alice suddenly very aware of how long it had been since she went to the bathroom ... and how much she needed to go.

Lucas looked at Alice as she subconsciously squeezed her legs together and her face went blank from the concentration required to keep her bladder under control. He smiled. He knew that look well, not just from their third date. He decided to have a little, gentle teasing fun. "I should have ducked into the loo at the bottom before we got on the lift," he said. "Just realised how much I'm busting to go!"

Alice looked over at Lucas, trying to work out if he had noticed her own predicament. As her concentration lapsed, she felt a small spurt of pee escape into her undies. No major drama, she thought. With a pair of tights under her ski pants which had a waterproof outer layer, no one would have a clue.

"How bad is it," she asked Lucas.

"I don't know," he replied. "Going to be an interesting run down. I'll have to hold on with all my might."

As he said it, Lucas realised it was actually the truth. Somehow, talking about it had made his need a reality.

They continued their journey up the mountain. About three-quarters of the way up, the cable car came to an abrupt halt, leaving their cabin swinging back and forth. Several minutes passed and nothing happened. Alice and Lucas looked at each other, a hint of worry in their eyes. It wasn't just that they were dangling high in the air in a cable car that was showing no signs of starting again in a hurry. Alice realised her desperation was reaching critical levels ... and the worry wasn't helping.

"You need to go too, don't you," Lucas said.

Alice nodded silently. "I don't think I can hold it much longer," she said.

As she finished her sentence, the cable car jolted to a start for a second before stopping again, the cable dipping violently from the sudden motion. Alice let out an involuntary cry as she lost control and began peeing into her pants. She felt her tights become sodden as the pee ran down her legs inside her ski pants. Lucas watched but there was nothing to see as the ski pants hid the entire accident and Alice's pee flowed down into her ski boots. The only clue was the muffled hiss when Alice began peeing and her stream was at its strongest.

Alice looked at Lucas in shock. At least she knew, after what had happened on their third date, that he would be understanding about what had happened. Lucas knew he couldn't hold on much longer either so he said to Alice: "I'm going to go too." With a twinkle in his eye, he added: "Do you want to feel it happen?"

Alice momentarily forgot all about her soggy predicament as she took in what Lucas had said. "What do you mean?" she replied.

"The beauty of ski pants," Lucas said, "is that you can have an accident and nobody knows. But what if I want you to know?"

With that, he unfastened the clasp and slid the front zipper down half way. He took Alice's hand and guided it inside his ski pants. Alice felt a sense of arousal as her hand came to rest on the front of the leggings Lucas was wearing under his pants. She looked at his face. He had his eyes closed in concentration. After a few seconds, Alice felt a warm wetness spread across the front of Lucas's leggings as he let himself go. The wetness quickly turned to hot liquid as Lucas's leggings reached saturation point. With his zipper down, Alice could clearly hear Lucas's stream hissing out and hitting his undies.

As Lucas reached the end, the cable car jolted to a start again. This time it kept going. Lucas zipped up his pants, revelling in the steamy wet sensation inside his pants.

"That was unbelievably hot," Alice gasped.

About 20 minutes later, they had reached the bottom of the run, made slightly uncomfortable by their very soggy socks inside their ski boots which were rapidly growing cold. They skied to their lodge and raced for their room. Once inside, Lucas reached for Alice and unzipped her ski pants. Sliding them down, he detected the slight musty odor of pee coming from inside. Alice's tights were still damp but warm from her skin. Lucas bent to her crotch and inhaled deeply, breathing in the scent of his lover that he knew so well and craved.

Alice pulled Lucas up and followed his cue, taking off his ski pants. She stepped back admiring him in his black leggings. She didn't know many men who wore leggings and she loved the way they formed a delicious bulge at the front. Alice reached forward and pulled his leggings and undies down in one fell swoop as far as Lucas's knees. She took his erect penis in her mouth and began gently licking, tasting what was left of his salty pee. Unable to walk with his leggings half way down, Lucas stood still feeling himself rushing towards orgasm. Alice picked up the pace of her licks, feeling the changing rhythm of Lucas's body. Sensing he was about to explode, she moved his penis to the top of her tights, pulled them forward and started stroking.

"I want to feel your cum hit me," she said quietly in Lucas's ear.

That was like pulling the final trigger. Lucas felt a surging sensation up his shaft and watched as he shot four enormous loads, one after the other, into Alice's red pubic hair, inside her tights.

As Lucas shuddered, Alice let her tights close with Lucas's cum all over her.

*002*2019-07-01 13:10

{{On 6/29/2019 at 1:40 PM, Melificentfan said:

That was fantastic

}}

Thanks for your kind words, Melificentfan

*004*2019-07-04 13:52

{{19 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

What an awesome story, well done!

}}

Thanks, wedgeantilles

