The Maturity Exam

Author: wether

*000*2025-03-30 05:38

In Poland, "matura", or "maturity exam” refers to the secondary school leaving examination, similar to a high school diploma or matriculation exam in other countries. It is a standardized test taken by students at the end of their upper secondary education, typically around the age of 19. The matura is a crucial step for Polish students, as passing it is required to graduate from high school and is often a prerequisite for admission to universities and other higher education institutions.

This is my first story written in parts. Not all the parts include pee elements, but peeing becomes a kind of symbol in the relation between Ania and me. The story begins in late 1980's in Poland, a year before our "matura" which later becomes the "maturity exam" for us. But the maturity does not come for free...

Part 1 - The prologue

Ania never had a knack for math. In high school, every year was a battle for survival for her – she had to retake tests multiple times, and she barely scraped by from one grade to the next, as if balancing on a tightrope. Maybe the teachers eventually turned a blind eye, because with subjects that required memorizing material – history, biology, or Polish – she managed quite well. Getting B’s and A’s on her report card was her little source of pride, but math always loomed over her like a dark cloud.

I was different. The hard sciences – math, physics, chemistry – that was my world. In class, I was seen as the guy who always got it. Systems of equations, derivatives, integrals – to me, they were puzzles I solved with pleasure. I often helped my classmates, explaining tricky formulas or giving tips on how to tackle tougher problems. Some joked that I should become a teacher, but I just liked that moment when it clicked for someone, and suddenly everything became clear.

The matura exam was fast approaching. For all of us, it was a turning point – a ticket to university, to adult life, to something bigger. But for Ania, the matura was like a wall she couldn’t climb over. Math, mandatory at the basic level, kept her up at night. She wasn’t alone in her fears – the teachers, especially Mrs. Bogusława, didn’t hide their skepticism either. Mrs. Bogusława was a legend in our school: experienced, demanding, but fair. She didn’t cut anyone slack if she didn’t see effort. Many times, when Ania stood at the board and stumbled over simplifying an algebraic expression, Mrs. Bogusława would sigh heavily and ask:

– How do you imagine passing the matura, Ania?

Those words must have finally sunk in. One day, near the end of May, she approached me timidly after class. She stood there clutching her notebook to her chest, as if it were her shield.

– Listen… – she started, and I already knew it was something serious. – You know I’m hopeless at math. The matura’s in a year, and I… well, I can’t do it alone. I was thinking maybe we could review the material over the summer? Like, from the basics, from first grade. What do you think?

I looked at her, surprised. Ania rarely asked for help; she always tried to manage on her own, even if the results were meager. But this time, I saw determination in her eyes – maybe not to love math, but to pass the matura and move forward.

– Sure – I replied after a moment. – I’ve got some free time in August; we can meet up. We’ll mix the fun with the useful.

She smiled with relief, and I was already mentally drafting a plan. The summer was supposed to be warm and lazy, but a few hours a day of studying didn’t sound bad – especially since I enjoyed explaining things. Annie had a long road ahead, but if she tried hard, maybe math would stop being her nightmare. And me? I was glad to help. After all, what are friends for?

*002*2025-03-31 03:11

{{ 

4 hours ago, YuriChaosLord said:

Nasze, Polskie!

The story seems interesting, I'll read more.

Also, what is the name and the gender of the narrator?

}}

There will be more parts soon. The narrator is male, and his name may appear later. Thanks!

*003*2025-03-31 14:10

This part contains desperation and peeing elements.

Part 2 – The First Lesson

On August 25th, at exactly 5:00 p.m., I stood in front of Ania’s door. She lived in the neighboring housing estate, just a ten-minute walk from my place. That summer, late August felt like an oven – thermometers showed over 30 degrees Celsius, and the air was still, heavy, and humid. A few weeks earlier, Ania had celebrated her eighteenth birthday, so I figured it was a good excuse to bring something nice. In my hands, I held a bouquet of flowers – simple, colorful tulips – and a box of chocolates. I dressed lightly: a bright cotton t-shirt and knee-length shorts. In this heat, there was no point in overdoing it.

I rang the bell, and Ania opened the door almost instantly. She stood in the doorway in a loose white shirt that barely reached her thighs, only vaguely covering her underwear. Without a hint of embarrassment, she said:

– Too hot for more clothes.

I shrugged. She was right – the heat was unbearable, and I was already regretting not bringing a fan. I handed her the flowers and chocolates, smiling.

– Happy birthday again. May math stop being a nightmare, and may your teacher prove effective – I said jokingly, pointing to myself.

She laughed, thanked me, and invited me inside.

Ania’s apartment was on the seventh floor, and the lack of breeze made it feel like a sauna inside. We went to the living room, where a big pitcher of water and two glasses were already waiting on the table – in this heat, drinking was a must. I spread out the math textbook, a few sheets of paper, and a pen. Ania sat across from me, still chewing the end of her pencil, which seemed to be her habit. We started with the basics – simple linear equations. I explained slowly, step by step, drawing examples on the paper.

– It’s not hard, look. You’ve got x + 3 = 7. What do you do first?

She furrowed her brow, glancing at me, hoping I’d just give her the answer. But I was unrelenting.

– Think, Ania. You have to do it yourself, or you won’t learn.

It went slowly. She sighed every few minutes, adjusted her hair sticking to her forehead, and sipped water. I wasn’t having it easy either – sweat trickled down my neck, and my shirt was getting damp. Her white shirt clung to her body in places too, but we were both too busy battling the heat and equations to care.

– I hate this summer – she muttered, pouring us another glass of water.

– I hate it more – I replied, wiping my forehead. – But we’re not giving up on math.

After almost an hour, something started clicking for her. She solved two problems on her own, though with my hints. She smiled triumphantly, as if she’d just conquered Mount Everest.

– See? It’s not so bad – I said, smiling back.

We’d probably drunk half the pitcher, and the heat wasn’t letting up. After another half an hour of studying together, Ania suddenly sat up straight and put her pencil down on the table.

– I need to pee – she announced, looking at me with a slight smile.

I glanced at her and shook my head.

– No, not yet. Finish this problem first.

Surprise flashed across her face, but she went back to the paper, frowning. Five minutes later, she started squirming. She pressed her legs together, stretching them out one moment and crossing them the next, her movements betraying growing discomfort. Finally, she slipped a hand between her thighs and looked at me pleadingly.

– Seriously, I need to go.

– No – I said firmly. – You need to learn to solve problems in any condition. Life isn’t always comfortable.

She pursed her lips but kept writing. You could tell she was struggling – not just with the equations, but with the mounting pressure in her lower belly. She shifted in her chair constantly, her legs trembling, her breathing growing unsteady. After the next problem, she put the pencil down and gave me a questioning look.

– Why won’t you let me go pee? This is ridiculous!

I smiled faintly.

– Because during the matura, no one’s giving you a break mid-problem. You need to practice focus, even when something’s distracting you. Finish this last one.

She sighed heavily but tackled the next equation. Her hand shook, and her legs were clenched so tight her knuckles turned white. After about twenty minutes of torture, she finished everything I’d assigned. She tossed the paper onto the table and almost shouted:

– Okay, done! Can I go now? I’m about to pee my pants!

I looked at her with a slight smile.

– If you take them off, you won’t pee in them.

She froze. She stared at me in disbelief, then burst out laughing, though desperation glinted in her eyes.

– You’ve got some ideas… Fine, whatever, just let me go!

– We’re going together – I tossed out jokingly. – Since you won’t take your panties off, I’ll have to help you.

She froze for a moment, staring at me wide-eyed. She wasn’t sure if I was serious or just messing around. Finally, she laughed, but her voice trembled with tension.

– What, for real? – she said, standing up so fast she knocked over her glass. The leftover water spilled across the table, but she didn’t even notice. – Okay, whatever, just hurry, I can’t hold it!

I followed her. We passed through a narrow hallway, past the closed door to her parents’ bedroom. The bathroom was small, tiled in white with a crack in the corner. Ania stood by the toilet, still fidgeting. Her breathing quickened, and her hands shook as she lifted her shirt, exposing her stomach and underwear. I stepped closer, gently grabbed the elastic of her sweat-dampened panties, and slowly slid them down to her ankles. She looked at me with a mix of embarrassment and relief, then sat on the toilet. I leaned against the doorframe, watching as she let out a clear sigh and finally started to pee. The sound of the stream echoed in the tight space, and her face relaxed as the tension drained away.

When she finished, she reached for the toilet paper, tore off a piece, and wiped herself quickly. She stood, pulled her panties back up, flushed, and turned to me. Her cheeks were flushed – probably from the heat and embarrassment combined. She shot me a look that mixed annoyance and amusement.

– You’re insane, you know that? – she said, pushing past me to wash her hands in cold water. – But… I think some of those problems stuck in my head.

I grinned wider.

– See? I told you focus is key. Even in conditions like that.

She rolled her eyes, but a smile tugged at the corners of her mouth.

– So – I asked, leaning against the bathroom doorframe – next topic, or are you done for today?

Ania returned to the living room, sat at the table, and poured herself another glass of water from the pitcher. The heat and that math-and-bathroom ordeal had clearly worn her out. She took a few sips, wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, and looked at me with a faint smile.

– Maybe that’s enough – she said, leaning back in her chair. – We’ll get back to math… maybe tomorrow?

– Sure, we’ve still got time – I replied. – What did you do this summer, besides stressing about the matura?

She smiled, but something melancholic flickered in her eyes.

– Nothing special. Mostly stayed home, sometimes went out with friends in town. We went to the lake once, but it rained, so we ended up sitting under a shelter, talking about nonsense. And… – she hesitated – I thought about this math stuff. You know it’s killing me.

– Relax – I said, waving a hand. – Today was a good start. Tomorrow we’ll keep going, maybe with fractions or something simple. Step by step, Ania.

She nodded, then finished her water.

– Okay, tomorrow it is. But no stunts like today, got it? – she said with a smirk, nodding toward the bathroom.

I laughed, then looked at her with mock seriousness.

– I don’t know, no promises – I said, winking. – Might have to check if you’ve hidden a cheat sheet in your panties…

Ania froze for a second, then rolled her eyes, though her lips twitched into a smile.

– You’re impossible – she shot back, throwing a crumpled napkin from the table at me. – As if you’d find anything in there but sweat in this heat.

– I think I could find something interesting – I teased, careful not to push too far. She gave me a stern look, but soon her face broke into laughter.

– Seriously, behave tomorrow, or I’ll throw something heavier at you – she added, faking a glare, though her eyes sparkled with amusement.

– Fine, fine, I’ll be good – I raised my hands in surrender. – But only if you promise not to chew your pencil down to nothing.

She burst out laughing, and I joined her. The vibe between us lightened even more, as if the heat and exhaustion faded into the background. The humidity still pressed down – sweat beaded on our temples, and Ania’s shirt still clung to her in spots – but it somehow felt less oppressive. Maybe it was the water we’d downed (probably a liter by now), or maybe it was knowing tomorrow was another day. With math, jokes, and something that was starting to feel like an odd but cool friendship.

– So, see you tomorrow? – I asked, gathering the textbook and papers from the table.

– Yeah – she nodded, brushing a damp strand of hair from her forehead. – But no weird stuff this time, okay?

– I’ll try – I winked, and she just shook her head, still smiling.

*004*2025-04-01 17:20

This part is rather funny, with some references to desperation

Part 3 – Teaching

The next meetings with Ania went by without any major incidents, though I couldn’t resist tossing out my usual jokes. Every now and then, I’d remind her that she had to practice concentration, or I’d say:

– You can go pee once you solve this problem. Or if you solve it correctly. – I’d wink, and she’d roll her eyes, but it was clear she’d gotten used to it.

I also introduced a new rule: for every mistake in a problem, Ania had to drink a glass of water. It was meant to be a harmless penalty, and a way to keep her focused. The heat eased up in the following days, but drinking water became our ritual anyway. I stopped going to the bathroom with her – I’d learned to tell when she genuinely couldn’t hold it anymore and when she was just trying to dodge another equation. Instead, I’d ask:

– Do you really need to go, or can you hang on? – And she’d reply, sometimes with a slight smile, sometimes with fake annoyance:

– I can hang on, but don’t overdo it with the water!

The underwear topic popped up every so often too, mostly as a playful break during explanations. For example:

– If panties cost 2000 złoty and a bra costs 3000, how much do you need for the whole set? – I’d ask, pretending to be a dead-serious teacher. Or:

– If plain white panties cost 1500 złoty, red ones 2500, a white bra 3500, and a red one matching the panties 4000, how much would a set cost that you’d want to wear if I had to check for cheat sheets?

Ania’s reactions varied – sometimes she’d smile, sometimes she’d give me a light jab in the arm, and sometimes she’d blush faintly, hiding it behind a sheet of paper or her pencil.

– You’ve got an obsession with this – she’d toss out jokingly, but then she’d get back to her calculations, as if to prove the teasing didn’t throw her off.

Either way, she was making great progress. We moved from linear equations to fractions, then to simple functions and quadratic equations. She was getting better – she still got lost sometimes, but she needed my hints less and less. I could see her confidence growing with each meeting, and her notebook, once full of chaotic scribbles, started looking neat. In my opinion, she already had a solid foundation to pass the math matura without trouble. The question was just the grade – a C was within reach, but if she put in the effort, maybe even a B? That, though, was up to her, not me.

At the end of one session, as I packed up the textbook, I looked at her and said:

– You know, Ania, you’re doing really well. The matura’s not so scary anymore, right?

She smiled, brushing hair off her forehead.

– Maybe not. But if I fail, it’ll still be your fault – she joked, pointing at me, and I just laughed.

– Sure, blame the teacher. But remember: no cheat sheets in your panties, ‘cause I’ll check! – I added, and this time she actually gave me a jab, laughing loudly.

*005*2025-04-02 16:27

In this part there is some desperation, and a little peeing

Part 4 – The Exam

Finally, the day of the math matura exam arrived. The gym, where the exam was held, was thick with tension – the rustle of papers, hushed last-minute prep talks, and that distinct smell of wooden floors mixed with the nerves of dozens of students. Ania looked different than she had in August. She wore an elegant navy skirt that reached mid-calf. Her white blouse, though more formal, reminded me of that loose summer shirt, sparking a faint smile of nostalgia. I’d dressed simply – dark pants, a short-sleeved shirt, plus a tie and jacket.

Right before the exam started, Ania shot me a quick glance and headed toward the bathroom – probably for a final breather before the stress hit. When she returned and entered the gym, I approached her briefly before she took her seat.

– If you hit a snag, forget something, or mess up, just take a sip of water – I said quietly. – Even if you need to pee, it’ll help you focus. It’ll shift your mind elsewhere, ease the stress. You’ll subconsciously think you’re with me, that I’m watching over your answers, and you’ll find the right path. Good luck!

She gave an uncertain smile, nodded, and headed to her desk. She’d drawn a spot not far from me – a few rows to the side, but close enough that I could subtly keep an eye on her. The exam began. Teachers handed out the sheets, and a silence fell over the room, broken only by the creak of chairs and the soft scratch of pencils. I glimpsed the problems as one sheet passed by – they were average difficulty. A few linear equations, a quadratic function task, percentages, some geometry. Nothing we hadn’t covered. We’d practiced similar stuff for weeks, so I hoped Ania could handle it, even if something slipped her mind.

I watched her from the side. At first, she sat stiffly, pencil in hand, brow furrowed. She kept glancing at her paper, then up at the ceiling, as if the answers might be there. At one point, she reached for her water bottle and took a sip – I smirked to myself, thinking she might’ve recalled my advice. After about thirty minutes, she started writing more smoothly, though she scratched out a few things in frustration once or twice. Our eyes met briefly when she looked up – I sent her a small, encouraging smile, and she replied with a quick nod before diving back in. She seemed to be managing, though there were moments of doubt – I saw her bite her lip, scribbling calculations on her scratch paper. Halfway through, she took another sip of water, and her legs started fidgeting under the desk. “Yep, too much water,” I thought, but she held it together until the end.

When time was up, the teachers collected the sheets, and the gym filled with a buzz of relief and nervous chatter. I went straight to Ania as she stood from her desk, weaving through the crowd of students.

– So, how’d it go? – I asked, looking at her tired but somehow lighter face.

– I did everything – she said with a smile, though it wavered. – Just not sure if it’s right. I’ll tell you the details later, but sorry, I’ve gotta run – I really need to pee, and I don’t want to ruin this skirt.

– Then I’ll come with you to make sure – I said with a grin, and she stopped mid-step, unsure if I was joking or serious.

– Fine, come, but hurry, and you’re waiting outside the bathroom – she shot back, heading toward the hallway.

– And the panties? – I asked, raising an eyebrow with a playful smirk.

– I’ll handle that myself today. You know, it’s school – I don’t want rumors. Wait here – she tossed out, then disappeared behind the bathroom door.

I leaned against the wall by the frame, hearing the flush of water and faint chatter from other students leaving the gym. A moment later, Ania emerged, relief written all over her face. She walked up to me, her eyes gleaming with something new – maybe confidence, maybe excitement.

– Not here, not now, this isn’t the place – she said quietly, leaning in close. – But come over around 5pm, like usual. At my place, you can make sure I’m doing everything right. – Her voice dropped to a whisper, her breath brushing my ear. – I’ll be dressed exactly like this. Exactly. You know what I mean? Come, I’ll be waiting.

She turned and walked off down the hallway, leaving me rooted to the spot, my heart beating a little faster. Her navy skirt swayed slightly, and her white blouse caught the light streaming through the window. I wasn’t sure what she meant exactly, but one thing was clear – the day’s emotions weren’t over yet.

*006*2025-04-05 07:09

This part shows a little desperation, and peeing

Part 5 – After the Exam

I couldn’t wait for my afternoon visit to Ania’s. Her words kept replaying in my head: “I’ll be dressed exactly like this. Exactly.” What did she mean by emphasizing that word? The day was warm, and I was still in my matura suit – dark pants, shirt, and jacket. I was dying to ditch it for jeans and a loose shirt, something more comfortable and practical, but since she’d promised to wear the same outfit, I figured it’d be rude to change. My parents gave me a puzzled look as I left – I’d never liked suits, always saying it was a waste if they got dirty or torn. But this time, something kept me in that outfit.

I arrived at Ania’s right on time at 5:00 p.m. She opened the door and grinned widely when she saw me. She was in the same navy skirt and white blouse, just like at the exam.

– You’re in the same thing too? Bet you’re too warm and uncomfortable – she teased, winking. – If you want, you can take off the jacket and tie; we’re not at the exam anymore.

– Thanks for the mercy – I replied with a smile, slipping off the jacket and tossing it over a chair. – Want some water? Or maybe tea or coffee? – she asked, heading to the kitchen.

– Tea, please – I said. – It wasn’t hot enough to stick to just water.

We sat in the living room, and I started:

– So, Ania, tell me how it went.

She sat across from me, sipping her tea, and began.

– Well… the problems were okay, not too hard but not super easy either. At first, there was a linear equation, something like 2x + 5 = 13. That went smoothly; I remembered how you taught me to subtract first, then divide. But then there was a quadratic function task – I had to find the vertex of a parabola. I forgot the formula at first, you know, x = -b/2a. I panicked, but I took a sip of water like you said, and it came back to me after a bit. I think I calculated it right, though I’m not sure if I messed up the sign on b.

She paused, frowning as if replaying it in her mind.

– Then there were percentages – she continued. – Something about a discount on shoes, how much they cost after. I think I got that all right; we practiced it a million times. But there was a geometry problem too, a triangle and angles. I don’t think I finished it – I started drawing a helper line, but time ran out, and I left it half-done. Overall, though, I think it’s not bad. Thanks to you – she smiled at me warmly.

– It’ll be your success, Ania – I said. – I didn’t write your exam for you.

– True – she admitted. – But I kept feeling like you were standing behind me, making sure I didn’t mess up too badly. Whatever the result, without you, it’d have been a total disaster.

– I’m sure it’ll be a pass – I added confidently. – Maybe even a B?

– That’d be nice – she said dreamily. – But even if it’s just a C, I’ll still be so grateful to you. Thank you.

A quiet moment settled in. I sipped my tea, and she looked at me with a faint smile.

– You know – she said after a bit – that water trick of yours worked. At one point, I forgot how to solve that parabola equation and couldn’t recall it.

– I saw that – I cut in. – I got really worried you were stuck.

– But – she went on – I took a sip, and after a while, I needed to pee a little, and it came back! Like you were sitting next to me, keeping watch. It was amazing! – she exclaimed with excitement.

I smiled, seeing her joy.

– And speaking of that – she added, lowering her voice – can you… can you check if everything’s okay? Because… I’m not sure if that pee at school went right…

With that, she pulled her skirt up above her hips. My eyes landed on beautiful red panties, perfectly hugging her hips.

– See? – She pointed between her thighs. – I think I leaked a little here… but I had to go so bad… and… actually, I need to again, because after the exam I went for pizza, then I was super thirsty, and before you got here, I drank a big Coke, and… now I really have to go again. Will you help me? – She looked at me questioningly.

For a moment, I stood frozen, but then I smiled gently.

– Come on, Ania – I said, offering her my hand. She got up from the couch, and I led her to the bathroom. There, she hiked her skirt up again, revealing her pantyhose and those red panties. I stepped in front of her, slipped my hands under the pantyhose, and slid them down to her knees, then did the same with her panties. I wanted to take it slow, running my hands over her thighs and hips, but the day had already been so full of emotions – I didn’t want to overdo it. This time, Ania didn’t sit. Standing slightly bent, she started peeing. The stream shot out strongly from between her thighs, hitting the toilet with a loud splash.

– Finally – she sighed with relief. – Why didn’t you come earlier?

I wanted to say she’d invited me for 5, but I stayed quiet – the moment was too perfect to ruin. The stream gradually weakened, turning into single drops before stopping. Ania straightened up, pulled her panties and pantyhose back up, and looked at me.

– So, good? – she asked.

– Good, Ania – I replied without hesitation. – Very good.

She stepped closer and whispered in my ear:

– If I pass… you can watch over me again. But… maybe a little differently…

I looked at her, surprised but pleasantly so.

– But that’s only after the results! – she added, laughing. – You’ll have to wait!

Edited April 5, 2025 by wether

*007*2025-04-07 19:29

No peeing or desperation in this part

Part 6 – The Results

The time until the matura results were announced dragged on slowly, as if each day stretched into eternity. Ania was only waiting for her result – she could be sure of mine, though I wasn’t as confident myself. Math had always come easily to me, but there was always that shadow of doubt, especially since exams sometimes trip you up with silly mistakes from distraction. Still, I wasn’t just waiting for my result or Ania’s – I was mostly waiting for whatever else she might have in store for me. After the exam, she’d hinted at some kind of surprise, adding that uncertain “maybe” that left me hanging. On the other hand, her invitation post-exam and what happened in the bathroom gave me hope she had something interesting up her sleeve. But what? Would I be supervising her peeing again? Or something entirely different? I had no clue, and that ignorance only fueled my curiosity.

We arrived separately for the results announcement, but both dressed like we were for the exam – me in my suit, her in that navy skirt and white blouse. I wondered if she was still wearing those red panties she’d shown me that afternoon, but in the crowd of students and teachers, there was no way to check or even ask. The room was packed – a hum of chatter, nervous laughter, last-minute gossip about who messed up what. The principal stepped to the center, holding the list of results, and began reading. She went through the grades of our classmates one by one, but it didn’t really matter to me. My thoughts were with Ania – she stood a few steps away, too far to whisper a word, yet close enough that I couldn’t take my eyes off her. Her figure, slightly tense, hands probably clenched – I wondered what she was feeling, whether math had sunk her after all those hours of cramming.

Suddenly, there was a buzz around me. – Congrats! – someone said nearby, someone patted me on the shoulder. I blinked, snapped out of my daze. I’d missed my result, completely tuned it out. ‘An A!’ – it hit me a moment later. I’d expected it, but it was nice to have the final confirmation. I smiled faintly, nodding, though inside I was still restless – my A was one thing, but I was waiting for something else. Maybe even more important. Then I heard:

– Ania… C+!

I breathed a sigh of relief, feeling the tension slip off my shoulders. I looked at her – she stood a few meters away, smiling, relaxed, as if a weight had lifted from her chest. Our eyes met, and she sent me a warm, almost triumphant smile. A C+ wasn’t the B she’d dreamed of, but it was still a great result – just a few months ago, she’d been terrified math would bury her. I smiled back, more pleased with her success than my own.

The principal kept talking, saying something about how some results really surprised her – probably meaning Ania – then launched into the usual speech about how well we’d done, how hard work pays off, and all that typical blah blah blah for occasions like this. I wasn’t listening. My thoughts were circling around Ania. I wanted to go to her right away, congratulate her, shake her hand, maybe even hug her, but her words after the exam echoed in my mind: “Not here, not now, this isn’t the place.” I hesitated. Maybe she had something planned again? I didn’t want to ruin it by being pushy.

Instead, I started walking home slowly, taking the route through the park. The chestnut trees were blooming beautifully, their white flowers standing out against the green, and a warm breeze carried a sweet scent. I strolled along, in no rush, lost in thought. For some reason, I didn’t feel like talking to anyone – well, maybe except Ania. If she didn’t show up, I decided I’d drop by her place that afternoon, like usual, around 5. We could celebrate her result together, maybe have some tea, reminisce about those summer lessons and jokes.

I was walking down the path when I suddenly heard quick footsteps behind me. I turned – it was her. Ania! Still in that navy skirt, hair tousled, a slight flush on her face like she’d run to catch up. She stopped a few steps away, catching her breath.

– Hi – she said, grinning widely. – Did you think I’d let you go without a word?

I stood there, surprised, but quickly matched her smile.

– Well, I was hoping you’d come up with something. Congrats, C+ is an awesome result!

– Thanks – she said, adjusting her bag’s strap. – Without you, it’d be a D, or worse. Seriously, you’re my hero.

For a moment, we stood in silence, just looking at each other. Finally, I asked:

– So, what now? Celebrating your success?

She laughed softly, a playful glint flashing in her eyes.

– Ours – she said. – But… not here, not in the park. Come over later, like usual. I’ll figure something out. And… – she lowered her voice, leaning in slightly – maybe you’ll find out if those panties are still red.

She winked at me, then turned and walked off down the path, leaving me with a racing pulse and a head full of guesses. We knew the results now, but the excitement wasn’t over yet.

*008*2025-04-09 10:48

This part contains peeing.

Part 7 – The Shower

Right at 5:00 p.m., I knocked on Ania’s door. She opened it almost instantly, and I saw her in a completely new light – a spring dress with a floral pattern, a neckline, and short sleeves, light and breezy, as if she wanted to emphasize that the matura stress was behind us. I’d ditched the formal look too – no suits or ties, just a comfy t-shirt and pants. I felt more at ease, and the warm spring day only amplified that.

We sat in the living room, as usual at the table, though this time there were no textbooks or papers. We started talking – first about the matura, how it went for everyone, then about future plans. Ania said she was going for physiotherapy – she’d always liked helping people, and it seemed perfect for her. I’d had my sights set on computer science for ages – numbers, code, logic, that was my world. Unfortunately, our paths were diverging, which wasn’t a surprise. Even with my help, a technical university would’ve been too tough for Ania, and I couldn’t imagine giving up my plans. Still, as she talked about it, I felt a slight knot in my stomach. Something was ending, and though we’d known it for a while, it was becoming real now.

Ania noticed I’d gone quiet and a bit gloomy. She tilted her head and asked:

– What’s bothering you?

I sighed, searching for words.

– This year of studying together… it brought us closer a little, don’t you think?

She looked at me warmly, a soft glint in her eyes.

– Yeah – she said quietly. – More than a little. Without you, your help… ugh, I don’t even want to think about it. I’d like to thank you in a way you’ll remember… that we’ll both remember forever, because who knows… – Her voice trailed off, and I could guess what she meant. Different studies, different schools, different cities. Maybe we’d meet up on a weekend here and there, maybe write once in a while, but the shared stuff that bonded us – math, jokes, those weird, intimate moments – would probably fade over time.

– Ugh – she snapped out of her thoughts, sitting up straighter. – Let’s enjoy the moment. What would you like?

I hesitated. What was on my mind was bold, maybe too bold. But I thought, if not now, then when? I took a deep breath and said:

– I don’t know how to put this… how you’ll react… but maybe a shower together? To wash off the whole matura, the stress, sitting in the heat in fancy clothes. To refresh. What do you think?

My heart pounded as I waited for her reaction. This wasn’t just teasing about panties or innocent bathroom supervision – this was a step further, something intimate, something that could either change everything or ruin it. She stared at me in silence for a moment, lips slightly parted, as if weighing my words. I worried I’d gone too far, that she’d laugh or tell me to leave. But then she smiled – shyly at first, then wider, a playful spark in her eyes.

– You always have to surprise me, don’t you? – Ania said, shaking her head with a grin. She stood up and walked over to me, stopping so close I could feel the warmth of her body. – Okay, fine. Come on, before I change my mind.

We went to the bathroom – the same one that had seen so many of our strange, shared moments. The door clicked shut behind us, and Ania turned to me with a glint in her eyes.

– Check first – she said cheekily.

I stepped closer, slowly lifting her floral dress. There they were again – those red panties, the same ones from after the exam, hugging her so beautifully it took my breath away. I slid the dress off her shoulders, and she let it fall to the floor, revealing her full, shapely breasts. I stood there, mesmerized for a moment, then leaned in, slipped my hands under the elastic of her panties, and – very slowly, wanting the moment to last – pulled them down. My fingers brushed her hips lightly, and she let out a soft sigh, closing her eyes for a second.

Without waiting, she pulled off my shirt, her hands warm and steady. She unbuttoned my pants, and I let them drop to the tiles. We stood facing each other, completely naked, with a slight shiver of anticipation. We stepped into the shower – the water was already running, warm and pleasant, steam starting to fill the small space.

– I’d like to wash you – I whispered, leaning close to her ear. – Precisely.

– Precisely? – she asked, raising an eyebrow with a playful smile. – How precisely?

– Very precisely – I replied, my voice trembling slightly with emotion.

She laughed softly but nodded, giving me silent permission. I grabbed the shower gel, poured a bit into my hands, and started spreading the foam over her shoulders, collarbone, back, stomach, then down her slender legs. Her skin was warm, slick with water, and she stood still, looking into my eyes. My hands moved carefully, deliberately – I wanted her to have time to get used to my touch, to react if I went too far. Slowly, I slid them up to her shapely breasts. She didn’t protest, just sighed quietly, her breathing deepening a little. I didn’t rush – I wanted this moment to linger, for us both to feel it fully.

I knelt in front of her, running my hands from her feet up toward her thighs, nearing her most intimate spots.

– Wait – she said suddenly, and I froze, looking up. – First, pee. Check if I do it right.

She parted her legs slightly, and I watched as she started to pee. This time it wasn’t a big stream, more of a gentle, cautious trickle – a “just in case” kind. The shower water mixed with a faint splash, and I smiled lightly.

– Good – I said. – Perfect.

I stood up, and her hands took mine, guiding them where she wanted me to wash. She sighed again, louder this time, closing her eyes. Her breathing grew deeper but calmer, as if she was giving herself to the moment without hesitation. She grabbed some gel too, her hands roaming over my chest, arms, back. Her touch was soft but sure, and the water cascaded over us, washing away not just the day’s dust but something more – the whole year, the stress, the tension that had brought us here step by step.

When I rinsed the last of the foam off her, she opened her eyes and smiled at me.

– That was very precise… more than I expected – she said quietly. – I’ve never felt so clean, so… free from all of it.

I didn’t know what to say. I stood there, wet hair plastered to my forehead, feeling that words were unnecessary. We turned off the water, grabbed towels, and dried each other off – slowly, gently, with care, as if that too was part of the ritual. Then, wrapped in towels, we went to her room and sat on the couch. I wanted to kiss her – on her neck, her chest, lower – but something held me back. I looked at her, at her wet hair and flushed cheeks, and she met my gaze with a smile.

– I’d like to kiss you – I whispered, and her eyes widened slightly.

– I want that too – she replied softly. – But… maybe we shouldn’t.

We sat on the couch, still close, and I pulled her toward me. She nestled in, resting her head on my chest.

– You’ll be leaving for university soon – I said, feeling a lump in my throat. – Me too.

– I know – she sighed. – I don’t want this to get complicated. Not now. Maybe… someday.

We fell silent, but that silence said it all. We wanted to kiss, to go further, but we both knew the summer wasn’t enough to build something that might fall apart when we went our separate ways. A hug was enough – intimate, warm, and safe at the same time.

– I’ll remember this forever – I whispered.

– Me too – she replied, her voice full of calm and a belief that we had plenty of time ahead – just for ourselves.

The silence between us was warm, unforced. Ania leaned against a pillow, and I sat beside her, still feeling a faint shiver from what had happened. She smiled, then scooted closer, resting her head on my shoulder. We sat there quietly, with damp hair and a peace that seemed to say more than any words could. This wasn’t the end of our story, but a beautiful close to a chapter – something we’d both remember forever, though it’d likely never come again.

We hugged once more, and then she said:

– Come by in a few days, we’ll walk in the park. As friends, without… you know.

– Okay – I agreed, relieved that we both wanted to let it settle. – See you.

*010*2025-04-15 10:19

This part shows Ania's point of view, explaining a little her feelings. Some peeing is here.

Part 8. Ania

I was sitting on the couch, looking at him when he threw out that suggestion – a shower together. He caught me off guard, as always. “To wash off the whole matura, the stress, the heat,” he said, and I felt my heart speed up. This wasn’t just teasing about panties or those weird bathroom moments when he’d make sure I stayed focused on math. This was something more, something that could change everything. For a second, I wanted to laugh, turn it into a joke, but his eyes – serious, though a bit uncertain – stopped me.

– You always have to surprise me, don’t you? – I said, shaking my head to hide how much I was hesitating. I stood up, walked over to him, my legs trembling. – Okay, fine. Come on, before I change my mind.

My head was a mess. Walking to the bathroom, I was thinking about what was about to happen. I’d be naked, completely exposed. So would he. What if he wanted to go further? What if I did? I’d known him for a year – he taught me, joked with me, was there when I thought math would destroy me. But this? This was new territory, and I wasn’t sure if I was ready. On the other hand… I trusted him.

I remember that first time, back in August, when I had to pee in front of him. I was furious inside, embarrassed that it was even happening. I stood there, panties down at my ankles, feeling like an idiot, and he… he just pulled them down, carefully, without any unnecessary touch. I don’t recall him sliding his hands over my skin more than he had to. He didn’t take advantage, though he could have. That surprised me then, and later it started building trust. After the exam was different – I invited him over, showed him those red panties, peed in front of him because I wanted him to see. It was the emotions, relief, maybe even a bit of provocation. But now? A shower? This wasn’t a show anymore – it was intimacy, the kind you can’t take back.

We went into the bathroom, and I closed the door. My heart was pounding, but I said:

– Check first.

He lifted my dress, and I stood there, feeling myself heat up. He saw those red panties – the same ones as before – and for a moment, he looked at me like he wanted to memorize the sight forever. He slipped the dress off my shoulders, and I let it fall, exposing my breasts. I felt vulnerable but didn’t want to back out. Then his hands slid under my panties – slowly, so gently that I shivered. He pulled them down, brushing my hips, and I sighed, unable to hold back the sound. I took off his shirt, unbuttoned his pants, and we stepped into the shower. The water was warm, calming, but my thoughts were racing.

– I’d like to wash you. Precisely – he whispered, and I asked:

– How precisely?

– Very precisely – he replied, and I felt something in me soften.

He started with my shoulders, collarbone, back – neutral spots, safe ones. I appreciated that he didn’t dive right into more, that he gave me time. His hands were warm, slick with gel, and I stood there, looking into his eyes, feeling the tension slowly fade. Then he reached my breasts – he did it slowly, carefully, like he was asking for permission. I could’ve stopped him, said “enough,” but I didn’t want to. On the contrary – I wanted to feel his hands there, on my skin, in a place no one had touched like that before. I sighed quietly, and he didn’t stop, just kept going with the same care.

When he knelt, his hands moving from my feet up my legs toward my thighs, I felt a shiver. He was getting close to places that stirred both fear and excitement in me. I could’ve stopped him – for a moment, I wanted to, because it was too much, too fast. But the feeling of his fingers gliding higher was wonderful, almost magical. And then I thought it was the perfect moment to pause, not because I didn’t want it – but to say something, to do something.

– Wait – I said. – First, pee. Check if I do it right.

I parted my legs slightly, and he watched as I peed. I didn’t need to go much – it was more of a small trickle, a just-in-case thing – but in that moment, it felt perfect. He smiled and said:

– Good. Perfect.

Then his hands returned, and I took them, guiding them where I wanted him to wash. There, between my thighs, in a place that once seemed unthinkable to let someone touch. I wanted it – for him to wash away not just the sweat but the whole matura, school, stress, maybe even that earlier peeing for show. His fingers sometimes brushed sensitive spots, and I felt shivers run through me. It was wonderful, so intense that I wanted more – but not here, not now, and maybe not with him. Later, differently, more maturely.

We stepped out of the shower – water still dripped from my hair, and my skin was warm, flushed from the steam. I felt strangely light, like the stream had washed away not just the matura’s dust but something more – stress, expectations, all those hours hunched over books. I looked at him, standing nearby with wet strands clinging to his forehead, and thought it shouldn’t be this easy, this… natural. And yet it was.

– That was very precise… more than I expected – I said quietly, my head a jumble. I felt so clean, so free – from teachers’ stares, grades, the chaos of the past weeks. His hands, when he washed me, were cautious but sure, like he was saying something without words. I hadn’t expected it to be so… intimate, that I’d feel so safe with him, safer than ever before. I thought: “It’s just him, the same guy who watched over my math, and now… what are we doing?”

He didn’t reply – he didn’t need to. He stood there, water trickling down his shoulders, looking at me in a way that made words seem unnecessary. We turned off the faucet, grabbed towels – rough, a bit worn, but soft to the touch – and started drying off. I ran the towel over my shoulders first, but then he stepped closer, took it, and dried my back – slowly, gently, with a strange tenderness that made my heart flutter. I did the same for him – sliding the towel over his neck, feeling the warmth of his skin under my fingers, thinking: “This is like a ritual, something I’ll remember forever.” I didn’t want him to rush, didn’t want it to end.

Wrapped in towels, we went to my room – small, with floral wallpaper and an old couch that creaked under us as we sat. I could feel how close he was – his arm brushed mine, and wet hair left droplets on the fabric. I looked at him – at his flushed cheeks, his eyes that seemed darker now – and something in me wanted more. I thought: “What if he kissed me now? On my neck, lower… Would I stop him?” But at the same time, I was scared – not of him, but of what it would change.

– I’d like to kiss you – he whispered, his voice like a brush that made my eyes widen. My heart raced, and my head spun with thoughts: “He wants it too, he feels the same.”

– I want that too – I replied quietly, battling myself inside. I wanted to feel his lips, his warmth, his closeness – I imagined what it’d be like, how his hands would slide over my skin. But then I thought: “And then what? College, Kraków, Warsaw… It’ll fall apart before it starts.” – But… maybe we shouldn’t – I added, feeling my stomach tighten.

He sat closer, pulled me to him, and I rested my head on his chest – I could hear his heartbeat, fast like mine. I felt safe, wrapped in that warmth, but also sad – because I knew this was the line.

– You’ll be leaving for college soon – he said, the strain in his voice echoing in me. – Me too.

– I know – I sighed, picturing it: me on a train to Kraków, him in Warsaw, letters we might write but probably won’t send because who has time. – I don’t want this to get complicated. Not now – I said, feeling it was true, but part of me regretted that I couldn’t just dive in recklessly. – Maybe… someday – I added, like it was a promise I wanted to believe in.

We stayed silent, and I hugged him tighter, breathing in the scent of his skin – still damp, mixed with soap. I thought: “This is enough, it’s beautiful as it is. We don’t need more to remember it.” That silence was like an embrace – full of unspoken things but also peace, knowing we’d chosen right.

– I’ll remember this forever – he whispered, his voice steady, like he knew this wasn’t the end, just a pause.

– Me too – I replied, my voice carrying a naive, youthful faith that we had plenty of time, that someday that “maybe” would come true. I felt calm but also a longing – for something that hadn’t arrived yet was already slipping away. I thought: “It’s not regret, it’s hope. We’ll see each other again.”

*011*2025-04-21 04:00

Two parts today, both still from the point of view of Ania. They explain her emotions, feelings, and dilemmas.

Part 9. Escape

When he left, I sat on the couch with the towel on my lap, staring at the wet spots on the floor. Suddenly, I felt lost. “What have I done? I invited him for a walk, but… will I even be able to look him in the eyes?” I thought about the shower – how close we were, how much I wanted that kiss – and I got scared. Not of him, but of myself – of what was growing inside me, what could’ve happened if we hadn’t stopped. “I can’t do this,” I kept repeating to myself. “Not now, not before college, not before everything.” I felt trapped – I wanted him, but I was terrified that if I went further, I’d fall apart before I could pull myself together for Kraków.

That evening, Mom came in with a bag of groceries.

– Your aunt called from the village – she said. – Asked if you’d come for a few days. It’s peaceful there, you’ll rest.

“The village,” I thought, and something clicked. “I need to get away, cool off, think.” I hadn’t planned it before, but now it seemed like the only way to catch my breath. “If I see him in a few days, I don’t know what I’ll do – kiss him? Say too much? Then what?” I was afraid I’d lose control, that what had awakened in me would pull me too far.

– I’ll go – I said, and Mom nodded.

– Tomorrow morning, the bus is at seven – she replied.

I didn’t leave him a message. I thought about it – I could’ve written a note, asked Mom to pass it on: “I’m gone for a few days, I’ll be back, we’ll meet.” But I didn’t trust her – Mom always poked her nose into my business, read my notebooks, asked about everything. “What if she sees what I wrote? Starts digging into what’s up with this walk, with him?” I didn’t want her to know how much this shook me – it was mine, private. Besides, in the rush of packing – a skirt, blouses, a notebook with notes – I didn’t have the headspace to run to his building. “I’ll be back in a few days, I’ll explain, apologize,” I reassured myself. “He’ll understand, it’s just a moment.”

On the bus, watching the passing apartment blocks, I thought about him. I pictured him in my mind – standing at my door in a few days, knocking, and I’m not there. “Will he be mad? Surprised?” My heart stung, but it wasn’t regret – more like longing. I imagined his wet hair, that smile when he teased about panties, and his warmth when he hugged me. “This isn’t the end,” I told myself as the bus turned onto the rural road. “I’ll come back, tell him I needed to think. We still have time.” But deep down, something whispered that it might be harder than I thought – the aunt, the village, then exams… Life was already starting to pull us apart, and I didn’t even know it yet.

Part 10. Ania

The bus stopped on a dusty road – I got off with my bag slung over my shoulder, surrounded by fields, cottages, and that distinct smell of hay and dust. My aunt was waiting by the fence – thin, in an apron, with a gray scarf on her head. “You came just in time, you’ll help with the strawberries,” she said, and I nodded, though my mind was still on you – leaving my room, wet hair, and that quiet “I’ll remember this forever.”

The first few days felt like another world. My aunt’s house – old, with a wooden floor and a tiled stove – had no bathroom with running water. There was a well in the yard, cold water in a bucket, and a basin for washing. A “shower” was a bucket of heated water in a shed behind the house, where I stood on a concrete floor, pouring slowly to make it last. Every time the water ran over my skin, I thought of THAT shower – how you stood beside me, your hands gliding over my back. I’d felt warmth, closeness then; here, it was cold and lonely. “It’s so different,” I thought, staring at my reflection in my aunt’s cracked mirror. “That was… special.” The memory came back – not as regret, but as a warm trace I carried inside. “Is he thinking about it now?” I wondered, drying off with a rough towel.

Days were filled with work – mornings picking strawberries with my aunt, my hands smelling of earth and red juice, then helping with the chickens, carrying water from the well. Evenings, I sat on the porch, looking at the fields, and you were on my mind. I imagined you knocking on my door, my mom telling you I’d left. “Surprised? Angry? Or has he already forgotten?” I didn’t want you to forget – I couldn’t. I thought of your smile, that joke about panties, the warmth of your chest when we hugged.

“I should’ve left something, told Mom to pass on a message,” I kept telling myself, but then I’d recall her nosy stare. “No, that would’ve just complicated things.” I looked at my hands and thought of you. “He’d laugh, say he’s watching my hands like he did my math.” I smiled, picturing your grin, that teasing glint in your eyes. “What’s he doing now? Sitting in his room? Waiting by my building?” A brief pang of longing hit, but my aunt called: “No slacking, half a row left!” and I got back to work.

In the afternoons, I carried water, fed the chickens, and evenings, I sat on the porch with an anatomy book. Entrance exams were in early July. “I have to study,” I told myself, flipping through notes on muscles and joints. “This is my future – Kraków, physiotherapy, a career.” I thought about how important it was to get in, to have a profession, something of my own. But then, one day, I went to pee behind the barn – no indoor toilet here – and paused in the tall grass. “I don’t know if I’m doing this right,” I thought with a smile, and you popped into my head – joking that you’d check if I was calculating or standing correctly. “He’d tell me how to do it village-style,” I laughed to myself, feeling warmth in my chest. It was our thing – your jokes, my eye-rolling – and for a moment, I missed it more than I’d expected.

A few days later, at dinner – potatoes with sour milk – my aunt said she needed me longer. “The cow’s calving, and I can’t manage alone. Stay another week, will you?” I looked at her, my head spinning. “A week? What about the walk? What about him?” I thought of you, waiting by my building, and something stung – not guilt, but regret that this was dragging on. “I won’t be back in time, I won’t explain,” it hit me. But then I glanced at the fields outside, the quiet here, and thought: “Maybe this is good. Maybe I need this more than I realized.” My aunt looked up from her plate.

– Something’s on your mind, Anka? You’re so quiet, not like you.

I froze, but her eyes – narrowed, wise – wouldn’t let me dodge.

– Well… there’s someone… – I started cautiously. – A guy from my class. We met after the exam, talked, it was… nice. We promised to go for a walk, but I left.

I didn’t mention the shower – that was too much, too ourn, too ours – but my aunt nodded like she knew more.

– Serious, is it? – she asked, and I shrugged.

– I don’t know. Maybe, but at the wrong time – college, Kraków…

She wiped her mouth with her apron and said:

– Eh, youthful passions. You’ll meet plenty more, Anka. Life’s long, boys come and go. Focus on what’s now – studies, work, that stays.

Her voice was gruff but warm – like someone who’d lived through her own share. I thought: “Maybe she’s right? Maybe it’ll pass?” I felt relief, but also a slight pang – that what started might just be a moment.

The emotions began to settle – not that I forgot you, but the chaos in my head, the fear after the shower, slowly faded. By the evening campfire my aunt lit, I stared into the flames and thought: “What happened was beautiful, but I can’t dream about it now. College, Kraków, a new life – I need to focus.” Your memory didn’t hurt as much anymore – it became warm, distant, like an echo. “I’ll be back, we’ll see each other,” I told myself, but without the fever I’d felt on the couch. The village calmed me – hands busy with work, head quieted by silence. “Maybe someday,” I said to myself, believing it wasn’t the end, just a pause that had to happen.

When I learned I’d stay until the end of June – my aunt asked, and I couldn’t say no – I thought of you one last time before sleep. “He’s probably left by now, maybe for Warsaw exams. Not waiting by my building anymore.” A slight sadness hit, but relief followed. “This isn’t escape, it’s time for me. We’ll meet again if fate wants it.” The emotions blurred – they didn’t vanish, but they stopped shaking me. The shower stayed in my memory – not as something I needed to finish right away, but as a promise for someday.

One evening by the campfire, I weighed it in my head. “Physiotherapy is my dream – years of study, work, stability. And him? That warmth, that shower… Is it worth risking now?” I felt the emotions settling – what had been stirring in me, the chaos after the shower, was losing its edge. I didn’t forget you – I thought of you while picking strawberries, by the fire – but it stopped shaking me. “It’s a price, but is it that high?” I asked myself. “Maybe I’m not losing him entirely, just putting it off for later.”

At night, lying in a narrow bed under a heavy quilt, I thought: “Exams are close, I need to focus. He’s probably gone, maybe on vacation or to Warsaw for exams.” Your memory became warm, distant – like a dying campfire. “I’ll go back to the city, write to him, we’ll meet someday,” I reassured myself. The emotions blurred – not gone, but no longer a storm. The shower was in my memory – not as something I had to finish now, but as a promise that could wait. “The future is now,” I thought, drifting off. “And him… maybe someday.”

I returned from the village at the end of June, just before the entrance exams – dusty, with a bag full of dirty clothes and a notebook of notes I’d studied on the bus. I stood in front of the university building in Kraków – gray, with peeling paint – my heart in my throat. “This is my future,” I thought, smoothing the skirt I’d dug out from the bottom of my closet. But in my head, amid muscles and joints, you were still there – a shadow I couldn’t quite shake.

The first exam was theory – a room full of people, long tables, papers with anatomy questions. “What connects the trapezius muscle to the scapula?” I read, chewing my pencil. I’d studied this in the village by kerosene lamp, but now, under the gaze of a bespectacled professor, everything jumbled. I focused – wrote about tendons, nerves, movements – and slowly, muscles and joints pulled me in. “I have to pass,” I repeated to myself. “This is more important than anything.” But during a break, standing in the hallway with a cup of tea, I glanced at the window and thought of you. “Is he taking exams now too? In Warsaw, for his computer science?” I was sure you got in – you always had a knack for math, watched over me better than I did myself – but I still wondered. “He passed. He must have.” I smiled at the thought, feeling warmth that the bell for the next stage quickly doused.

After the exams, waiting for results by the announcement board, I stood among others – excited, nervous – and thought of us. “Will we meet again someday?” I asked myself, watching the crowd. In the village, my emotions had settled – the chaos after the shower, the fear something in me would explode, faded under the weight of fields and notes. But now, with muscles and joints no longer keeping me in check, you returned – not as a storm, but a warm breeze. “Maybe someday, like we promised,” I thought. “But do I want that? Am I scared it’ll break me again?” I was afraid – not of you, but of what might awaken in me, like that shower was a spark I’d doused, but not completely.

That evening, in the dorm where I got a temporary room, I sat at a table with paper and a pen. “I could write,” I thought. I imagined a letter – a few words about the exams, a joke, a question about you. My hand trembled, but I started:

“Hi, it’s me, Ania. I passed – got into my dream physiotherapy program. You? Computer science? I know you got in, you were always better at math. I went to the village, needed to think – after we saw each other, after the exam. It was nice, more than nice – remember that walk we didn’t have? I thought of you picking strawberries, peeing behind the barn, wondering if I was doing it right (you’d have laughed). My aunt said it’s youthful passions, that I’ll meet plenty more – maybe she’s right? But I remember you saying you’d remember it forever. Me too. Come to Kraków sometime, or I’ll visit Warsaw – I don’t know if it’s a good idea, but I think about it sometimes. Write if you want.”

I looked at my words – messy, scribbled in a rush. “This is me, the way I am,” I thought. “But if he replies? If it comes back – that warmth, that fear?” I was scared of the emotional burst my aunt called a “passion.” I tore up the paper, tossed it in the trash. “Not now,” I thought. “College, Kraków – that’s what matters.” I passed, I was thrilled, but at night it returned: “Did he get in? Does he think of me?” You were an echo – faint but alive. Meeting? I wanted it, but I was scared – my aunt might be right, and I didn’t want to test it. The letter stayed in the trash, and I moved forward, onward. I was afraid that if I sent it, it’d all come back – the warmth of your chest, the fear I’d drown in it, the longing I’d barely quieted. “I can’t now,” I decided. “Not when I’m just starting – college, Kraków, the new me.”

*012*2025-04-23 06:04

This part moves us from 1988 to 2014. Another time, another place...

Part 11. The New World

It was early September 2014. I was strolling along Nowy Świat (New World street) in Warsaw, taking in the facades of tenement houses and the shop and café windows. It was a warm day, perhaps too warm for September. I walked slowly, at a leisurely pace, reflecting on my past. After all, Warsaw was where I was supposed to study. Maybe this is where my career would have taken off – as a scientist, researcher, inventor. Maybe I’d have some groundbreaking discovery or important invention to my name, along with a prestigious award. 

Maybe I’d be known, if not worldwide, then at least in Poland. Maybe from here I’d have ventured further, to international research centers, opening new possibilities. That’s the future my high school teachers, especially Mrs. Bogusława, saw for me. But… it didn’t turn out that way. Warsaw wasn’t meant for me after all. It’s not that Gliwice offered fewer opportunities – the Polytechnic was, and still is, one of Poland’s leading universities. But… a lingering regret for a missed chance remained. And “New World” stayed just the name of a street, not a promise of a new, better life.

My thoughts instinctively drifted back to the days right after the matura. I’d considered studying in Warsaw… yet I chose my hometown, Gliwice. Why, and was it worth such a sacrifice? Looking back, I know it wasn’t. I should’ve ventured out into the world – in 1988, maybe not entirely new, but different, more open to people with ideas – instead of staying put, picking at still-unhealed wounds in my heart and waiting for something that, as we now know, never came.

When Ania suddenly left after the matura, my world crumbled a bit. What? Just like that? Without a word? Without even a note? That lack of any message was crushing. And her parents, who bluntly said – we don’t know when she’ll be back, don’t come around. Meanwhile, I had to focus on entrance exams – already in Gliwice. Back then, it was a grueling ordeal, showing up every day at 7 a.m. to write. Not like the shared matura… but once you got into college, you made sure not to flunk out. Now… ugh, better not say.

I often wondered what was happening with Ania. Did she get into her dream program? Did she graduate? What did she do next? Is she in Kraków, or somewhere else? Why doesn’t she write? Call? Why doesn’t she show up at matura reunions? But the only response was silence, emptiness, nothingness.

A year after the matura, Poland became a different country. The 1989 elections, the long-awaited freedom. New hopes, new possibilities – but also new fears. Runaway inflation, but also a free market. It became easier to leave, and people did – for work, for a new life. I, however, chose to stay – as if something heavy, stronger than gravity, held me here. The world was changing in front of our eyes. The past, even the recent past, was slowly fading, slipping into oblivion. We were already looking forward – though four years of college lay ahead, we were wondering what it’d be like. 

Friends traded small goods, took odd jobs, learning entrepreneurship from life, which later helped them start their own businesses or companies. And me? I pursued my passions, both in IT and beyond, kept learning. I wasn’t at the top anymore like in high school, but I was still among the best – that was enough, and I didn’t need more. I didn’t tutor others as often – though when someone needed help, I didn’t shy away. And it still brought me joy, which is why I decided to stay at the Polytechnic after graduating.

There were women around me too. Ola, who I went hiking with in the mountains; Marysia, who dragged me out for morning runs before it was trendy. Basia, Iza, Monika, Aneta. I could list many names, but with none of them did I build the closeness I had with Ania. Ania wasn’t constantly on my mind or in my memories anymore, but when autumn melancholy hit each year, she returned. I’d imagine what she looked like, what she was doing. But did those imaginings have anything to do with reality? I didn’t know.

Passing by a café, I heard the strains of Johnny Cash’s “She Used to Love Me a Lot” coming from inside. “I saw her through a window today”… and then it happened. Through the window, I saw her. Ania. That Ania, though surely not the same. My – not my – Ania. She was sitting at a table, with a coffee cup, staring at her phone. Her hair was shorter, shoulder-length, with streaks of gray; her face a bit fuller, with fine wrinkles around her eyes, but it was her. Dressed in a navy coat, a light blouse underneath, a worn bag on the table – she looked like a woman in her forties living her life, without pretense.

My heart raced, and my head swirled with questions. Go in? Stay out? I hadn’t seen her since that summer – the shower, the couch, her leaving without a word. What’s she been up to? Did she get into physiotherapy? Graduate? Is she working? Or did she ditch it all for a different life? And why did she vanish back then – no note, no letter, no explanation? “Maybe it meant nothing to her?” I thought. For me, that moment was like a seal – warm water, her wet hair, a closeness we didn’t cross but that etched itself into my memory. What if for her it was just a moment of weakness she later regretted? Though we didn’t do anything wrong – no recklessness, nothing that could’ve hurt us. And yet… something was left unsaid, interrupted, like a thread that snapped.

I debated what to do. If she hadn’t reached out all this time, how would she react? Would she want to talk? Would she brush me off with other obligations and leave? Would she disappear, like in 1988? Maybe it was better not to risk it, not to reopen old wounds. I almost turned and walked away, but then I heard: “I started to keep going, but something made me stop… old memories would win her heart for sure…” – and I crossed the café’s threshold.

*013*2025-04-24 03:30

Part 12. After Years

The smell of coffee and the soft hum of conversations hit me as soon as I stepped inside. Ania sat at a table by the window, holding a cup in her hands. She looked up and smiled warmly – just like back then. I approached, feeling the briefcase under my arm suddenly grow heavier.

– Is that you? – she asked, setting her phone down. Her voice was soft but tinged with surprise, as if she was still making sure it was really me.

– Yeah, it’s me, Ania – I replied, sitting across from her. – Where have you been? What’s happened to you? – The questions crowded my mind, a flood of memories and unspoken queries: “Why did you disappear? Did you get into physiotherapy? What came next?” But I held back – I didn’t want to overwhelm her right away. Instead, I smiled, trying to catch my breath.

– A lot to tell – she said, fiddling with the handle of her cup. – I’m here for a training course now. They’re teaching new massage techniques. You know, back then I didn’t realize how needed this profession would be. – She looked at me, her eyes sparkling as if she’d gone back to those days. – Now everyone’s hunched over computers, staring at phones, barely moving, driving everywhere. Not like when we were… – She trailed off mid-sentence, as if something stopped her. For a moment, she stared into space, and I saw the old Ania in her – athletic, jogging around the neighborhood, braid bouncing on her back. It was still there – her straight posture, confident movements, despite the passage of time.

I’d tried to stay active too – jogging sometimes, playing volleyball with colleagues from the university – but with my job, endless lectures, and conferences, it wasn’t easy. Now, sitting across from her in a suit, with a touch of gray at my temples, I felt how far we’d come from that summer under the shower – and yet how close we still were.

– But, but – she added after a moment, snapping out of her thoughts – you were supposed to go into IT. You’d know better than anyone how it is with those computers. – She smiled again, this time with a hint of teasing, like back when she’d joke about my math tutoring.

– Yeah, I know – I replied, chuckling softly. – I went, graduated, now I teach others how to hunch over screens. – I spread my hands as if that explained everything. – But you… physiotherapy? Did you get in back then? – I couldn’t hold back; the question slipped out despite myself.

She looked at me, and something flickered in her eyes – maybe surprise that I remembered, maybe a trace of that summer. – Yeah, I got in – she said after a pause. – Graduated, been working in it for years. But… it’s a long story. – She broke off again, and I sensed there was more behind that “long story” – her silence, something I didn’t yet understand and wasn’t sure I ever would.

We sat in silence for a second, and I thought about the impulse from moments ago – that feeling from Cash’s song when I saw her through the glass. “She used to love me a lot” – maybe not “love,” maybe not that much, but something connected us back then, something she cut off without a word. “Why didn’t she write? Was she ashamed? Did she forget?” I wondered, looking at her hands, still strong, likely from years of massage. Those hands, which once touched my back under the shower, now held a cup – different, yet the same. But I didn’t ask – not yet.

– You know – Ania said quietly, breaking the slightly awkward, slightly meaningful silence – if you hadn’t helped me with math back then… I wouldn’t be here. I probably wouldn’t have even passed the matura. – She looked at me, a glint of gratitude in her eyes. – What would I have done then? Some vocational school? Or straight to work? But this way… I do what I love, what I always wanted, helping people. Thanks to you. – She smiled, then added: – And you? Don’t your back or shoulders ever hurt from the computer? Maybe… maybe you need a massage? It’s the least I could do to repay you for your help… back then.

Her words caught me off guard – I hadn’t expected her to go back to those lessons, to credit me with so much. I looked at her, at that smile that still held the old Ania, and felt warmth – not just from the coffee the waitress had just set in front of me. – Yeah, my back or shoulders ache sometimes – I said calmly, straightening up reflexively as if it’d make a difference. – But I don’t want you to think you owe me anything. I… back then… I wanted to help you. And thanks to you, I found I liked teaching others. Maybe, if not for you, I’d be doing something else.

It was true – those hours tutoring math shaped me, pushed me toward lecture halls.

– But… – she said softly, her voice trembling as if fighting some impulse – I want to give you that massage. I want to. Right now. – She looked up, and something flashed in her eyes – maybe a memory, maybe a desire to close some circle. – We can go to the training room where the course is. I helped clean up afterward, I have the key. We can slip in quietly and… – She stopped, as if embarrassed by her own boldness, but didn’t take it back.

I was stunned. “A massage? Now?” I thought, and the shower flashed in my mind – warm water, her hands on my back, that closeness that got cut off. For a moment, I saw us again – young, under the stream – but now we were here, 25 years later, with gray hair and life’s baggage. “Why not?” crossed my mind, and Cash’s words – “it’s not too late to start again… take up where we left off” – pushed me forward. – Okay – I said, smiling lightly. – If you’ve got the key, lead the way.

She stood, slinging her bag over her shoulder, and I downed my coffee in one gulp. We left the café – Nowy Świat buzzed around us, and we walked in silence, as if this massage was more than just gratitude. “What’s she thinking now?” I wondered, glancing at her profile. “Does she remember it the same way I do? Is this… a return for her too?” The training room awaited – key in her hand, and I felt that soon something would be resolved, something that had hung between us for a quarter of a century.

*015*2025-04-24 10:36

{{ 

38 minutes ago, holdit247 said:

Beautiful story. In some ways I hope it's true

}}

Thank you very much! I am glad you like it. It's fiction, but loosely inspired by my own past.

*017*2025-04-24 11:44

{{ 

35 minutes ago, susiakanJ said:

More wetting and will be perfect

}}

There will be one more scene with a little peeing.

Edited April 24, 2025 by wether

*019*2025-04-25 03:11

Part 13. Memories

We walked for a few minutes in silence – Nowy Świat behind us, Ania leading me down a side street to the training building. In the elevator, I glanced at her – navy coat, bag on her shoulder, confidence in her movements. The key jangled as she opened the door.

– Come on, we need to be quiet – she whispered, turning the lock. – No one’s here, but better not draw attention.

The room on the first floor was bright, modern – white walls, framed anatomy posters, a professional skeleton with movable joints in the corner. Four massage tables – covered in soft, gray fabric – stood by the window; on a glass shelf were bottles of oils, neatly folded towels, tubes of creams. It smelled of eucalyptus and citrus, and the hum of Puławska Street drifted through the slightly open window. Ania took off her coat, staying in a light blouse and jeans, rolling up her sleeves with practiced ease.

– Lie down – she said, pointing to a table. – We’ll practice a new technique.

I took off my jacket and shirt, lying face down – the table’s fabric was cool but soft, warming quickly. Ania poured oil – lavender mixing with eucalyptus – and touched my back. Her hands were different now – warm but rough from years of work, with slight calluses on her fingertips, as if every massage had left its mark. Back then, her hands were soft, hesitant, slick with soap – now I felt strength, precision, experience. She started with my shoulders – thumbs digging into knots, firm but not harsh, easing tension I’d carried for years at a desk. I felt their weight, their warmth, as if they remembered my back from a quarter-century ago but now knew more – where to press, where to ease off.

– You can tell you work out – she said after a moment, sliding her fingers over my shoulder blades. – You weren’t this muscular back then, were you?

– I try – I replied with a smile, my voice muffled by the table. – Back then, I was more chasing after you than lifting weights.

She laughed softly. – I can feel you sit crooked – she added, pressing along my spine. – Your chair or monitor’s set wrong, isn’t it? Backs are like open books; I can read your life from them. Too many hours at a desk, too little movement.

– Blame the polytechnic – I muttered. – Students don’t forgive if I’m not prepared.

The oil glided over my skin, her fingers tracing my spine down to my lower back – the pressure deep, confident, hitting points I didn’t know existed, and I felt the burn turn to relief, muscles letting go. This wasn’t that shower – it was something new, yet old, as if her hands were saying: “I remember you.”

We were quiet for a long moment – only her hands worked, and I drifted in their rhythm.

– You always had good hands – I said finally, glancing sideways. – Even back then, I felt it when you washed my back.

Her movements slowed, and a soft laugh escaped her.

– You and your lines – she replied, kneading my neck. – I remember how you watched over my math. And not just math.

– Well, someone had to – I teased, feeling her fingers – rough but warm – loosen my neck. – Otherwise, you’d have flunked with those panties.

She smiled, moving her hands to my shoulder blades – slower, as if something distracted her.

– Do you remember that shower? – she asked softly, her voice gentler.

I lay there a moment, images flooding back – wet hair, the towel slipping off her shoulders, warm water.

– How could I forget? – I replied, lifting my head. – Your wet hair, that moment… I thought about it a lot afterward.

– Really? – She looked at me, her hands pausing, leaving a warm trace of oil. – Me too. Sometimes I regret we stopped there.

I turned, sitting up on the table. The room was quiet – the hum of a fan, distant cars. We looked at each other – her in her blouse, me with a towel around my hips.

– I wanted to kiss you then – I admitted. – On your neck, lower… But I didn’t want to rush it. We had so much time ahead… – I added, with a hint of unintended reproach.

– I wanted it too – she said, sitting beside me. – You were so close, I thought you would. Why didn’t we?

We fell silent, her hands – with faint veins under the skin – resting on her lap, trembling slightly. After a moment, she said with a smile, as if to break the silence: – You know, if you’d looked like this back then, all muscular, maybe I wouldn’t have hesitated about kissing you. Maybe I’d have kissed you first.

– Found out too late – I replied, laughing softly. – Should’ve started working out sooner.

She laughed, running her fingers through her hair, her gaze briefly drifting as if recalling something. Then she looked back at me, her smile fading into something softer. – You know… – she started, looking down – in all these years, no one’s touched me the way you did then. I’ve been in relationships, but… it wasn’t the same. Mechanical somehow, without that gentleness, that feeling I had with you. I always missed it, that closeness I couldn’t find anywhere else.

I was stunned. She smiled faintly, embarrassed.

– And I never met anyone as open as you to keep an eye on – I said with a grin, easing the tension.

She laughed softly.

– Maybe we’ll finish this massage someday – she said, standing. – Come to my office in Kraków. I’ve got better conditions there than here.

– Gliwice to Kraków’s not that far – I replied, smiling. – I finished IT in Silesia, now I teach at the polytechnic. I’ll stop by when conferences give me a breather.

– Gliwice? – She raised an eyebrow, surprised. – I thought Warsaw. Well, then you’ve got to come. – There was something warm, inviting in her voice, as if Kraków might be more than just an office.

*020*2025-04-26 05:10

{{ 

On 4/11/2025 at 1:09 AM, San-Fierro said:

Oh why do you make it sad...

}}

Well... I don't know 😉 I think it's more emotional this way.

*021*2025-04-27 03:35

This is the last part. Some peeing is here, as a symbol of this a bit unusual relationship. Who knows, maybe some day I will continue ...

Part 14. Kraków

A few months passed. In spring 2015, I went to Kraków for a work trip – an IT training in the city center, something about new university systems. Ania texted me the day before: “I’m at the office, stop by for a massage, I promised.” I stood at the door on a narrow staircase – a sign read “Anna Kowalska Physiotherapy.” Kowalska – I thought – not Nowak. I knocked. She opened the door in a white coat, a knee-length black skirt and gray blouse peeking out underneath. Her hair was pinned in a bun, professional, but her smile – the same as in 1988, the same as in the Nowy Świat café – lit up her face.

– Lie down – she said, pointing to the table as if it were a given. – This time, properly.

The office was warm, cozy – wooden floor, a small table with oils, a muscle chart on the wall, soft light from a corner lamp. I took off my shirt and lay face down – the table was comfier than in Warsaw, padded, with a faint lavender scent in the fabric. Ania poured oil – warm, smelling of rosemary – and touched my back. Her hands were as I remembered from the training room, but I felt them more fully now – rough from years of massage, with slight calluses on her fingertips, but warm, almost hot, as if carrying all her experience. 

They glided over my shoulders with a strength they didn’t have back then – back then, they were soft, shy, slick with soap; now every move had purpose, confidence, yet something personal, as if they recalled my body from a quarter-century ago. I felt their weight, warmth spreading across my skin, relief in muscles loosening under her fingers – thumbs digging into knots, fingertips sliding along my spine. It was the touch of someone who knew what they were doing, but to me, still the same – echoing that shower.

– It feels so good to have your hands on me again – I said, my words hanging in the quiet.

She smiled – I caught it out of the corner of my eye – and kneaded my shoulders harder, as if saying something without words.

– Remember what I said in Warsaw? – she asked after a moment, her voice soft but warm.

– That no one touched you like I did? – I replied, lifting my head.

– Yeah – she admitted, slowing her movements. – And that I wanted you to kiss me back then.

I turned, sitting up on the table. She sat beside me – her skirt rode up slightly above her knees, her coat parting to the side.

– I wanted it too – I said, looking into her eyes. – Why did we stop?

– I don’t know – she sighed, her hands – rough, warm – resting on her thighs. – But in these 25 years, no one’s touched me like you did. No one kissed me in the places you could’ve. I always missed it.

Her words stopped me – she tried to resume the massage, but her hands trembled, oil glistening on her fingertips.

– I can’t – she whispered, sitting closer, so close I felt the warmth of her body.

I kissed her neck – slowly, breathing in her skin mixed with rosemary. She shivered, and her hands – the same ones that eased my back – touched my face, warm, slightly damp with oil. I kissed her collarbone – her coat parted, revealing the gray blouse – then lower, her stomach. She wasn’t as slim as back then, but she still kept in shape – straight posture, soft yet firm, like someone who once ran through THAT park.

– I wanted this… back then… – she whispered – and I want it now. I crave it. Maybe more than then.

Her skirt rode higher, revealing her thighs – I kissed her there, her skin warm, soft, smelling of oil and something uniquely hers. I looked up – she was wearing red panties. THESE panties.

– You still have them? – I asked, surprised, raising an eyebrow.

– Kept them… as a memento… – she whispered, her cheeks flushing. – A bit tight now, but I still fit – she joked, and the quip broke the tension, like back during math lessons.

I knelt before her – like under the shower – and gently kissed her thighs, closer to those panties. It held something of that summer – youthful shyness, the desire to explore another person, like it was the first time. I looked into her eyes – they were closed, she was smiling, breathing deeply. She lightly grabbed my hair – her hands, rough but tender – we locked eyes… and she pulled my face… there. I felt her warmth, her scent, a closeness we didn’t have then, now like a fulfilled promise.

– I need to pee – she said suddenly, with a hint of jest. – Will you check if I’m doing it right?

I froze. I looked up – she was grinning wider, eyes sparkling. I laughed softly – this was her, the Ania I remembered from a quarter-century ago. The tension burst like a bubble. But she didn’t stop at the joke – she slid her panties to the side, not taking them off, grabbed a small metal container from the shelf – one for tools – and held it between her thighs. I heard a faint trickle – not much, a few drops, symbolic, like under the shower when water ran over us both. She set the container on the table, looked at me with a smile – part shy, part triumphant.

– Well? – she asked, adjusting her panties. – Good?

I paused for a second, still kneeling, feeling the absurdity and intimacy of the moment. “It’s like the shower,” I thought, then said:

– Perfect. Like always when I watched you. – I smiled, standing up.

– I need to tell you something – she said suddenly, her voice trembling. – We can’t go further. I have a husband, kids. But… if you’re ever in Kraków, always let me know. Come by. For a massage. Or… – Her voice broke slightly. – I’m always… open for you.

I stopped, looking at her – her eyes were wet, but her lips still smiled. I sat beside her, wiping my face with my hand. “Husband, kids” – it hit me, but didn’t surprise me. 25 years was a life I didn’t know. Yet those panties, her words – “always open” – left something between us, something without an end, just a pause.

I looked at her – wet eyes, sincere smile. That display, panties aside – it was a return to 1988, to that brief moment of ours, making up for it, but no more.

– Do you ever come to Gliwice? – I asked, sitting beside her.

– Rarely – she said, her face falling. – My dad passed long ago, my mom… doesn’t matter. I’ve got no one there. Ties broke off since I settled in Kraków. – She furrowed her brow, as if recalling something. – Wait, Gliwice? I thought you went to Warsaw for math after the matura. You were so good, everyone said so. I imagined you as some famous professor, a big name in your field.

– Famous professor? – I laughed softly. – That was impossible. Like, the Pope went for cream puffs after his matura, and I went to check out your panties. No chance for a grand career after that start. I stayed in Gliwice, went to the polytechnic there. I was going to Warsaw, but after that shower, your leaving, the silence… I wanted to stay close, in case you came back, in case you… reached out. And it just stuck – I teach there now.

Her smile faded, her eyes glistened. – You waited? – she whispered, something heavy, like regret, in her voice. – You didn’t go to Warsaw… because of me? Because I… ran away? – She fell silent, looking down. – I had no idea. I thought you were living your life, and you… – She stopped, clenching her hands on her lap.

– Don’t worry – I said gently. – It was my choice. Maybe I wouldn’t have been a professor anyway. – I smiled, but her eyes said she felt more than she’d say.

– No, it’s because of me – she murmured, almost to herself, tears glinting on her lashes. – I ran because I was scared… of myself, of you, of what could’ve been. And you paid for it. – She looked up, eyes wet, full of guilt. – I’m sorry.

I didn’t answer right away – her words hung between us, heavy, true. I stood from the table, and she rose from the chair, uncertain. I opened my arms, and she stepped into them – we hugged, tightly, unhurried. No kisses, just a long embrace, the kind shared by people who know each other too well to rush. I felt her warmth, the scent of oil on her skin, a slight tremble as she pressed her face into my shoulder. We didn’t let go quickly – we stood there, as if this could undo that departure, that silence, though we both knew it couldn’t. She finally pulled back slowly, wiping her eyes, and I smiled to break the silence.

– Tell me – she said, sniffling, with a faint smile – do you still use those unconventional teaching methods like with me? Especially with female students?

– No – I replied, smiling warmly. – You were the only one. I never taught anyone else like that, never watched over anyone like that. It was our thing, just ours. You and me.

She smiled, a soft glint in her eyes. – If you’re ever in Gliwice – I said – we’ll walk in the park. Promise me. I’ve been waiting for that… since… since then.

– I promise – she said quietly, though a hint of hesitation, like guilt, tinged her voice. – If I’m in Gliwice, I’ll let you know. The park… as friends, after all these years. – She stood, smoothing her skirt, but looked at me once more, with that same shadow of regret. – So, shall we finish the massage?

– Finish it – I said, lying back down. Her hands returned – warm, rough, sure – and I thought about how we’d stay like this: sort of friends, sort of more, forever suspended between the shower that was and the walk that might never come.

*023*2025-05-13 09:30

{{ 

On 5/12/2025 at 12:15 AM, Nephrite said:

Ohh gosh, we came here to read some smut.

Instead you brought us a beautiful bitter-sweet love story. It was an interesting refresher.

}}

At first, I wanted to write only the part with the first lesson (when Anna is denied to pee until she solves the tasks) but later I was interested what would happen next. I didn't know where the story would go... but I am glad you like it, despite the desperation and peeing theme became less apparent with time. Who knows, maybe that's another sign of the maturity? 😉

