The bedwetting Girlfriend

Author: wettingmybed

*000*2013-06-24 04:57

Night time has fallen, it's 11pm and my girlfriend Rose and I are dead tired. On any normal night Rose would wear a diaper to bed but tonight was a special night. "Honey, where are the pullups?" Rose asks me with a worried look on her face. For as long as I could remember she's always had bladder control problems. She's wet herself many time when we are together, usually with a diaper. While I do love the sound her bladder makes when hitting the diaper tonight I hid them from her. "We ran out, sorry baby but we are going to have to make do." She gives me a horified look, almost like I told her someone had passed away. "This is bad, I just had a drink before bed."

It's 12 am, she has fallen asleep while I am wide awake as ever. I keep wondering if tonight I could be so lucky, if tonight I finally get to see her wet her pajamas. She's wearing a long red cotton shirt that would have a perfect stain on, and these pink pajama pants that would leak right through yet flowing onto her body. The best part of it all, I'm cuddling her all night. Waiting for her bladder to explode right on me, I might even go with her.

1 am and I can hear her quiver, she clearly has to go as every noise she makes is one of despiration. It starts to rain outside, with water tapping on the window. It's a slight dropping noise, it's making me have to go myself. I keep wondering how much piss there will be, how warm will it feel, will she wake up. And finally the time has arived.

I hear a final grunt coming from her mouth. It's slow at first, just a few drops. I place my body on her while more and more drops come harder and harder. Her pants becomes even darker, with this warm liquid flowing all over us. It begins to slide on her legs, dripping down the bottom of the bed. She's dead asleep with a smile on her face, she turns around where I can see the other side of the damage. Her shirt is warm, with a dark wet area hitting her body, her cotch is the only wet spot on her front. She wakes up, upset we have to clean the bed. And I show her the diaper she could have warn tonight.

This is my first story, I'm not much of a writer. As you can tell by the name I really enjoy bedwetting. I hope you all enjoy it!

*003*2013-07-01 03:53

Thanks guys! I'm glad you liked it ^_^

