The Date

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2015-12-15 00:14

This story consists of two mirrored parts; one male focused, and one female focused. I’d suggest reading both starting with this story and then the other half at https://omorashi.org/topic/29067-the-date/

You can read either on its own though if you only like to read stories about one gender.

I think most people have wet their pants.

If they were lucky then it won’t have be too embarrassing. Maybe they laughed too hard but it wasn’t enough to show on their clothes. Maybe they were alone after they miscalculated the length of a trip and couldn’t open their front door quickly enough. But then there is my story.

His name was Will and he was gorgeous. Six feet tall, a snappy dresser, and a great laugh. It was our third date, we’d gone to a show in the city and then for a fancy dinner. Fancier than I’d usually go to. We’d both dressed up. He wore black, pants, shirt, shoes, even tie. I wore my best black dress. We looked like we were going to a funeral but he made a joke out it and it was all great. The date went pretty well. I liked him, a lot. I’m pretty sure he liked me. But then I made a stupid mistake and messed everything up.

I knew I needed to pee before we left the restaurant. But I didn’t really want him to know that I use the bathroom. Obviously I do, but I didn’t want to bring it up. I was hoping that he’d go pee before we left and I could slip in real quick while he went. But of course he didn’t. Men always seem to have stronger bladders. It was only a 30 minute drive back to my place. So I decided to just hold it. Which was a really, really bad idea.

I could easily have waited 30 minutes. It wouldn’t have been a problem. But since I’m telling this story I’m sure you’ve guessed about the traffic jam. It was one of those traffic jams where you inch forward slowly every ten seconds for miles and miles. The worst kind.

I actually wouldn’t have minded being in a traffic jam with Will if I’d had an empty bladder but with each passing minute I was getting more and more uncomfortable and feeling more and more trapped. Because I was trapped. I had absolutely no options except to cross my legs and hold on.

After a while our conversation died down completely. I just had to pee too badly to properly respond to him. At this point all I wanted was to get out of this situation without letting myself down in front of my date.

I tried everything I could think of, I even held myself a little beneath my handbag, which didn’t help much. Eventually I settled on staring out the window and trying to think of anything other than how badly I needed the toilet.

It wasn’t really working, though I did stay dry until he asked me to grab him the water bottle near my feet. It was ironic. I was quite literally on the brink of peeing myself and he wanted a drink! As I bent forward to pick up the water bottle I started dribbling. I knew it had to happen soon but it was still a huge surprise. I clenched all of my muscles and managed to stop leaking as I passed him the water bottle without looking at him. I was too embarrassed. It was all just too embarrassing for me. Seriously, what could be more embarrassing than peeing yourself a little in your date’s car?

Peeing yourself completely in your date’s car.

Which is what I did next. The car behind us beeped its horn at us. I guess Will hadn’t been riding the bumper of the car in front close enough for their liking. It startled me. And it startled my bladder. I probably could have stopped peeing again. Maybe anyway. I’ll admit it, I didn’t even try. It just felt too ridiculously good to let go and at this point an accident was completely inevitable. Probably I’d already leaked through to the back of my dress and the car seat anyway.

So I peed. I peed in my clothes. All over Will’s car.

And do you know what I said to him? Nothing. I didn’t say anything. I just looked out the window and let him drive me home. It actually wasn’t that much longer. Another 15 minutes and I’d have made it home dry. Maybe I’d have ended up marrying Will instead of never speaking to him again.

I know I should have confessed. To have at least offered to pay to get the seat cleaned. But that would have taken more courage than I have. Can you really say you would have told a man you'd been on three dates with that you’ld just wet your pants?

So I just mumbled a thanks for the evening and ran inside. He never called me again. I don’t think I’d have answered if he did. It would have just been far too awkward.

