Elevator Emergency

Author: writtingnow21

*000*2022-11-07 19:08

Elevator Emergency

Miranda’s day had started off with no indication that it would take the turn it did. She showered, combed her long, red hair, and got dressed. Today she wore a green t-shirt and a pair of khaki shorts that fit her shapely figure nicely. She had been in a hurry because her alarm had not gone off this morning so she didn’t have time to use the toilet before grabbing her large water bottle and her belongings.

On her way to campus she heard an email notification that she decided to check when she got to campus. Her morning coffee started to hit her bladder about halfway there, but she didn’t think too much about it, figuring she’d go when she arrived.

Arriving on campus, Miranda grabbed her book bag and as she got out of her car, she checked her phone and saw the email from the university saying “Due to maintenance on the university plumbing, some facilities may be unavailable for the day, we apologize for any inconveniences caused by this”. She sighed, squeezing her thighs together. Her urge to pee had grown slightly, but wasn’t much of a worry. She hurried to her first class. As she did she passed by a bathroom that had a sign “out of order please do not use”.

While in class, she was so busy taking notes she forgot about her bladder. She drank half of her water during the class. When the professor dismissed the class she stood up and then felt a small twinge. She was starting to really need to pee. Squeezing her legs together briefly, she hurried to her next class. As she did, she saw the restroom again, she was tempted briefly to ignore the sign and go in but decided against it. As she was writing in her next class, she finished her water. By the end of the class, she was unable to fully ignore her bladder, and had been sitting with her legs crossed as her need to go increased.

Her next class was across campus and as she made her way to it, she found a working fountain to refill her water bottle. As she filled her water, she squeezed her thighs together. “Fuck” she whispered under her breath, “I have to pee”. As continued to her last class of the day, she passed by another restroom and saw a girl frantically trying to get into it, while openly holding herself. Glad she didn’t have to pee quite so badly she carried on, pulling up on her shorts to help her hold it.

Her last class ticked by very slowly. Her urge was increasing rapidly, but not thinking she would take an occasional drink from her bottle. As much as Miranda tried to focus, her rapidly filling bladder caused her difficulty. She had her legs crossed tightly as she shifted in her seat, one hand between her legs. She looked around the room, to see if anyone would notice her holding herself and noticed several classmates apparently struggling with their own bladders. Her eyes locked on one person in particular, sitting towards the back of the room was the girl she’d seen trying to get into the restroom.

The girl had clearly not found her way into the toilet based on her face, the way she bounced in her seat, and her hands jammed between her legs. The desks being arranged in a semi-circle for the seminar gave Miranda a clear view of her desperate classmate. Miranda felt her bladder twinge sympathetically as she looked away. 5 minutes before the class was over, Miranda was squirming in her seat, holding her crotch as she looked at the clock, mentally willing the professor to end the class so she could try to find an open restroom. Suddenly, her thoughts were interrupted by a gasp and an “oh no!”

She looked over and saw the girl open her legs and yelp before clenching them together, but not before Miranda saw a wet spot spread on her panties beneath her skirt. Just on cue, the professor dismissed them and Miranda watched as the poor girl dashed out of the room, grabbing her crotch, whimpering as she left a trail of small, yellow puddles on the floor behind her. Miranda groaned and grabbed her crotch as she imagined what the girl was feeling. As she left the classroom she saw the puddles in the hallway larger than in the classroom. As she headed to her car she saw the girl outside the restroom door. The poor girl was trying so hard to get in as pee streamed down her legs.

Miranda felt a wave of desperation, causing her to cross her legs where she stood. Miranda decided the best course of action was to head to her apartment. So she hurried to the car as fast as she could, doing her best to hide her desperation. She saw a couple large wet spots on the concrete of the parking lot, knowing that some decided to relieve themselves outside because it hadn’t rained in weeks.

She got into her car, and grabbed her crotch, groaning, she said aloud “I have to piss so fucking bad”. She strapped into her seatbelt, grunting as it pressed into her now-bulging bladder. She pulled out of the lot, glad that she didn’t live far.

Her glee was short lived when she saw the bumper to bumper traffic crawling slowly ahead of her.

“Damnit!” She said, one hand on the wheel, the other between her legs, rubbing her pulsating urethra as she wiggled desperately in the seat. Her bladder throbbed as she moved at a snail’s pace with traffic. She was hit with a small wave of urgency that made her bend forward and groan. Thirty minutes passed before traffic began to move at a steady pace.

“Finally!” She breathed.

When Miranda finally pulled into her spot in her apartment’s parking are, she didn’t bother grabbing anything except her phone and half full water bottle. She hurried into the lobby and got into the elevator, pushing the button for floor 10. Before the door could close, someone stepped in with her. It was her neighbor, another university student whom she had enjoyed several chats with before. Oh no, I don’t want him to know how badly I have to pee, this is embarrassing she thought to herself. Doing her best to look natural, she smiled at the attractive, brown haired, man.

“Hey” he greeted, with a smile that made her giddy “heading up?” She pressed her thighs together subtly and nodded.

“Yep, how’re you?” She said, hoping small talk might help to hide her desperation.

“Can’t complain, ready to get to my apartment, it’s been a long day.”

“Yeah… me too.” The doors closed and the elevator made it’s way up. She looked straight ahead, watching the red LED numbers began to tick up to her floor, and relief. A pang from her bladder caused her to shift her stance. She looked down and saw that her bladder was bulging to the point that her shorts were squeezing it. She glanced at the man standing next to her, I hope he doesn’t see how badly I need to go.

Just as the thought crossed her mind, a loud clanging sound came from above and the elevator shrieked to a dramatic halt.

“What the hell?” He exclaimed, trying various buttons to no avail, including the emergency call one. “Fuck, do you know the number to call for this?” He asked Miranda, who was cursing the situation mentally.

“No, I don’t, how long do you think before we get out of here?” She asked, hoping her desperation didn’t show in her voice. She felt her hand go to her bladder but stopped it, refusing to show her desperation.

“Well, I hope it’s soon, That freaking plumbing issue on campus meant I had to hold it all day!” Miranda nodded her head.

She tried to look casual as she crossed her legs, trying to look casual.

“I kinda need it too tbh” a good while passed with no change other than her stance and how badly she needed to pee. After about thirty minutes, she looked over and saw he was grabbing himself through his jeans, gritting his teeth, sweat dripping down his face. Looking at her, he remarked “I’m sorry, I have to piss so badly right now, I…feel like I’m going to lose it any moment” his words caused her own bladder to protest, causing her to to tighten her thighs. He clearly was desperate. Suddenly he cursed and a short hissing sound reached her ears. He grabbed himself with both hands and bent double.

“ I, I’m starting, to” she knew what happened but had an idea. She briefly forgot her desperation as she took her water bottle, not sure what else to do with the remaining water, she chugged it then handed the empty bottle to him saying. “Here, use this.” He reached a shaky hand out but paused, desperately he asked

“You sure?” She nodded, and he quickly took it, thanking her as he hurriedly unzipped his pants. She turned away before he took out his cock. A moment later, she heard him sigh and suddenly a loud hissing of liquid rapidly hitting the metal interior of her bottle. A wave of desperation struck again at the sound of him relieving himself. Grabbing her crotch with both legs, she thought of the accident she saw earlier, and the mental image caused her to gasp as she felt two small spurts leak into her panties. She clenched her thighs together, bent forward, knees bent, one hand at her crotch. The sound changed as the pee filling her both it more pee.

She could smell the urine. She glanced to him and saw him, eyes closed in rapture, then her gaze drifted downward and she saw his cock, piss gushing from the tip, into her bottle. She was now both desperate and slightly aroused. She heard the stream slow down and turned away. After a minute, she heard him sigh, followed by the sound of his zipper. She looked over, her crotch pulsing in desperation. He handed her the bottle, saying “I’m sorry, it can’t hold anymore in it, thank you so much.” He’d screwed the top back on. She took it and felt the urine slosh inside it, thinking of the urine she was holding. She set it down and groaned, now holding it openly.

“I guess I don’t have to be embarrassed but I am bursting still! Ha” she felt the rest of the water she drank catch up to her bladder, now bulging to the point her khaki shorts were riding up. She groaned and crossed her legs, bouncing in place, and wiggling her hips desperately.

“I’m sorry…i just had to go so bad that I was about to piss myself completely!” She groaned at the last three words.

“It’s fine, can’t really go into a bottle anyway because we’ll, she gestured to her crotch, before grabbing it again. He nodded and blushed. She noticed he was watching her and she blushed and looked back to the elevator door. She felt another wave of desperation and yelped. A large spurt of urine shot into her panties, followed by another. A wet spot blossomed on the crotch of her shorts, she bent double, trembling as she regained control. The wave subsided a bit as she glanced back at him. She couldn’t help but glance to his crotch and noticed that he had a bulge. Was he, aroused. She didn’t think long before her urge intensified and she yelped. The squatted down, grabbing herself as tight as possible as another huge spurt jetted out of her urethra, causing the wet spot on her crotch grew.

“Fuuuuuck” she was red in the face, sweating and trembling from the effort, as she looked to him, “I really don’t know how much longer I can hold it” her eyes were watering with embarrassment and desperation. He looked around and pounded on the elevator door yelling “HEY WE’RE STUCK IN HERE! Help!” But nothing happened. Miranda yelped as several large spurts of pee escaped. The wet patch grew, and spread across her butt, some pee going through her shorts. She regained control, her legs trembling, deciding then not to wait anymore she stood up, bladder screaming for relief. 

“Turn around, I’m going to pee on the floor.” He turned, and she squeezed her legs together tightly as she frantically undid her belt. She undid her buttons and had to pause to grab her crotch, she felt a pee leak through her shorts into her hand, the patch grew again. She tugged her zipper, ready to let go right away, but the zipper wouldn’t budge. “Noooo” she said loudly, her voice shaking from desperation. “It’s stuck!” She tried to force the shorts down but Miranda’s large hips prevented that. Her legs trembled as she grabbed her crotch, her bladder spasming against her. The man turned and saw her.

“Here, let me try!” She nodded, moving her hands as he tried to get her zipper down, to no avail. Her bladder convulsed again and she felt another gush escape. She felt her control failing as leaks escaped.

Suddenly the elevator dinged. The doors opened and she hurried out, grabbing her crotch and hobbling as fast as she could while holding. She got to her apartment, then realized her keys were in her car. “No no no” she leaked again, and felt a couple drops trickle down her legs. She felt a hand on her shoulder, her neighbor spoke softly. “Come, you can use my bathroom, i have pliers for your zipper” she whimpered and let him guide her to his place. She was so focused on not losing control that she couldn’t enjoy his touch. They got to his door, and he opened it, closing the door behind them, he said “hold on, I’m going get the pliers, I’ll be right back.” 

She nodded, crossing her legs as tightly as she could, both hands once again grabbing her crotch. She felt the large wet patch. Looking at her shorts. The she saw that the urine darkened a football sized potion of the front of her shorts. Suddenly her bladder convulsed again and a large amount of pee shot out, she cried out as it streamed down her legs, wetting her socks and some streamed through the fabric, onto the floor. On cue, her neighbor returned, pliers in hand. She managed to stop peeing herself and he led her to the restroom, the sight of the toilet, so close yet not immediately available, made her groan as her bladder throbbed. She moved her hands as he latched the pliers on to her zipper. She used all her strength to keep holding without her hands. He tugged a few times. As he tugged, Miranda gasped, tears streaming from her eyes. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry” she whined.

“Don’t worry, hold still” she’d been squirming desperately. He rest a hand on her thigh, and with a large tug, the zipper finally gave way, but the force caused her to topple forward, and they both ended up on the bathroom floor. She was on top of him, face to face and she felt how hard he was, his Erection poking her. She quickly stood up, running to the toilet. She was leaking back to back as pee streamed through her shorts, the wet patch growing on her shorts, spreading across her butt and front from her crotch. She hadn’t completely lost it yet. She got to the toilet but of all things. Her shirt had tangled into her belt loop.

In her rush that morning, she hadn’t noticed. Her shorts would not go down. Crying, she frantically tried to untangle her shirt with one hand, her other grabbing her damp crotch as leak after leak kept coming. Her legs trembled as she turned, her efforts to hold only slowing the leaks. He rushed over to help, tugging her shirt up. She let him, grabbing herself again. She kept desperately wiggling as spurts of pee hissed out of her. Then, she lost control. The pee gushed forcefully out of her, splattering onto the floor. Her bladder convulsed. Pee streamed through her shorts and down her legs, gushing out of her with a powerful hissing sound. She tried to regain control but to no avail as the pee gushed through her fingers.

He watched as his beautiful neighbor lost control of her bladder, unsure what to do, he turned her around so she was over the toilet. Pee hissed out of her as she tried desperately to stop it. She was crying as she fought her bladder, and apologized through her tears. “Hey, just let it out, it’s ok.”

Miranda looked at him, eyes watery and desperate as she managed to somehow regain control. “I..am good now… I think..” she started to stand up but then the largest wave of desperation yet hit her and she yelped.

He was surprised at how strong the stream was. It burst out of her as she sank down to sitting fully clothed on the toilet.

Miranda gave up trying to stop it. The stream gushed forcefully through her shorts, hitting the floor in front of the toilet as she sighed shakily. The relief felt amazing. She felt the warm wet patch spreading and going up her shirt. The sensation of pee flowing out of her felt almost orgasmic.

He watched as she peed all over herself and his bathroom. The way the patch spread over her crotch as pee cascaded out of her, no longer hitting the floor but still hitting the toilet with such a loud hiss, drove him wild. He could see her blue laced panties where she had her shorts undone.

Miranda has never peed so much before. As her bladder emptied all over, she sighed in embarrassment and relief. She couldn’t believe she was wetting herself right in front of her neighbor in her neighbors bathroom.

Finally the stream started to slow down, and Miranda began to sob as she looked at her soaked clothes. She looked up as the last of the urine trickled out of her urethra. Her neighbor had a weird look on his face. “I am so sorry about this, I, I can clean this up if you wa-” she trailed off, seeing a longing in his eyes. Her pussy throbbed, as she managed to untangle her shirt. His erection became much more obvious as he undid his jeans. Miranda stood up, letting her pee-soaked shorts fall to the floor, kicking her socks and shoes off before stepping out of them. He dropped his pants and before she could think, their lips were locked together, and she was grinding against him. He could feel her wet panties as she rubbed against his shaft through his underwear. He pulled away and said, “let’s get you out of those wet clothes, you can wash them here and have them clean by tomorrow”.

