Pokemon: A Yellow Encounter

Author: wheatley

*000*2015-11-17 02:33

This story plays the role from two new characters, but still in the pokemon style society I used in my last pokemon story. I don't really know what else to say except enjoy.

###

Ah, a beautiful day in the forest. Travelers can have a perfect time doing missions and exploring the areas. Unless you're me.

Hi, my name's Annie. I'm a Gardevoir and female explorer from the peaceful and not so industrial city of the Rustlands. I wear a yellow top and a white miniskirt that only covers my panties. I'm with my closest friend Tyler. He's a quilava wearing a black T shirt and a pair of sunglasses above his eyes. Anyways we got lost here in the forest and we're walking for 6 hours.

Tyler: ugh! Are we almost out!? My feet are killing me!

Annie: oh, don't be such a wuss. I'm still doing fine.

Tyler: Easy for you to say, you can float!

Annie: well I guess we can make camp here. It IS getting dark.

We stopped and set up camp. We both drank everything in our canteens which were about 5 gallons of water each, and I really needed to pee.

Annie: Hey Tyler, I need to go take care of something. Mind staying here by yourself for a bit?

Tyler: go ahead, i'll wait here.

(Tyler's POV)

Annie went out to take care of something. I didn't really know what but I didn't question. When she left I dug through my bag and got out a cookie I packed for the trip. I felt sting in my bladder, but I decided not to let it distract me.

???: alright, GET HIM!

What happened then was blurry to me. I just remember about to biting into my cookie when some guys came behind and ambushed me.

Tyler: what the- MMPHMPHMMMPH!

After a few seconds I fell unconscious. While I was fading from reality I heard the guy say something.

???: night night. we'll need you for our project.

(Annie's POV)

I went into the forest behind a tree to make sure I had my pirvacy and was about to pull down my skirt and anties when I heard someone creep up behind me.

Annie: oh you gotta be kidding me.

After that I was hit by a baseball bat an fell unconscious. When I woke up I was in a cage from a small spot in a wall and bars made from trees.

Annie: ugh... ow, my head. Where am I anyways?

I saw Tyler lying on a bed, sleeping quite a bit.

Annie: Tyler, wake up!

Tyler: *still snoozing* alright, just give me, like, 5 more hours.

Annie: dammit Tyler, why do I aways have to do this.

I pulled him up and slapped him. When he was awake he had no idea where we were either. I also remembered I never got the chance to relieve myself. Then two guys, I could identify to be bellsprouts holding weapons and wearing military armor came up to the cell and greeted us.

Guard 1: Well well well, look who decided to wake up. Well then, enjoy your stay, your gonna be here a while.

They explained that they used our energy to create some doomsday machine to take ove the world, or something like that. I couldn't use my telekinetic power and Tyler couldn't get a large enough flame to burn the cage down. We were trapped.

Guard's transmitter: unauthorized pokemon detected in the base.

The guards ran off at the signal but without giving us a warning.

Guard 2: you two better be there when we get back.

(Tyler's POV)

While they were fighting whoever was there, I tried to get us out of the cage. Sadly, there wasn't much of anything we could use.

Annie: What are we supposed to do when we need a bathroom!? we can't stay in here forever!

Tyler: yeah, i'm kind of having the same problem here.

Annie was keeping her legs close together, squirming a lot and raising her skirt up to put a hand between her legs. I just kept a hand at my crotch trying to get a flame started. After about 10 minutes I was out of breath and REALLY started to feel the pressure. I could tell Annie couldn't take much more either.

Annie: I- I don't think I can take much more...

Tyler: well, we're not getting anywhere near anything to get out of here. You don't really have a lot of options.

Annie was extremely desperate, and I could tell she didn't want to urinate wih me here. She went for another 5 minutes trying very hard to keep it in, but it ended in a few leaks, then she dropped to her knes and wet herself completely.

Annie: No...

She went on for about 2 minutes and then stopped. Sobbing right there, I tried to cheer her up, as the role of a friend.

Tyler: Hey, it's alright Annie. This happens to pretty much everyone.

Annie: Well it doesn't happen in front of your closest friend! You never wet yourself!

Tyler: actually... *exhale*

As a friend to Annie, I stood there, leaning against a bar, hand to my crotch, wetting myself. Willingly. It was pretty much worth it, not just for Annie, but I honestly was about to lose it. I went for a minute and thirty seconds until it stopped.

Annie: Tyler, why did you-

Tyler: it was for you, Annie. It was worth it, besides I don't wear pants.

Annie: oh yeah, because of the, right.

I dried up and Annie changed into her spare clothing, then we saw an explosion from the hall and a green man flying into the room. One I know all too well.

Snivy: *gunshots* Why do you even have this artillery!? This is stupid!

Tyler: Hey Snivy! How's it going?

Snivy: oh hey Tyler! what are you doing in here? And what happened in there?

Annie: just get us out of here, it's a long story.

After he got us out we told him everything.

THE END

*002*2015-11-17 23:38

{{: 

That was very good

}}

I appreciate the support, but do you say this to every story you read?

