Accident Report

Author: Weasel

*000*2018-09-12 03:03

“Hey everybody! It’s Alexis here with your KGTP traffic and accident report! It’s rough out on the roads today, with bumper-to-bumper traffic for miles and miles. Lots of accidents as a result! Here are some of the major issues out there this evening.

“Our number-one issue tonight is a major hold-up at the I-5/I-405 interchange that’s causing lots of holding and triggered a few accidents. We have confirmed reports of at least one wet-denim situation northbound at mile marker 5, and another developing a little further back. There are reports of a few temporarily-abandoned vehicles and a lot of activity in the roadside bushes. We’re also getting reports coming in just now of a multiple-urethral accident involving four sets of yoga pants; apparently kombucha can go right through you and it turns out those mats aren’t very absorbent. They’re gonna have to lay down the sawdust for that one!

“There are a few other accidents or developing situations around the area tonight! Several miles of finger-to-bladder traffic on southbound I-5 between Broadway and the bridge has led to a tennis-skirt wetting at Cyrus Place and soaked cutoff jeans at Melvin. Our eye in the sky, Hawkeye Waterson in the KGTP chopper, is here to report on the latest.”

“Thanks, Alexis! Looks like that slowdown you mentioned has had some major repercussions for what appears to be an entire university dance team. From our vantage point it looks like a major pile-up, with quite a few wet uniforms and a line at a gas station bathroom that’s out the front door. The puddles are clearly visible from our chopper and going by the number of crossed legs and clutched crotches in that line, the puddles only going to get bigger; those skimpy uniforms don’t appear to be soaking up much and the pee is going straight through. I strongly suggest you either avoid the area if you’re prone to accidents yourself—or come on down and bring a camera to really enjoy the show. This is Hawkeye Waterson for KGTP. Back to you, Alexis.”

“Thank you, Hawk. One last trouble spot at 99 and Fremont has led to some fidgeting, biting lips, and now two pairs of totally soaked dress slacks. There are somewhat confused reports coming in from the latter suggesting the second pair might be a genuine sympathy wetting, but at the moment it’s unclear if it was due to true solidarity, or if, like so many commuters this evening, she just couldn’t hold it any more.

“That’s all for the top-of-the-hour accident report—and not a moment too soon, as I’m pretty much pissing myself. We’ll be back for more updates when (or if) I make it through the line. This is Alexis for KGTP; stay tuned!”

*003*2018-09-14 03:48

The idea came to me in traffic, naturally. Then I thought of the parallels between traffic accidents and our own omo accidents, and I was off and running.

I had a thought that this could be a frame story for a collaboration, with different writers here doing the different accidents/desperation scenarios in their different styles, but this story doesn't seem to have caught people's interest enough for that.

*010*2018-09-16 01:39

Whoa! All right then, I spoke too soon! Thanks for all the kind words, folks, and the willingness to collaborate!

Let's do this, folks.

@Alex Oxford

, @Ghostblade913

, @WaityKaty

: Which of these scenarios do you feel like tackling? (Anyone else is free to jump in too, of course!)

### the four women in yoga pants

### the university dance team

### the woman in wet slacks and her potentially-sympathetic friend

### the "frame story" of Alexis in the radio booth

### something else inspired by this?

(The tennis-skirt wetting at "Cyrus Place" and the wet cutoff jeans at "Melvin" are references to Nancy Friday's Men in Love, so after a fashion those stories already exist.)

*012*2018-09-16 05:18

Okay! Sympathy wetting/peeing was always interesting to me. All I ask is that you leave it a little uncertain as to why she wets. Maybe write it from the other woman's POV or something. But it's up to you now, I won't meddle. Enjoy!

{{10 hours ago, Weasel said:

- the four women in yoga pants

- the university dance team

- the woman in wet slacks and her potentially-sympathetic friend: Ghostblade913

- the "frame story" of Alexis in the radio booth

- something else inspired by this?

}}

*017*2018-09-18 01:04

{{On 9/15/2018 at 10:51 PM, The Dark Wolf said:

I'd like to hear more about the soaked cutoff jeans, which I assume means jean shorts

}}

I believe you're correct, but I'm not in a position to confirm or elaborate. Nancy Friday, Men in Love, "Watersports" chapter, "Melvin's" story.

And very nicely done, Katy!

*021*2018-09-25 20:36

{{On 9/17/2018 at 7:21 PM, Ghostblade913 said:

Crap I forgot to follow this so I’ve been in the dark on what was happening looks like I didn’t miss too much though so that’s a plus

}}

Feel free to pick one of the situations we haven't done yet!

Sorry for not being around more to coordinate; I was gone all weekend and I've been a bit sick.

