Jenny Series: Jenny to the rescue

Author: Wet19

*000*2018-10-12 01:28

Jenny was sitting at the dining table working on homework. She could feel her bladder filling up, but was debating on if she wanted to pee her jeans or pretend to be a responsible adult and use the toilet so she wouldn't have to change before going to class in an hour. Suddenly her phone began to vibrate. It was Megan! Jenny picked up:

"Hello?"

"Hey Jenny, sorry to bug you, are you busy?" Megan asked.

"Just finishing up some homework, what's up?"

"I just got a call from Katy's school. She peed herself at recess. Any chance you could take her some dry pants? I can't break away right now and they school wouldn't let her just go back to class with wet jeans."

"Sure babe, I'll take her some pants." Jenny said with a small smile.

"Thanks, you're the best! Gotta run, meeting. I love you, see you tonight!" Megan said with relieved sincerity.

"No problem, I love you too!" Jenny replied. She hung up, took a moment to finish the problem she was on, then she went to Katy's bedroom. The carpet was stained with faint spots where Katy had failed to follow one of Megan's rules: always clean up after yourself. Or perhaps she had cleaned up halfway, using just a towel to soak up the majority but foregoing the carpet shampooer. Jenny opened a drawer on Katy's dresser and hunted through for black leggings. She took them and headed for the master bedroom, the room she now shared with Megan since they had become lovers several months ago. Some of her stuff was still in the "guest" bedroom, but it was slowly migrating to Megan's. Jenny found a pair of her own black yoga pants and changed into them, tossing her jeans back onto the 'clean' shelf since they hadn't been peed in yet. Then she headed for the garage.

She drove down the street to Katy's school to deliver the fourth grader clean pants. She pulled into the parking lot and found a space further away from the entrance, but concealed behind a large van and deserted of people. She got out and looked around nervously. She felt herself trembling. She had to focus on breathing to make herself relax. Finally, after nearly a minute, warm urine began to slowly fill her panties and trickle down her legs. She exhaled sharply due to the pleasure of the warm liquid on her crotch. She suddenly became incredibly turned on by the very public and potentially embarrassing act she was now committing. She relaxed some more, her flow increased. Her panties flooded and she felt pee creep sideways across the front of her yoga pants and her butt. The trickles down her legs were now beautiful, shimmering streams soaking almost half of each pant leg.

She exhaled sharply again and felt her clit begin to throb. She unintentionally squeezed her bladder hard and powerful hiss emanated from her crotch as warm wetness pressed its way in all directions outward from he crotch. Her knees started to feel weak as her bladder neared empty. The streams slowed back to trickles for a few fleeting seconds, then withered to nothing more than slowly cooling fabric gently clinging to her skin. She felt a wave of embarrassment and suddenly became paranoid that someone may have seen her. She glanced around in all directions. Not soul to be seen. Every naughty impulse in her body wanted her to get back in her car and jam her hands down her pants, but she stared and Katy's pants in her hand and remember that she had a job to do. She stood for a moment waiting for the shine to go away and the wetness to become invisible.

When she was confident nobody would know she had just soaked her pants with pee, she shut her car door and started off across the parking lot toward the school office. The wetness felt nice and cool as she strode past the parked cars. As she neared the front office, embarrassment creeped forward in her mind and her steps gradually become smaller and smaller. She stopped at the edge of the parking lot and stared at the doors ahead of her. She was trembling. She took a deep breath, then another and snuck a glance down at her legs. The wetness was still invisible. Now reassured, she forced one foot in front of the other and approached the doors. As she stepped into the foyer, her pee soaked sock made a slight squeak in her wet shoe. Her eyes widened and her cheeks flushed for a moment, but she adjusted her steps so her shoe no longer squeaked. Around the corner, she approached the large service window for the main office. The lady behind the counter stood up and addressed Jenny:

"Hello, can I help you?"

"Hi..." Jenny's mind went blank and she suddenly was intensely aware of just how wet her pants were, feeling it all the way from her upper crotch down to her ankles and the wet socks in her shoes. She squeezed the pair of pants she was holding in her hand and was suddenly reminded of purpose of her visit.

"...uh...I'm Jenny, I'm here for Katy." she said with a slight stutter.

"Oh yes, Megan said you were coming. Come on in through that door there, Katy is in the nurse's room back here." The office administrator pointed to a door just to Jenny's left.

"Thanks!" Jenny replied as she moved toward the door. Inside the office, she was in full view of all of the administrators and secretaries working at their desks. She felt a lump in her chest and her breath stuttered.

"This room here." The administrator approached the second door along the nearby wall and knocked. "Katy, Jenny is here" she said.

"Come in." Katy's voice was muffled through the door. The administrator smiled at Jenny and then went back to her desk. Jenny opened the door and stepped into the room, closing the door behind her. The room looked like a small room from a doctor's office: there was an examination table against the wall, cabinets, a sink operated by foot pedals, and two chairs. Katy was sitting on the examination table, her jeans were damp from her crotch to her ankles. She had a somber look on her face knowing she was in trouble.

"Katy, you know your mom has that rule that you can only wet you pants at home." Jenny spoke softly so no one on the other side of the door could hear her, "So you have to hide it better when you do it elsewhere." Katy perked up slightly and her expression changed to one of inquisition. Jenny continued "I peed my pants a few minutes ago in the parking lot, can you tell?"

Katy looked at Jenny's pants. If she really tried to look closely, she could see the wetness, but at a passing glance or even a casual stare, it was entirely unnoticeable. Katy looked up at Jenny's face and shook her head somewhat slowly. Jenny handed her the black leggings and whispered "invisible."

"Thanks Jenny!" Katy whispered back with a smile. She stood up, kicked her sandals off her feet and changed her pants. Jenny took her wet jeans and they exited the room.

"Ready to go back to class?" The office administrator asked.

"Yep!" Katy said.

"Alright, enjoy the rest of the day. Thanks for coming by Jenny."

They left the office and parted ways, Katy down the hall back to her class and Jenny out the front doors. Jenny felt a huge rush of relief knowing that she had just done something super naughty and didn't get caught. She deliberately rubbed her legs together as she walked back to her car to feel the wet fabric. She felt a great sense of accomplishment and was a bit turned on again when she saw the surprisingly large puddle of pee on the ground next to her driver side door. Unfortunately, she didn't have time to revel in her lustrous glory, she had to go straight to class on the other side of town. She got into her car and took a moment to debate. She always kept extra pants, panties and an absorbent pad (similar to a miniature mattress protector) in her trunk. She felt her pants and touched her crotch with her hands, after a moment of pleasure, she decided her pants were dry enough (and it was invisible anyway) that she would just go to class without changing.

*003*2018-10-12 23:27

Thanks guys. I was going to edit it to fix the grammar mistakes but it looks like you can't edit your posts after a certain amount of time, is that right?

