No matter what (a lesbian love story)

Author: Wolf-93

*000*2012-02-01 10:37

No matter what (a lesbian love story)

No matter what is a lesbian love story about a troubled teenager and an adult. Sam is the adult, being 32 years of age. The troubled teenager is called Abigail (but gets called Abby by her girlfriend) and is 19 years old. Their love isn’t really accepted by others because of the differences between them, especially their ages. This is not only a love story, because of course omorashi is involved. You can also count on some urolagnia (as you could’ve read in the intro) and there may be some sex during the upcoming parts.

Abigail has the bad habit to wait too long before she admits to herself she needs to use the bathroom. Every time she has to pee, she waits until the very last minute. Sometimes this goes wrong. Mostly it goes unnoticed by Sam, her girlfriend. She wants to keep it that way, because she doesn’t want Sam to think she is an ignorant teenager. The first time Abigail fully wet herself was after having a fight in a club, called club 89. Sam peed herself as well, just to comfort Abigail. This works both ways, sadly enough, because Abigail feels guilty. This is only the beginning of course. You’ll find out how things will develop in ‘No matter what’.

Part 1

The sun was already shining on me when I woke up. A bit sore I turned around to see my girlfriend Sam curled up next to me. Carefully I touched her hair and kissed her cheek. For a moment I just watched how she slept. It was then I felt why I had woken up in the first place. Quickly I pushed away the sheets and climbed out of bed. A bit dizzy I made my way to the bathroom. When I sat down on the toilet to relieve myself, I tried to remember what had happened last night. As soon as my urine hit the water of the bowl I remembered again. I had pissed my pants last night. Immediately a red blush covered my cheeks. What would Sam think of me now?

When I was done peeing I decided not to flush, surely it would wake Sam up. I already made a mess last night, the least I could do was stay silent so she could sleep peacefully. On tiptoes I walked over to the bed and got in it again. I curled up the same way Sam was laying. Actually I wanted to curl up against her, but I didn’t want her to wake up because of my cuddling. Also I felt just too ashamed really. I remembered Sam peeing her pants as well, probably just to comfort me. She humiliated herself for my sake, but I didn’t want that. I was the one who always got in trouble. I was the silly teenager, not her.

Something inside me started to crack. I felt guilty. A tear rolled down my cheek and soon several others followed. I tried to keep as silent as possible, but failed terribly. It was just all the circumstances that made me feel terrible. Crying I hid my face in my pillow, trying to stifle the sobs. Suddenly somebody curled around me and started to stroke my hair. Of course Sam had woken up to find me crying next to me. I decided to turn around. I wanted to see how she looked at me. As soon as I turned around, she kissed my cheek. I didn’t even get the chance to look at her properly, because she started talking as soon as I looked at her.

‘’Babe what’s going on? Why are you crying? Do you feel sick? How’s your eye?’’

Wait, what? My eye? What was wrong with my eye? As in a reflex I touched both of my eyes. My right one felt a bit thicker then the left one. I didn’t have a black eye, did I now? Worried I looked over at Sam. She seemed to understand that I didn’t know what happened.

‘’I don’t know what happened Abby, but you were a bit bruised when I put you in the shower last night and your eye seemed to be a bit black and blue.’’

‘’Got into a fight.’’ My voice sounded a bit hoarse. Sam nodded understanding. I guess she must’ve assumed that I had gotten into a fight.

‘’What was the fight about?’’ Curiously she looked over at me, settling herself a bit straighter in the bed, so she could look at me properly.

‘’The kid spilled his drink over himself and I was near, so he blamed me. He started yelling at me. You know I don’t like it when people yell at me.’’ Sam nodded. She knew how much I hated it when people yelled at me.

‘’So, when he kept yelling, I hit him. I hit him hard. And then it started.’’ The more I spoke, the less hoarse my voice sounded.

‘’Alright, I assume you got kicked out of the club?’’ Shyly I nodded. It wasn’t the first time I got kicked out of a club. Actually I was more than done with it. I didn’t want to live this typical life of getting in trouble, drinking too much and stuff like that. I wanted to live a normal life, be a normal person. But I wasn’t and I would never become one.

My thoughts got interrupted by Sam, who coughed heavily. Worried I looked over at her. She smiled at me.

‘’Shouldn’t have pissed myself last night, probably getting a cold now.’’ She said it with a wink, but it still hurt my feelings. She noticed it, because she took hold of me immediately after she said that.

‘’Are you upset about peeing yourself?’’ I nodded , turning my face away from her.

‘’It’s okay, want to talk about how it happened?’’

‘’That idiot who hit me. I was on the way to the loo and all…’’ Sam didn’t know I always waited until the very last moment to go pee. She didn’t have to know either. I just had to make sure it wouldn’t happen again. Sometimes I was already leaking in my boxers before I could get to a toilet, I had to stop that bad habit. My bladder would become weak if I kept doing these things. Also, if I would pee myself again ,Sam would not be too pleased. Especially not if I had to get into her car after having an accident.

‘’What about the car?’’ That random question popped into my mind when I thought of my wet pants and getting in the car afterwards.

‘’How do you mean dear?’’

‘’I remember you and I getting into your car with soaked jeans…’’

‘’Oh yeah, don’t worry about it. We will clean that up later. Let’s first get some more sleep, shall we?’’ I slowly nodded, yawned and curled up against Sam like a kitty. Sam whispered she loved me and soon after that I fell asleep.

*002*2012-02-02 08:26

Thanks a lot for your reply! I am glad you like it.

Would be great to read your story, especially if it will be about lesbian lovers. I am just addicted to that concept at the moment!

I will post the next part later today, have to make sure I didn't make too many mistakes. :)

*003*2012-02-02 09:01

Part 2

We didn’t talk about the incident at club 89 anymore. It was summer already and Sam and I had planned a holiday together. We would be going to France. There they had beautiful places with loads of nature. We both loved nature. Wandering through the woods we would get lost and find the way back again. Together we could lay on tiny, hidden beaches in the middle of a landscape, simply enjoying each other’s presence. Also we could drive there ourselves. Sam loved to drive. Going to France by car would take about seven hours. I had my driving license as well, so we could switch seats every now and then.

‘’Do you have everything packed up?’’ Sam and I were standing in our bedroom and we were both hovered over our bags. It was rather early in the morning and in a few hours we would leave to France. If we left early, it wouldn’t be too busy on the road. Also we would have enough time to arrive at our camping. We had hired a nice and big caravan, so we would have enough space. There only wasn’t a toilet nor a shower, so we had to use the once that were open for public. Not that I did mind though.

When we packed everything we needed everything was lifted in the car by Sam. In the meantime I made lunch, so we didn’t have to buy things. I prepared some sandwiches and made sure I packed enough water and healthy juices.

‘’Ready to go?’’ Sam had appeared behind me, obviously stoked to leave.

‘’Almost, just have to finish this.’’ Quickly I put the sandwiches and the drinks into a basket. Also I cleaned up the kitchen as fast as I could. Didn’t want to leave a mess when we would be away for a week.

‘’Alright, I’m done.’’

‘’Me too, have to use the loo before we leave though.’’ She winked at me before heading off to the bathroom. I decided I would have to pee before we left as well. I knew Sam well enough. The next three hours we would be on the road and before she wasn’t exhausted or needed to pee herself, we wouldn’t stop.

When Sam appeared again, I rushed to the bathroom as well. I locked the door and pulled my pants down. Immediately urine started hitting the bowl and I was glad that I made the decision to go pee before we left. If I hadn’t done so, I probably would’ve felt the need to go sooner or later. Relieved I flushed the toilet and went over to Sam, who was practically jumping right where she stood.

‘’Let’s go!’’

‘’Do you have the basket with food?’’

‘’It’s in the car already!’’ Smiling I got my keys and walked out. It was still dark but I knew that soon the sun would rise. I locked the door of the house and got in the car. When I slammed the door shut Sam drove away, on our way to France.

The first hour there wasn’t too much traffic, but soon more and more cars were entering the highway. Sam and I didn’t talk much, because Sam had to concentrate on the road. Besides I was still a bit tired. Waking up and leaving the house early in the morning wasn’t really my style. I grabbed for a bottle of water. Drinking always helped me to stay awake. Falling asleep in the first hours of our holiday together would be a bit lame, right?

‘’Can you hand me a bottle as well, please?’’ Sam had gotten out of her concentration for a moment because she was thirsty. It didn’t surprise me, because it was getting pretty warm in the car. The air-conditioning helped a bit though, luckily we had one. Quickly I turned around to get a bottle of water for Sam. I opened it before handing it over.

‘’Thanks Abby. Sorry I’m not talking that much but it’s getting a bit busy on the road as you can see.’’

‘’Yeah, I noticed. We won’t get into a traffic jam, will we?’’ I didn’t like getting stuck in traffic, even though it was great to spend extra time close to my girlfriend. Still I wasn’t too fond of the feeling of being stuck and having nowhere to go.

‘’I don’t know, let’s hope not.’’

The further we got, the busier it got on the road. Also the temperature was rising. I had put on some jeans this morning, but they were way too warm. Actually I wanted to get them out. I wondered if Sam would be okay with that. Assuming she was, I unbuttoned my jeans and lifted my butt to slip my jeans underneath them. When I did so, Sam turned a bit to look over at me.

‘’What are you doing?’’

‘’It’s terribly hot. I really can’t stand it anymore.’’

Sam smiled at me and nodded in agreement. In the meantime I undressed further, so that I was sitting in only a white Calvin Klein boxer and a t-shirt next to her. I knew she wanted to look at me, wanted to stare at me. But she couldn’t of course. The road was more important. So I started to stare at the road as well, hoping we would soon have time to cuddle. In the meantime I drank of my bottle of water and so did she. If we didn’t we would get dehydrated, but I was a bit worried about needing to use the bathroom soon. I feared we would get in a traffic jam anyway. What if I needed to use the bathroom then? There wouldn’t be anywhere to go then.

‘’We are going to stop soon Abby, I want to change into something more comfortable.’’

‘’Sure, I can imagine you aren’t too comfortable with those jeans on. And then I can put on something else as well.’’ I wanted to add that I also would like to use the loo, but I kept my mouth shut. I didn’t have to go yet anyway. But still, I knew soon I would.

*005*2012-02-03 11:27

Thank you, I am glad you like it! I will post part 3 as soon as I'm satisfied about it.

*006*2012-02-03 15:16

Part 3

The worries about needing to use the bathroom made me need to pee quite fast after starting to think about it. A small twinge in my lower abdomen was noticeable. I knew that if I kept thinking of it, my need would increase rapidly. Worried I looked out of the window to see if there wasn’t a traffic jam coming up. Also I secretly looked for places to stop. After all we had been driving for a few hours now.

When it seemed the road was clear enough to keep driving and after not being able to spot any signs of a place to stop, I gave up looking for them. By now I could state I had to pee. I looked over at Sam, who was still focused on the road. Her face was a bit red from the warmth and she was sweating a bit. It made her look adorable. Admiring Sam took away my thoughts from the need to pee.

Soon looking at Sam didn’t help anymore. My bladder was making itself known. It was a lot worse than fifteen minutes ago. How could I need to go so bad already? Worried I pressed my legs together. Soon they became all sticky because I still didn’t have any jeans on.

Again I looked over at Sam. Should I say something? Glaring at the road I saw a sign that told me that in about twenty kilometers there would be a parking lot. Releasing my legs a bit I rubbed along my inner thighs. When doing so, I felt a strong urge hit me. Quickly I grabbed for my crotch and pressed my legs together again. Luckily Sam didn’t notice, but I had to speak up now. Otherwise she would continue driving.

‘’Sam, can we stop for a moment?’’

Sam looked over at me. I wondered if she noticed that my legs were shaking a bit. The worried look on my face had to reveal a load of things as well. She always knew when there was something seriously wrong, so I would be surprised if she didn’t notice it now.

‘’Sure, I wanted to stop anyway. Want to put on some other clothes.’’

I nodded and looked at the highway again. Only a bit longer and then I could go pee. Wriggling around in my seat I tried not to think about it too much. Without any success of course. My bladder screamed for release. I really hoped they had a bathroom there.

‘’Do you need to pee Abby?’’

For a moment I kept silent, but soon after her question I nodded. Of course she had noticed what was going on. I was wriggling around like a toddler. Soon I could feel she started to drive faster. A few moments later Sam exited the highway and drove towards a place so she could park the car. In the main time I put my shoes on. As soon as the car stopped, I opened the door and hurried myself out, while holding my crotch. Worried I looked around, only to see there weren’t any public toilets available.

Panicked I looked around again. There weren’t too many people here. I felt I was about to lose it, so I decided to do what I had to do. Carefully I released my crotch, just to drop my boxers as soon as possible. After that I squatted down and right then my urine started to hit the asphalt underneath me. I sighed softly in relief, knowing it was a very close call.

When I was done peeing I lifted my boxers again, which got a bit wet because I didn’t have anything to clean myself up. Quickly I walked around the car and got some shorts out of one of the bags that lay in the backseat. Sam didn’t say anything , but got out of the car as well to put on other clothes herself.

‘’That was a close call, am I right?’’ Shyly I nodded, feeling like an idiot. But I was happy to be relieved from that major amount of pee.

‘’I know the feeling, don’t worry about it. Do you feel like driving maybe? I’m a bit tired.’’ I nodded and Sam and I switched seats. When Sam got into the car on the side where I first sat, she grinned a bit.

‘’Why so happy?’’

‘’You made a major puddle there, didn’t you?’’ I blushed a bit, but that soon was over when Sam leaned over to my side to kiss me. When our little moment was over I drove off, hoping we would be at the camping soon. I couldn’t wait to sleep against Sam.

When I entered the highway again, we immediately got into a traffic jam. It was a typical time to have traffic jams. I was glad that I just had the opportunity to relieve my bladder. While thinking about my own bladder I thought about Sam. Why didn’t she go pee actually? She had drunk a lot as well, surely she must need to pee sooner or later as well.

Sam soon fell asleep next to me. She must have been really tired. Not too surprising, because she had been concentrating on the road for several hours. Now it was my turn and surely I would be really tired in a while as well. Luckily the traffic jam was over fast and I could drive on. Sam continued sleeping.

When Sam woke up again I had been driving for about an hour, but I was getting tired already. I wasn’t like Sam and I couldn’t concentrate on the road for hours. Also it was almost lunch time and I was hungry. Checking the signs along the road I planned to make a stop in about half an hour.

‘’Hey Sam, I am going to stop at the next petrol station, is that alright?’’ Sam looked over at me with sleepy eyes.

‘’Yeah, sure. How long have I been sleeping?’’

‘’About an hour, a bit longer maybe. But it’s almost lunch time and I just need a break from driving.’’ Sam simply nodded and closed her eyes for a moment again. I didn’t know if she opened them again, because my attention was back at the road.

When we arrived at the petrol station I parked the car and got out of it to stretch my legs. The sun shined heavily. Soon Sam also got out of the car and stretched a bit while she yawned.

‘’Hey Abby, I’m going to the bathroom.’’

‘’Sure, I’m coming with you.’’ Quickly I locked the car and followed Sam. I knew she had to pee by now!

*008*2012-02-04 10:53

Thank you for replying, I appreciate it! I will update as soon as possible.

*009*2012-02-04 18:22

Part 4

Later that day we arrived at the camping. Together we unpacked some of our stuff and immediately went for a walk. After the walk we made dinner together, which was great fun to do. Cooking on a camping had its charms. When we were done eating we cleaned everything up together. It was already getting dark when we were finished doing so.

‘’Hey Abby, I feel like taking a shower. Do you feel like joining me?’’

‘’Of course, let me get some towels.’’ Smiling I got some towels from my bag and joined Sam outside. I knew where this what going and I loved it. My stomach filled with butterflies and it got only worse when we entered a shower cabin together. Sam started to undress and I helped her doing so. After that she slowly took my clothes of. We put our clothes away and after that Sam turned the tap on.

We were standing there for about five minutes when Sam started to fidget. Wondering what was going on I observed her. She looked like she suddenly realized she had to pee really badly. For one reason or another it turned me on. Why did this turn me on? While thinking about it, the tap was turned off.

‘’Abby, the running water makes me need to pee, I’ll be right back.’’

‘’Do it in here.’’ I spilled these words before I even thought of them properly.

‘’What, here? Wouldn’t you mind?’’ Shaking my head I turned the tap on again. Sam insecurely spread her legs and looked at me for approval. Soon a yellow stream came from her body, which splashed on the ground between us. Fascinated I kept looking at it until it became a trickle and then abruptly stopped. I heard Sam sigh and that was when I was able to look back at her face again.

‘’See, it all goes with the water, no big deal right?’’ I said, while hugging Sam and kissing her on her mouth. I wanted to tell her it turned me on a bit, but I didn’t dare to. What would she think of me? Maybe she would think I peed myself on purpose that time at club 89. I didn’t, I never waited too long on purpose. It just happens.

While all these thoughts were going trough my mind like a storm, Sam kissed me again. Her hands led towards my boobs and her mouth found its way towards my neck. She gave me little kisses there and I kissed her in her neck as well. Soon we were all curled up in each other, placing kisses on all possible places.

We didn’t have sex in that cabin. It was all about kissing and loving. Both Sam and I weren’t too big fans of sex. We just loved being close to each other and we believed that we didn’t need sex to be the perfect couple. I was happy she thought about it the same way as I did, because I felt a bit insecure about having sex with her.

‘’Baby, let’s dry off, shall we?’’ We had been in the shower for a while now. My eyes were partly closed from being tired. Quickly we both dried off and put our clothes on again. Together we walked the way to our caravan and we went to bed as soon as we were in. While lying there I took my clothes off. Sam did the same and after that she curled up against me.

‘’Hey Abby?’’

‘’Hmm, what is it?’’

‘’You know, I always pee in the shower.’’ Grinning I turned over and kissed her. I loved her deeply and by saying that she made me only love her more. I wondered if I should tell her I found it quite sexy. Fumbling with the bed sheet I bit my lip. Slowly I looked away from her. Maybe I shouldn’t tell her; after all I wasn’t sure about what I felt.

‘’Something you need to tell me maybe?’’ Bloody hell, she saw right trough me. I stopped toying with the bed sheets and sat up straight. Lifting an eyebrow Sam looked at me.

‘’I’ll take that as a yes.’’ She sat up as well. ‘’Spill it.’’

Blushing I looked at my feet. How should I tell her I liked to watch her pee? Was that it actually? Did it only like to see her pee? Or did I also like the idea of her needing to pee? I tried to think back of all the moments in the past. I tried to remember that night at club 89, where Sam peed herself while standing against me. I was way too drunk to get turned on by it then, but thinking back it actually did turn me on.

‘’Are you going to tell me or not?’’

I thought about it and decided quickly I shouldn’t tell her. I just had to forget what I had been thinking and make sure I wouldn’t get myself in situations again.

‘’Never mind.’’ I lay down again. Sam followed my example and curled up against me as well.

‘’Are you sure?’’ I nodded and hid my face in her shoulder. I closed my eyes and soon after that I fell asleep.

Next morning I woke up with a stabbing feeling in my bladder. Sighing I got up and quickly put on some clothes. My bladder was terribly full. When I managed to get my clothes on without dribbling I hurried towards the door. At the moment I lowered the handle, Sam woke up.

‘’Abby, where are you going?’’

‘’Toilet, I’ll be right back!’’ I threw the door open and walked outside. The sun was shining brightly and everywhere were kids playing. People were walking around everywhere, much to my displeasure. I actually wanted to pull my shorts down and wee in front of the caravan, but that wasn’t a possibility.

While trying to hide my desperate need for the toilet I hobbled towards the bathroom. When I got inside luckily there was a cabin free. Quickly I got in and locked the door. While I fumbled with the knot of my short, I felt the worst happen. A spurt of pee escaped from my body and a second one soon followed. My boxers felt really wet and I knew that if a third spurt would escape, my short would become wet as well.

Panicked I tried to undo the knot and luckily I succeeded in time. Immediately after I undid the knot I yanked my shorts down and sat down on the toilet. Right after that a waterfall of urine came flowing from my body. Relief washed over me and even when I was done peeing, I kept sitting down for a while. My legs were all unsteady. Carefully I got up from the toilet and inspected my boxers. They had a huge damn patch on the front. Shame washed over me and I had to keep myself from crying.

What would Sam say if she found out? This wasn’t the first time my boxers had become a bit more than damp. Normally Sam wouldn’t notice, but this time she maybe would. There was no way I could change my underwear in that tiny caravan without her noticing these were wet.

*010*2012-02-05 12:33

I never really mentioned it so I thought I should do so now. I really would like to receive some constructive criticism about this story. The reader's opinion means a lot to me and is one of the reason I write. English isn't my main language, but I really want to become a good writer when it comes to English stories. So, is there anyone who would like to tell me what I could do better?

One of the things I really would like to know for example: the way I describe things, does that feel 'natural' to you when you read this? Would you've said it the way I write it down?

Thanks in advance if anyone wants to tell me what they think of this.

*012*2012-02-05 19:22

I think you are right about my formal style of writing. It's something that became a bit of a habit during the time I learned to write in English. I really don't like it. Writing has to be something that goes without hesitation and when one reads it, it has to feel like it's all happening in front of you.

The way you rewrote that part of my story feels much more natural. I don't know how to describe it exactly, but it just feels better to read. I am going to practice this, maybe by writing some short stories.

Well, thanks for the feedback! I am going to work on it and I'm glad you like these series anyway!

*014*2012-02-05 19:36

That would be great!

*017*2012-02-06 07:12

{{:

I think the peeing scenes should be a bit more detailed..

}}

Thank you for your opinion. There's a reason the peeing scenes aren't detailed yet. In the next chapters they definitely will become more detailed, don't worry. The idea behind not being too detailed yet, is because Sam doesn't know about Abby's secret for now. You can guess what I've planned to write... :)

*019*2012-02-09 18:07

Part 5

‘’Abby, are you in here?’’ My heart leaped. Sam had come after me. I had been away for a while and she probably had become worried. Quickly I lifted my pants and flushed the toilet. I had a plan and I hoped it would work out. Opening the cabin I casually walked out.

‘’Oh hey Sam!’’ I tried to sound happy to see her. Smiling I walked over to her and kissed her, like we always did first thing in the morning. I made sure my pants didn’t touch hers though.

‘’Yeah, I was wondering where you were.’’

‘’Eh, I had some cramps you know…’’ My cheeks got a bit red after saying this. Now Sam thought I had been taking a major dump in here. Well anyway, anything better than her knowing I peed my pants again. Quickly I walked towards the sink and washed my hands. Meanwhile Sam went to use the toilet herself and joined me at the sink a few moments later.

‘’Let’s make some breakfast, shall we?’’

‘’Yeah, good idea.’’

Sam and I walked out of the bathroom. I made sure I stayed behind her, so I could check if the wetness wasn’t noticeable on my shorts every now and then. After a short walk we arrived at our tiny caravan again and got in. Sam started to unpack some things she needed to prepare breakfast while I went looking for a clean and dry boxer.

‘’Shall we eat outside Abby? The weather is beautiful!’’

‘’Sounds like a great idea!’’ This would be my chance. As soon as Sam walked out, I would switch my underwear and hide the wet pair until it was dry again. That way Sam wouldn’t find out about my accident.

Soon my moment was there. Sam grabbed some things together, opened the door and walked out. Quickly I lowered my shorts and kicked them out. Soon after that I took my wet boxers off and threw them on the ground. When I just had my dry pair on, Sam suddenly appeared in front of me. Frozen I looked at my wet boxers and then to her.

Busted. All these years I had been able to hide it, but today was the day she found out. I decided to tell her the truth, because otherwise she might get suspicious. Shyly I looked over at her, hoping she wouldn’t look too angry.

‘’I-I uh, need to uh, tell you something…’’

‘’Well, spill it. Although I already think I know where this is going.’’ She didn’t look angry, only a bit confused and maybe slightly disappointed. She walked towards the tiny bench in the caravan and sat down.

‘’Come, I won’t bite you.’’

Slowly I walked towards the bench with my head lowered. I sat down as far away from Sam as possible. This action was something Sam obviously didn’t really appreciate, because she immediately got closer to me and started toying with my hair. She then placed a kiss on my cheek and whispered in my ear I didn’t have to be afraid. She wrapped her arms around me then and held me like that for a while.

‘’I know you sometimes can’t hold your pee long enough, Abby. And I also know that it’s not some sort of problem with your kidneys. You just wait too long before you go pee. I never said something about it because I don’t want to act like I am your mother. I am your girlfriend.’’

I kept silent for a while after she said this. She just knew this all the time? And she never said something about it? Would she also know about my late discovery that I might like to see her pee? I wondered if I should tell her.

‘’I never knew you just knew this all the time…’’

‘’Well, I have been your girlfriend for a while now. Of course I started to notice things after a while.’’

‘’Aren’t you mad that I never told you?’’

‘’No, I am not.’’ She then started to act a bit nervous, like she wanted to add something to what she said but didn’t dare to.

‘’I eh, actually think it’s kind of cute you always wait too long…’’ Blushing she turned away from me. Surely she wasn’t ashamed of that, was she?

‘’I have to tell you something else, Sam…’’ She turned back to me, still blushing.

‘’I think I like it when you need to pee. And last night in the shower, I really liked to see you pee as well. It turns me on for some reason.’’

‘’Is that the reason you wait too long all the time?’’

‘’No, it isn’t. That is just something that happens all the time. I always put it off until I almost can’t hold it anymore.’’

‘’You know you actually shouldn’t do that because it might damage your bladder, right?’’

I fidgeted a bit. She was right of course; I acted like a toddler because I always put it off until I couldn’t hold it anymore. But by doing that I damaged my own body.

‘’You’re right. I shouldn’t wait that long anymore.’’

‘’Good you admit that. We’ll work on it, alright?’’ I nodded and wrapped my arms around her, hugging her tightly. She was perfect, just perfect. And I had this slight hope she would pee for me again sometime. I decided to drop the subject for now. We would probably talk about this again later.

*022*2012-03-05 17:25

Thank you, I'm glad you like it this much!

To be honest I haven't been writing on this one for a while. Didn't have much time for it and I'm not sure where to go from now on. I will continue this story as soon as I found out which plot would work out best.

