A Simple Piss

Author: Weasel

*000*2023-01-05 04:55

Hi, everyone. I decided to run a little experiment -- I wanted to see if I could write complete pee stories in fewer than a thousand words. And the answer came back, "Yes. Yes, I can."

These are all classic Weasel: desperation, realism, peeing with no wetting, and (I hope!) heartwarming relationships. I'm planning to post one a week for a while. Enjoy!

###

A Simple Piss #1: "Second Date"

Kennedy checked her phone for the fortieth time in twenty minutes.

Meet at your place at 2:30 tomorrow?

Fri 8:17pm

Absolutely! see you then *kissy face*

8:19pm

I’m outside!

Today 2:33pm

That kissy face emoji was the most exciting thing that had ever happened on Kennedy’s phone. But then, Mel was the most exciting person Kennedy had ever dated. Bad high school boyfriends: check. “Experiments” with college girls: check. Train wreck of a grad school relationship: check. Actual loving and supportive relationship with cute gay girl? Nope…

Until Mel. They’d gotten into the habit of going out for a drink after their improv group. They’d gotten into the habit of talking about some pretty deep shit… and some pretty silly stuff, too. And then two weeks ago Mel had said, “So you know how we’re basically dating already, only without any of the really hot parts?”

“Huh?”

“Think about it a second.”

So Kennedy had. And then, gulping, she’d asked, “Do you want the hot parts?”

“Since the minute I first laid eyes on you,” Mel replied.

A week later they’d gone out for dinner and a museum and kissed each other good night. A lot.

So four days later Kennedy had taken the bus over to Mel’s townhouse and had now been waiting outside in the serious cold. For forty minutes. While really needing to pee.

Despite working long, long hours in tech, Mel had never missed a meetup. She’d been seven minutes late once and she’d texted an apology. Twice. This complete silence was bizarre. Kennedy was getting seriously nervous that something horrible had happened.

For the last twenty minutes, however, she’d been even more nervous about getting to a toilet in time.

She’d started feeling it on the bus. How annoying, to show up for their second date and immediately ask to use the bathroom. She’d felt it all the more acutely as she’d walked from the bus stop through the cold. After ringing the doorbell, knocking two or three times, and sending the text, she’d resigned herself to asking anyway.

Now, forty minutes later, legs crossed, Kennedy was contemplating breaking in to her brand-new girlfriend’s house just to pee.

Going home was out of the question. The bus only ran once an hour. (Thanks, suburban America!) Finding any place else to go seemed a stretch as well. (Thanks again, suburbs!) Kennedy’s phone said there was a grocery store twenty minutes’ walk from Mel’s front door, and Kennedy had of course refused to do that—and now was doing the math and realizing she could have made it there and back in the time she’d spent waiting. Knock next door and ask? She’d tried—no answer.

Now Kennedy was running out of time. She needed to find somewhere to pee immediately, or she was going to piss her pants. Absolutely unacceptable. One, she’d be humiliated. Two, she was wearing her cutest panties under her nicest jeans. Three, it would probably doom the most promising relationship she’d ever begun.

Maybe she could go around to the back of the townhouse. If nothing else, it would get her off the street. She felt self-conscious, standing by Mel’s front door, tapping her foot, crossing and recrossing her legs…

She felt a spurt.

Panicking, Kennedy quickly walked around the row of townhouses to Mel’s sliding-glass back door. Each townhouse had a little patio under a balcony, with walls that extended out to the grass to give a little privacy from the neighbors.

Safely out of sight, Kennedy immediately grabbed herself and bent over. It was horrendously embarrassing, like she was a little girl again on the verge of wetting her pants. Except she was on the verge of wetting her pants.

She had to pee right here on the patio. There was nowhere else.

She hesitated for a long second anyway. If anyone came by, she’d be caught with her pants down, literally. But then she had to fight back a second spurt, and she was well and truly out of time.

Back to the patio wall, Kennedy frantically unzipped her jeans, ripped jeans and panties down to her knees, and peed. The spatter of piss on the concrete patio sounded horribly loud.

Mel’s door slid open. And there was Mel, mouth agape, in just sports bra and shorts, clearly having just come back from a run.

“Kennedy?” she said, incredulously.

“I’m sorry!” Kennedy wailed, still peeing. “I’ve been waiting for so long—almost an hour outside—I couldn’t hold it—I’m so sorry—”

“Wait, you’ve been here for almost an hour? But I thought we decided 3:30!” Mel said.

Kennedy, not daring to look at her, shook her head. “Check your texts.” And when Mel started to do exactly that, Kennedy seized the moment to squeeze off her stream and pull up her pants.

“Oh my god, I’m so sorry, Ken!” Mel said. “I was out running. You must have just missed me when I left… you’ve been waiting for that long? And you came on the bus?”

Kennedy nodded, miserably.

“Well no wonder you had to go!” Mel said. “Come on in out of the cold, sweetie.”

“You’re not mad?” Kennedy asked.

“Only at myself!” Mel said.

Kennedy flung her arms around Mel. “I was so worried! You’re never late! I thought you’d gotten hit by a car or something…”

“Ack! I haven’t showered yet!”

“Don’t care.”

“Well, in that case…” Mel turned the hug into a kiss. “You were worried about me?”

“Yeah…”

“Well, then,” Mel said. “And, um, this was more of a question I was gonna ask later, but… do you like what you see?” Gesturing to her tight-fitting sports clothes.

Kennedy smiled anxiously. “Um, yes.”

“And, well, unusual circumstances, but now I’ve seen your butt. And my god is it cute. So, um… do you still want to go out? Or would you rather just stay in and… chill?”

Kennedy kept smiling. But her anxiousness faded away.

###

I once saw a young woman knock at the door of a townhouse, and get no answer. She was still waiting outside when I left the area. That was all the inspiration I needed... that and the old joke about how lesbians bring a moving van on the second date.

*003*2023-01-06 03:43

{{15 hours ago, Flush said:

I was wondering whether this was really less than 1000 words… well, 987 (according to wordcounter.net), that’s a challenge completed! Did you have to cut parts after you finished writing?

}}

For this one, yes. Not a lot, just a couple hundred words. Mostly I just rephrased things.

{{15 hours ago, Flush said:

Again a lovely story from you, thanks for writing this for us. Amazing that you managed to do so much character building in so little words. Is it safe to say that the more stories you write, the more character building there is, and less physical description of the desperation? Or am I not correct on that point, you think. Do you like it less to write about the physical aspects of needing to pee, over time? Or is it just that you like to write about character building more?

}}

The character building does seem to take over, doesn't it? Blame Meagan and Parker, I fell in love with those kids and couldn't stop writing them for them, not for what Meagan could hold in her bladder. But for these you're absolutely right... in writing these short stories I was often five hundred words in and hadn't used the word "pee" yet.

I may need to correct this a bit in my next project.

*006*2023-01-15 02:21

{{On 1/5/2023 at 11:07 PM, Flush said:

For what my insignificant opinion is worth; I was not complaining, merely observing what I thought was a pattern in your development arc as a writer.

}}

Absolutely true -- but if I go so far down the "only character development" path that I start forgetting to put in any peeing at all, then I might as well just publish the stuff somewhere else... and besides, I like desperation! So why not actually have some...?

{{On 1/5/2023 at 11:07 PM, Flush said:

Anyway, looking forward to your next stories, and I’m excited that you have even more projects planned, apparently. 2023 is going to be good!

}}

That's the plan!

*007*2023-01-15 02:28

Okay, so I meant to post this on Monday... and my internet was out the entire week.

Luckily for y'all, I'll still post the next story on Monday, so you've only got a couple days to wait.

###

"Blueberry Fields Forever"

Kev was in ecstasy. He wandered up and down the rows of blueberry bushes—no flowers yet in April—critiquing the planting pattern, eyeing drainage, inspecting the infrastructure. He was thinking about buying the field, since he’d gotten his degree in sustainable agriculture but had never had any land of his own to farm, and they’d stopped to check it out. They were alone there.

Alli followed in his wake, delighted by his energy, impressed by his knowledge, and both excited and scared by his vision—but mostly hoping they could go soon. She needed a bathroom.

They had been dating a whole two months and had slept together twice, including last night. Kev was amazing but intimidating, because he was such a force of nature. Alli did like her men dominant, especially in the bedroom, so that was no problem. But every time she felt more in love with him, she also felt more terrified of losing him.

He turned, spread his arms wide and his grin wider, and said, “What do you think?”

She shook her head. “I don’t even know enough to have an opinion.”

“Bullshit,” he said cheerfully.

“It’s exciting. Scary, but exciting,” she admitted. She’d promised herself just last night, as she lay in his arms, that she would never lie to him.

“Not sure about it, huh?” he said.

“Well, no. But I’m sorry, I’m just a bit distracted. It’s an hour drive back to your apartment, right?”

“Yeah. Did you want to be hitting the road?”

“Maybe not all the way home, but a gas station, maybe?”

He eyed her. “We’ve got well over half a tank.”

“Well… I just need to go to the bathroom.”

“Piss or shit?”

“Um… pee,” she said.

He laughed at her. “Well, just ‘pee’ out here,” he said. “There’s no one around.”

She panicked. I’ll bet all the farm girls pee outside, and he expects me to do it, too. Just totally normal to him. But I’ve never done it! Am I going to lose him because I can’t pee in a bush?

He saw her hesitation. “Do you want me to give you some space?” he asked, more gently. “If you want me to look away I can.”

Never lie to him. She hadn’t expected her resolve would be tested so soon. And so… biologically. But… never lie to him.

“I don’t think I’ve ever peed outside before,” she confessed. “Is that disappointing?”

“Why would that be disappointing?”

“Because I’m such a sheltered city girl.”

“I know you’re a city girl,” he said. “No shame in that. I grew up in the suburbs myself. I’d only be disappointed if you weren’t willing to try.”

“Then I guess I’ll try!” she said.

“Cool! There's tissues in the truck,” and off he went, still enraptured by the possibilities growing around him.

Tissues in hand, Alli wandered into the middle of the field and tried to think how to do it. She wasn’t sure she could balance properly, especially since the ground was a little uneven. Lean against a bush? That might damage it, and Kev didn’t own them… yet, at least. But mostly she was just frozen in fear of doing a strange new thing.

Kev came around a corner and walked down her row. “Having trouble?” he said gently.

“…Yeah.”

“Okay,” he said, and (just like she liked him to) he took command. “Drop your pants first. Don’t worry, there’s no one around but me. And I’ve already seen you naked, sweetie.”

She did as she was told.

“Now, crouch down. Want a hand?”

“Please.”

“There you go. Now, watch out, you don’t want to pee on your clothes or in your boots.”

She blushed. Looked around (pointlessly—they were still alone).

“Rivers. Waterfalls. Running faucets. Waves crashing on a beach,” Kev said. “Just—mm. No, that won’t help. Want to see me do it? To help you relax?”

“…Okay?”

“I can’t unzip when I’m holding you up like this,” he said, “so you’ll have to unzip me. And aim me.”

Oooh, playing with a penis! This she could get behind. And there were his belt and fly, just above eye level… it was tricky to do it one-handed, but she managed.

“Here it comes!” he said, and his pee—his piss—arced out from his penis, past her face, and began splattering into the soft earth of the blueberry field.

And, inspired, her piss shot out of her too.

“Better?” he asked, hauling her to her feet when she was done.

“Much better,” she said, pulling up her pants. “That was actually kinda fun! Can we come back here and do that again sometime?”

“Doesn’t have to be here,” he pointed out, smiling. “Anywhere outside, really!”

“Then let’s go on a hike again next week!”

###

Loosely based on a true experience... but she wasn't so inexperienced. Alas, she also wasn't sleeping with me, so I didn't get to help out.

*009*2023-01-16 16:28

Posting again on Monday as promised! Enjoy...

###

"In the Basement"

Tia woke up and instantly knew she was in someone else’s bed, and that the someone in question was in bed with her.

Immediately she checked herself. Headache, but not too hung over. No clear memories of whose house she was in, or how she’d gotten there from the party. No dress, no bra, just someone else’s shirt—but her panties were in place. She had to piss like a racehorse, but otherwise she seemed undamaged.

She slipped out of bed stealthily. Where were her dress and shoes? Where the heck was she? And most importantly, where was the bathroom?

The person in bed rolled over, and in the faint light coming through the window blinds, Tia saw his face—and memory flooded in.

Marc! Right, I hooked up with Marc! Fuck yeah!

Marc: such a beautiful boy. Tia had been craving his smooth elegance. And last night they’d been talking. She could barely remember about what, but then they’d been kissing. This was clearly Marc’s basement den. Thin hanging drapes separated the rest of the basement.

And here, in this bed, she’d discovered that Marc was trans. A boy that handsome with a clitoris, too? For a proud bi girl like Tia, it was a blissful dream.

But now she was awake and piss-ful. Someone had remembered to make her drink a lot of water to avoid the worst of the hangover. Smart, but now she was paying the price.

There had to be a bathroom upstairs. Tia pushed through the hangings and crept toward the stairs, shivering as her bare feet hit the cold concrete. The shiver triggered her bladder, and she had to freeze for a moment to fight down the urge to spurt. She stayed frozen, seeing light underneath the door at the top of the stairs, hearing a woman singing softly, and cooking.

Tia was suddenly conscious that she was wearing only Marc’s shirt, hanging open, and a pair of lacy panties. She’d have to find her dress. Also, she had never met Marc’s family. Was he out to them? Even if she found her clothes in the semidarkness of the basement, she’d have to explain her presence, without using Marc’s name…

No. Impossible. Potentially dangerous, in fact, for both her and Marc.

The sensible thing to do was to wake him up, turn the lights on, find her dress… She went back to the bed, but he looked so peaceful, she couldn’t bear waking him.

But she also couldn’t bear holding it in much longer. Tia was a pee-first-thing girl—plus all the extra water!

There didn’t seem to be any other way out of the basement (except, hah, through one of the windows). She needed her dress. She tried searching around with her toes, feeling the thick rug Marc had laid down, but came up with nothing. She bit her lip with frustration and desperation, resisting the urge to clutch herself like she were five, and tried again, brushing the hangings aside, trying to peer through the shadows. Still nothing.

Frantic, she stepped back out into the larger basement. There was just enough light to see washer and dryer, storage, a utility sink, shelves…

Wait. Sink? She ran over—

Whoops, nope, no running. She squeezed her legs together, mastered the urge, and carefully walked across. Halfway there, she stubbed her toe on something unexpected on the floor. Her bladder spasmed with the pain. She instinctively smashed her legs together, body taut. Feeling around, she realized she’d found a drain in the basement floor, and she’d caught her toe on the drain’s concrete lip.

Her heart sank as she examined the sink. The rim was too thin to support her weight. Her bladder didn’t understand this, however; she felt another spurt.

She was wearing really nice panties…

Quickly she stripped them off and turned the sink on, just a bit, to rinse her underwear out.

Except “a bit” turned out to be far louder than she’d expected. She panicked and turned the tap off again, afraid to wake Marc or alert his family upstairs. But the burst of water over her hands sent another inaccurate signal to her bladder. She had seconds left.

The drain.

She turned and crouched down in the same moment. She overbalanced and had to catch herself on her hands and one knee, and realized she was already peeing. She managed to reposition, kneeling rather than crouching, and get her stream into the drain, mostly. She sagged in relief. Her knees hurt, but the bliss of pissing was far more overwhelming.

“What are you doing?” Marc asked, mumbling, from where he stood between the hangings.

“I’m sorry, I really had to pee,” Tia said, flushing beet-red.

“Apparently,” Marc said, in that touch-of-vocal-fry voice (so sexy!). “Why didn’t you go upstairs?”

“Someone’s up there. I couldn’t find my clothes, and I didn’t know if you were even out to your family…”

“Most of my family, no,” Marc said, “but of course my aunt knows. That’s why I live here. Didn’t I tell you that?”

“Maybe?”

“And your dress is right here on the hanger where you left it—are you still peeing?”

Tia hid her face in both hands. Marc sighed and turned away.

Tia finally finished. “I’m so sorry,” she said, mortified. “I don’t usually run around naked, or pee in drains…”

Marc plugged in the Christmas lights he had strung up around his bed. “Next time you sleep over,” he said, “just go to the bathroom, weirdo.”

“I’m so sorry, Marc, I’ll just—” Tia began, standing up. Then: “Wait, next time?”

Marc grinned and raked his eyes up and down Tia’s body. “What, you think I’m gonna pass this hotness up because you took a leak on the floor?”

Tia crossed the basement to him…

*010*2023-01-22 00:21

In honor of my first real hike in months, I give you "Trailhead."

###

"Trailhead"

“This always happens!” Felicia said.

“What?” asked Courtney.

“I have to pee.”

“Didn’t you—? No, wait, I know you peed before we left. We both did.”

“I always have to pee again a little while after I wake up. It’s like my kidneys wake up too. Just how my body works. It’s never a problem, though… unless I’m going hiking!”

“Why?”

“Because I can just pee again before I go to work,” Felicia said. “But when I’m hiking I always leave really early to get to the trailhead before the crowd. Like we did today. Up and out in twenty minutes.”

“Do you want to stop somewhere?”

“No, I can hold it.”

(Twenty minutes later)

“You’re sure you don’t want to stop,” Courtney asked, changing lanes.

“I’m sure,” Felicia said, re-crossing her legs.

“We totally can. It won’t make us that late.”

“I can hold it! Besides, it’s 5 AM, what place is going to be open?”

“Twenty-four-hour groceries, gas stations…”

“No. I can make it.”

“I’m just saying, then you don’t have to pee in those stinky pit toilets they always have at trailheads.”

“Oh, I’m not gonna pee in those.”

“Where, then?”

“On the trail somewhere. Or in the parking lot.”

“Wait, wait, wait. That time I pulled in and you were crouched down behind your car… you weren’t really tying your boots, were you?”

“I was too! I just, y’know, multitasked.”

(Ten minutes later)

“Unnnnhhh…”

“Okay, that does it. I’m finding a gas station.”

“We’re, like, five minutes from the trailhead! Keep going.”

“You’re sure?”

“I can hold it five minutes. I’ll pee right away. I’ll be fine.”

“You don’t look fine…”

“Oh, this is just how I relax, y’know?” Felicia said, grinning through clenched teeth and gesturing at her body: sitting on her heel, tension visible in every muscle.

(Eight minutes later)

“There’s the trailhead, there’s the trailhead!” Felicia was already undoing her belt.

“I know, I can see it too,” Courtney said, turning into the lot. But as they came around the trees that separated the lot from the road, she had to come to an immediate stop. Every parking spot was full and hikers were everywhere.

“At 5:30 in the morning?” Felicia said, hand on her fly. “Oh, come on!”

“Looks like you’ll have to use those pit toilets anyway,” Courtney said, gesturing with her thumb over her shoulder at the small building they’d just passed. “I’ll let you out.”

“Fuck no.”

“Well, there’s no way you’re making it up the trail!”

“Just go around again and pull up right next to the toilets.”

“That’s not a parking spot…”

“Don’t fucking care,” Felicia said, through gritted teeth.

Courtney exited the lot and turned to circle back to the entrance. Felicia unbuttoned and unzipped as they went around.

The moment Courtney brought the car alongside the toilet building, Felicia flung the door open, hopped out, pushed her clothes down to her knees, and dropped into a high squat, hanging on to the car for stability. She was fairly well hidden—to anyone except Courtney, who was shaking her head.

“You’ve seen me pee before,” Felicia said.

“Yeah, but not right outside a toilet!”

Felicia closed her eyes in bliss as the pressure flowed out of her and into the gravel between her feet. When she opened them, she saw a man walking toward the toilet building with a stunned look on his face, and she realized he’d seen her—or at least figured out what she was doing. She looked away quickly.

When she was finished, she shook off any droplets and pulled up her pants and panties. “Whew!” she said. “That was the closest it’s ever been.”

“Well, let’s hurry up and get going,” Courtney said.

“No rush now. Obviously this place is already crawling with people, and I’m fine now.”

“Yeah, but all that talk about peeing, watching you do it, and now I have to go. And I’m not peeing in those pit toilets myself—but I’m not doing what you just did, either!”

Felicia grinned. “Let’s go get you a nice big tree…”

###

This is based on a true story, and features an author cameo! I saw exactly this happen once: a woman clearly peeing behind her car door. I saw stream and puddle; everything else (including her) was hidden, but it was still obvious what she'd been doing. And she was indeed immediately next to the toilet building. The toilets weren't locked, either; I checked. So she must have chosen not to use them. Obviously everything else in the story is fiction, as I have no idea why she made that decision.

*011*2023-01-29 06:08

“We really… need… to get back… home,” Janet whispered, between kisses.

“If we go home,” Gene pointed out, “I wouldn’t be able to do this.”

“Oh my gosh, Gene, really, in the car? …Oh. Oh, my. Don’t stop.”

“Ruthie’s got the little ones, we can play hooky a little longer,” he continued, as he also continued his stroking. “And we never get any time to ourselves any more.”

“Gene, if you think I’m going to have sex with you in a car in an office parking lot, you’ve got ano-oohhh…”

“You know what I miss? I miss your moaning. At home we have to be so quiet. Don’t wake the babies. You’re always holding back, and it gets in your way. But here you can scream to your heart’s content, like you did before Ruthie was born.”

“You’re doing… this… for me?” Janet asked, gasping, as Gene’s fingers picked up speed.

“I am. Just a gift to you.” He grinned. “If you want to return the favor, I won’t say no.”

“Geno… honey… I love you… so much. But we really… need… to go home.”

“No we don’t. Not until you come. And I so want to hear you come.”

“It’s not… that… I don’t… want… to stay. But Geno… I really… really… need to… peepee.”

“Stop being a mom for a second,” Gene said.

“What?”

“Say it the way you used to say it.”

“What?”

“You never would have called it ‘peepee’ when we were dating.”

“Ohmygod, Geno, I have got to piss!”

“There you go! Knew you could do it.”

“I’m serious, Gene, I’ve been holding it since before we left the house!”

“Really?”

“We were only… going to be gone… twenty minutes…”

“And here we are an hour later. I’m sorry, sweetie, I didn’t know.” His fingers slowed.

“Don’t stop!”

“Mixed signals, hon.”

“When you do that… it makes me need to go more… and it makes it feel… so much better… but… I can’t… hold it… any more.” She looked around. “Is there anywhere… I can go?”

“In an industrial office park on a Saturday? Nothing’s going to be open. I mean, we’re the only car in the lot, that’s why we’re here in the first place. Besides, I don’t mind the unbuttoned blouse, the unzipped jeans, and the heaving breasts, but I don’t know if you would want to go anywhere looking like that.”

“Fuck, I need to piss so bad.”

“Come for me, and then I’ll drive us home.”

“I can’t hold it that long,” she moaned. “I will totally fucking piss my pants if you make me wait any more.”

“Just pee in the parking lot.”

“What?”

“You did that once, remember? At the tailgate party.”

“Yeah, when I was twenty-two!”

“Just pee out the car door, hot mamma.” He nuzzled her. “I won’t even stop stroking you.”

She hesitated, but only for a moment. Then she wriggled her mom jeans down and off her ankles, and her plain white panties a moment later.

“You’re actually doing it,” Gene said, his own breath quickening. “Wow. You’re so sexy…”

She flashed him an incredulous, desperate grin, opened the car door, swung her legs out, and let go. True to his word, he reached around her and kept his stroking going, his hand getting slightly damp from the spray.

And then she moaned. That deep, full-belly, cat-in-heat moan he loved so much. He felt her shivering with climax as her pent-up piss flooded out of her.

“Fuck! Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck…”

A few moments later, he handed her a tissue.

“So thoughtful,” she murmured, swinging her legs back in and shutting the door behind them. “Thank you, honey. I haven’t felt like that in… I don’t want to know how long.”

“You’re welcome.”

“But speaking of that tailgate party…” she said, unzipping his fly.

“I thought you wanted to get home?”

“Now that I’ve pissed in a parking lot… and gotten off like fireworks… Ruthie and the babies can wait a little longer.”

*012*2023-02-13 04:45

So I missed last week--sorry! But here's this week's installment.

"Pit Stop at the Bus Stop"

“Guys, I’m serious, it’s getting pretty bad,” Dandelion said. “I’m bursting!”

Marcelio and Brad turned around to look at her. She was lagging behind them.

“Yeah, it’s about time for a pit stop for me, too,” said Brad.

Marcelio nodded. “But where, though?” He swung an arm expansively at their surroundings: acres and acres of mall and parking lot and heavy evening traffic. Sears in one direction, Payless Drugs in another, random restaurants, a furniture store behind them.

If you’d asked them, they all would have admitted that any of these places would have bathrooms. But it never would have occurred to them to go into any of them.

Dandelion and Marcelio had been on the road for weeks. Buddies since grade school, they’d decided to see the country, and had been backpacking, busing, and hitchhiking all over since the end of college (either graduation or dropping out). They’d met Brad a week ago, a more grizzled veteran of the road (a whole two years older!). He was obviously trying to get in Dandelion’s pants, but he wasn’t obnoxious about it, respecting her limits—and his good humor, experience, and street wisdom were inclining Dandelion to let him in, though she wanted to test him out a little more before she did.

But Brad had complicated one thing. Dandelion and Marcelio had been peeing around each other since high school party days, and didn’t think a thing about it. But in Brad’s company, Dandelion was suddenly shy about dropping her pants—or, rather, dropping them prematurely.

Having been on the road for weeks, however—with no cleaning up but skinny-dipping in lakes—they knew they wouldn’t be allowed in anywhere unless they were paying. And, proud anti-capitalists all, they weren’t going to give Sears the satisfaction.

“Let’s keep moving,” Brad said. So they did. But shortly Dandelion called out, “Hold up!”

They turned back to look at her again. She was standing cross-legged on the sidewalk.

“I can’t wait any more,” she said. “I haven’t pissed since before lunch, guys, I gotta go!”

“There’s a covered bus stop up ahead,” Brad said, pointing.

There was—a long block away. It would have to do. Dandelion sighed, squeezed tight, suppressed her instinct to grab her crotch (not in front of Brad—or all the people driving past), and kept moving.

A hundred yards shy, Dandelion had to stop again, whining wordlessly through gritted teeth. She had one clean pair of panties, and she was wearing them; she didn’t dare piss herself.

“You all right, bud?” Marcelio asked.

“No,” she said simply. “I can’t hold it.”

“You can,” Brad said, calmly but caring. “You’ll make it.”

And so she did.

They reached the bus stop shelter, which was basically a brown box with frosted windows, wide open on the side facing the street, with a single uncomfortable bench. “You get the inside, we’ll go around behind,” Brad said, and he and Marcelio set their packs down on the bench and went around behind the shelter, putting it between them and the street.

The shelter was actually a good spot. The oncoming traffic wouldn’t see her at all, and the bench would block most of the view for the traffic coming up behind them. If she turned sideways, the drivers would only be able to catch a glimpse of her bare thigh, and not her ass or pussy, unless they stopped right beside her. Odds were good they wouldn’t even notice her.

A moment later (even over the traffic noise) Dandelion heard the splatter of the guys pissing.

That was too much. She felt a sudden spurt into her only-clean-pair, and really did grab herself. She was about to drop her shorts and squat, pack not even off—but as she fumbled with her belt, she glanced across the street at the restaurant…

…And saw a young teenage boy looking back.

He’d be able to see everything.

Moreover, from the look on his face, he knew exactly what he was about to see.

And he wasn’t looking away.

“Guys!” she said, panicking. “I need more cover!”

“One sec!” Brad replied.

“Hang on!” Marcelio echoed.

She hung on. It was the twenty seconds of her life. She desperately tried not to squirm or cross her legs or do anything else to further arouse the watching teen’s interests. And with relief so close, that was maddeningly difficult.

“Okay, we got you!” Marcelio said, coming around to position himself between her and the street.

Brad stepped up beside him, draped one arm around Marcelio’s shoulder, flung out the other arm dramatically, and began to sing. No—not singing. Straight-up belting it out:

WHY do you build me up (build me up) Buttercup, baby

Just to let me down (let me down) and mess me around…

Marcelio matched Brad’s dramatic gesturing, and, literally not missing a beat, joined in on the echoes.

BRAD MARCELIO

But worst of all (worst of all)

You never call, baby

When you say you will (say you will)

But I love you still

This gave Dandelion all the cover she needed—nobody would be looking at her any more! But on the other hand, she was now roaring with laughter. The next few moments were a frantic and yet hilarious battle with her pants. She got them down just as a laughter-induced spurt broke loose. She collapsed back against the wall of the bus shelter and slid down a bit, peeing a river. She was clearly splattering her boots, but in that moment the bliss of her piss was too overwhelming for her to care.

As she regained the ability to think, still giggling and still pissing, she thought to herself that she’d better find out if Brad was a good kisser. If he was…

Well, there was room in her sleeping bag for two.

###

This is also a dramatization of actual events! And with another authorial cameo in here -- I bet you can figure out who. I have no idea what the two guys actually sang, so I just picked the first song that popped into my head.

*013*2023-02-13 04:56

So hey, this is a bit off-topic, but I wanted to get some input from y'all and this thread seemed the place to do it. I'm kind of at loose ends for stories at the moment (I'm in between stories in my "straight" writing) and I'm not sure what to do next. So here are a few options. I have basic outlines for any of them, as you can see. What would y'all like to read?

A) A continuation of Bree and Tam (last seen fuckin' in Boston), with the two of them camping at a crowded campsite and a faraway bathroom...

B) A continuation of my rather-less-realistic Pi Sigma Sigma series, with Zephyr, her new lover Ashley, and the other girls. Much drama and many holding contests as they try to get Zephyr over her pee-shyness.

C) A completely new and even less realistic series! A "variations on a theme" story -- same characters each time, same fundamental starting point in each short story, but with weirder and weirder outcomes (like what a highway rest stop is like in a universe where peeing outside is totally normal, or where a traffic jam leads to a wet orgy, etc.)

D) More Meagan and Parker -- haha, you'll be getting more of those two whether you like it or not! Just not for a few weeks.

Vote early and vote often!

*021*2023-02-16 14:55

A -- 1

B -- 4

C -- 2

Hmmm, you're right, @Flush

: a pretty split vote! Thanks, y'all, for that vote of confidence. But B is definitely the clear winner. Which is good, because I've actually been (slowly) drafting some Pi Sigma Sigma already.

But I'll probably throw in a few wild cards here and there. Just to keep you on your toes.

(And for those who voted A or C, don't despair -- it may just be a matter of time before you get your wish! Although I must say the Pi Sigma Sigma girls have a lot of plot left ahead of them, and I have a lot of other things to do...)

*023*2023-02-21 00:33

So, after you all gave me a clear mandate to go write more about Zephyr and her housemates... I spend the long weekend writing Meagan and Parker. Somehow I think you won't mind, though.

On the other hand, here's another Simple Piss story -- and the shortest yet.

###

Sasha

Highway 99, south of Chico, California

Sasha woke up just after midnight. The first thing she did was stretch, which meant she thrust out her tits, which mean I nearly veered off the road.

Second thing she did was say, “Shit, I really gotta piss.”

I really did veer off that time.

“How much longer to Truckee?” she asked.

“More’n two hours.”

“I can’t wait that long,” she said.

“Wasn’t asking you to,” I said. “We’re twenty minutes out from Oroville. Can you wait that long?”

“I can try,” she said.

A minute later she shifted position again. And again. Then she sat on her heel.

“Pull over,” she instructed.

“You really can’t wait twenty minutes?”

“Maybe I could, but I don’t want to,” she said. “I haven’t gone since the rest stop after the pass, you know.”

“True.”

I pulled over. She pulled off her t-shirt.

“I’m not complaining,” I said, “but I am confused…”

She shrugged. “I know you like it when I gotta piss. Might as well give you two things you like.”

It was dark out there, dark except for starlight. She could have gone five feet off the road and been completely hidden. Instead she dropped down to the ground from the cab, walked around in front of the truck, and positioned herself in the headlights. She flipped up her skirt and pulled down her panties, and then squatted. She knew I liked to see her ass when she popped a squat, so she faced the highway instead of me. Her bra looked barely adequate.

She waited for an impressive ten seconds, and then her stream shot out from that exquisite ass. She’d left the door open, so I could hear her piss spattering all over the asphalt.

“Better?” I asked, as she climbed back into the truck.

“Much better,” she said. She didn’t close the door, so the dome light stayed on. She looked sleepy-sexy, with her tired eyes and in just her bra.

She tapped the bulge in my pants. “Your turn. Want me to help you with that?”

It was really tempting, what with her cleavage, and the memory of what she’d just done. But we had a long way to go.

“Nah,” I said. “Let’s wait until morning.”

“I know you wanted me to wait until we got to Truckee,” she said, “and then do me at the motel. But there was just no way.”

“It’s okay,” I said. “I’ll just remember what you just showed me. And you’ll probably have to pee tomorrow morning, too.”

“Count on it,” she said. She pulled on my jacket without bothering to put on her shirt, closed the door at last, buckled up, and leaned against me.

I drove one-handed the rest of the night, arm around her shoulder. Tomorrow was gonna be a good day.

###

I'm rather proud of how much I managed to cram into this one. But it was a real struggle. There was a longer version, with the backstory of how the narrator and his girlfriend met. But Sasha threatened to spin out of control, and I just can't risk it turning into Yet Another Fuckin' Love Story from Weasel. Not when I've got Pi Sigma Sigma to write.

