Linda: Chapter 4

Author: wettingplay

*000*2011-05-05 01:40

Linda awoke to find herself Cuddling up to Alison. Linda was resting her face on Alison's bare chest. She was sucking her left thumb, and had her right arm wrapped around Alison's tummy. Alison was fast asleep, cradling Linda with her right arm. Alison's left hand was gently resting on Linda's Neck where she had been stroking her the night before.

"When did Alison's top come off" Linda though to herself. She looked around and saw Alisons V-neck lying at the other end of the bed.

"She must've gotten hot" she thought to herself, snuggling up close to Alison. Alison had been so nice to Linda. It made her feel safe and secure. She closed her eyes and dozed off again.

Linda awoke again two hours later.

"Linda, Linda..." Alison's soft voice called out.

"You've got Lectures today, you'd better get up"

Linda opened her eyes and looked around. Alison was standing above her wearing a tight white tank top and a very short jeans skirt. Linda could see up her skirt. Alison was wearing a blue thong.

"It's quarter to ten, you've got a lesson to go to" Alison softly spoke.

Linda sat up and Yawned.

"Oh no, I'm late. I need to get dressed." she said

"I've already got you a set of cloths from your draw." Alison picked up a yellow denim dress from her chair, along with a white bra and a pair of pull-ups.

"I got them from your draw for you. I thought this dress would look beautiful, especially since its nice and sunny today." Alison said. Linda looked at the pull ups. She was embarrassed.

"I normally only wear these at night" she said. Alison came and sat down next to Linda, putting her hand on Lindas left knee and massaging the inside of her lower thigh gently.

"I know, but today you've got 4 hours of lectures back to back. I think you should wear them just in case" Alison explained.

"I'm a grown up now" Linda protested. "I don't have daytime accidents"

"I just don't want you to get upset. You're a very sensitive Girl, and I want to protect you." Alison softly spoke to Linda. Linda considered for a minute. Four hours was a long time and she was way to shy to leave in the iddle of a class to use the toilet.

"I think your right" Linda said, taking the cloths from Alison. Linda took off her panties and slid on her pull ups. She took off her bra from last night and put the fresh one on. She then slid on her yellow dress and motioned for Alison to do up her zip.

"I've got no lectures so I'll just wash your dirty cloths for you." Alison suggested as she helped Linda get dressed.

"I'd like that" Linda replied. Alison made her feel so good, so happy. Linda wished that Alison could go with her to uni, but they were doing different course so she knew it couldn't happen. Linda left the flat and headed for her first lecture.

Linda was sitting in the lecture theatre. It was a 2 hour lecture, and a talk was being delivered by a visiting lecturer. Linda had bought a 1.5 litre bottle of water. She liked to have something to drink in lectures. One and a half hours in and Linda had drank 0.5l and had quite a strong urge to pee. However, it wasn't an emergency and Linda felt that she could probably last through the next 2 hour lecture as well. She sipped from her drink and continued to take notes.

As the lecture went on Linda became ore urgent. However, the training pants were putting a nice bit of pressure on her, helping her control her need. The pull-ups were for girls aged 5-7, but Linda was a tiny size zero, and only 5"2' tall. The pull ups fit her tightly but comfortably. She found she could further alleviate her need to pee by sliding forward on her chair slightly. This pulled the training pants up higher and tighter, putting pressure on her pee hole. She crossed her legs tightly and wiggled forward a bit, managing to find a good position in which she could completely forget her need to pee.

The lecture came to an end so Linda packed up and headed for her next Lecture. As soon as she uncrossed her legs her urgent need for the toilet hit her. She was wearing her pull ups though, so she wasn't too worried. She didn't show her desperation and just calmly walked towards her next lecture. When she got there she would use the toilet quickly.

When she got to the next room she headed towards the toilets. However, she noticed that everyone was already going in to the lecture. She was frightened of going in late so she decided to go straight to the lecture. Linda found a seat near the back away from everyone else. She got out her pen and notebook, then crossed her legs, and slid forward to get a nice bit of pressure to help her out.

Ten minutes in and Linda started to feel her need through her tightly crossed legs. She rocked back and forward, putting pressure on and off her pee hole rhythmically. She had started finding it hard to pay attention to the lecture. She slid off her right shoe and slid her foot under her so she was sitting on her heel. Linda positioned herself s she had maximum pressure on her groin and regained some composure. She relaxed a bit and kept on taking notes.

An hour into the lecture Linda was getting desperate. She still wasn't worried because she was wearing her protective pants. She just leaned back and forward in a slow periodic motion, pushing heavily on her pee hole. Linda didn't think she could hold it much longer. She reached her hand down to her groin subtly and gave herself a tight squeeze. She pumped with her hand vigorously for a few moments and managed to get her control back. Her pussy began pulsing muscle contractions and she got a lovely feeling which made her flustered. Her need to pee had alleviated somewhat and her pants had gotten a bit damp around the groin. She wasn't sure what had just happened. Had she had a mini orgasm or had she leaked a bit and been overwhelmed by the relief?

The lecture was coming too an end. Linda was desperate. The teacher wrapped up and dismissed the students so Linda packed up her things and stood up. A big spurt came out so she stood still and squeezed her thighs together for a bit. when she got back some control she rushed for the door and began hurrying home. She knew she couldn't last much longer.

Linda Arrived at her flat and searched for her key while pee pee dancing from one foot to the next. She found it and struggled with her lock for a minute, then rushed into the stairwell. Luckily for her the Lift was already on the ground floor. She got in and pushed 5. In the lift Linda squirmed around trying to hold it. She was accidentally letting out little leaks every few seconds.

When the lift reached her floor Linda dashed for the door. She had her key in her right hand, and her left hand was dug into her pee hole. She ran to the toilet and tried the door knob.

LOCKED

"Who is it" Alison's voice asked softly.

"It's me" Linda replied with a whimper.

True to her earlier promise Alison opened the door right away. Linda stared for a moment at Alison's naked body. She was dripping wet, having just stood out of the bath to let Linda in, and her skin was shining with the film of water and shower gel on her. Linda stared at Alison's tiny glistening breasts. She had equally tiny nipples which were standing erect. Linda then looked downwards at Alison's vagina. The shine of her skin highlighted every contour, and Linda gazed at Alison's thin soft pubic hair.

Linda's floodgates opened and she snapped out of her daydream. She rushed in and Alison closed and locked the door behind her. Linda's peeing was causing a loud hissing and she jumped onto the toilet, only lowering her pull ups once she had sat down. The relief overcame Linda, and she closed her eyes and leaned forward sighing.

"Well done" Alison congratulated her, "You held it for 4 hours. You are a grown up, you don't wet during the day"

Linda smiled and gazed over at Alison. "You want to watch a film?"

Alison stood over Linda in silence. She stared absent mindedly down Linda's dress at her right nipple which had become exposed when Linda leaned forward. Linda sat up a bit, once again hiding her nipple, and Alison looked further down between Linda's legs. Linda's pubic hair had recently been waxed she was perfectly smooth. Alison couldn't take her eyes off of it.

Linda looked down at her training pants to see the damage. The crotch was very wet.

"What do I do with these? Do I keep wearing them or change now?" Linda asked

Alison looked in Linda's pull ups to see how wet they were.

"I've made your bed and put your washed pants on your pillow. Leave the pull ups here and I'll dispose of them when I'm done in the bath" Alison climbed back in the bath and Linda took her pants off.

"Thank you Alison" Linda said in a sweet voice. Alison was silent, staring between Linda's legs again. This time Linda noticed and quickly closed her legs and covered her womanhood with her hands. She blushed bright red.

Alison snapped out of it and abruptly looked away, also blushing.

"Come and watch a film with me when your done" Linda said leaving the bathroom.

Linda was watching TV and sucking her thumb when Alison came through her door wrapped in a towel.

"Can I lock the door please, I don't have my cloths with me" Alison asked.

Linda nodded, still sucking her thumb.

Alison approached Linda and picked her up, then set her down on her lap, cradling her. Linda curled up in Alison's arms sucking her thumb. The two of them began watching the nights film. Alison rocked Linda back and forward gently and Linda fell into a deep sleep.

Linda awoke several hours later. Alison had fallen asleep and her towel had all but fallen off her. Linda took the towel and hung them on her rail. She then took off her dress and bra, and put on the blue t-shirt she used as night cloths. Linda covered Alison with the Duvet to keep her warm and climbed in with her. Still sleeping, Alison rolled over and wrapped her arms around Linda, pulling her closer and tightly hugging her. Linda put her thumb in her mouth and drifted to sleep.

Linda awoke yet again a couple of hours later. It was getting Light out and Linda was having an accident. Her face turned red and tears formed in her eyes. She curled up and sobbed silently. Linda was really upset. Linda had only been at university for a little over a week and she had wet the bed three times.

"Mummy" Linda pleaded silently. She wanted Mummy more than anyone else in the world at that moment.

Meanwhile, Alison had awoken due to the wetness in the bed. She had heard Linda's hopeless pleading fur her Mummy to look after her. Alison started stroking the back of Linda's neck the way she liked it. She leaned in close to Linda's ear and whispered lovingly "There, there. I'll look after you"

Linda felt a bit better now and cuddled up to Alison, sucking her thumb.

"Alison?" Linda asked, "Why are you so nice to me?"

"Your such a sweet girl" Alison replied, "I cant bare to see you upset"

Linda smiled, still sucking her thumb. Alison sat up and pulled down Linda's pants for her. She threw the dirty underwear in Linda's laundry hamper, then picked up a pair of pull ups from the draw. She helped Linda into these, then led her by the hand to her room. Alison was still naked, so she rushed them across the hallway, then jumped under her Duvet seeking the cozy warmth. She pulled Linda into the bed and cuddled her.

Linda was lying, face down, and half on top of Alison's naked body. Alison had Linda's head held affectionately against her bosom, all the while stroking the back of Linda's neck the way Linda liked it. Linda was still crying, but the stroking was calming her down. She put her thumb into her mouth and fell back into a deep sleep, feeling safe in the knowledge that Alison would look after her and keep her safe.

