Miss Mega Bladder

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2023-04-23 23:06

Been in quite a writing mood these past couple weeks I guess.

This is a sequel to my last story, A Socially Distant Easter.

$/88336-a-socially-distant-easter/#comment-2074729

###

Sloan took another sip of her iced tea, wincing a bit at the flavor of the vodka she had added to it. Sloan was now in her junior year of college and today was a big day, not just for her university, but for the entire city. The local football team had made it to the championship game and as a result, a city wide pre game celebration was underway, with most of the action taking place in the array of parking lots outside of their stadium. That was where Sloan was headed now, along with two of her three roommates, Emma and Julia, another of their friends, Lynne, and Lynne’s boyfriend, Dave.

It was an unseasonably warm winters day and Sloan was wearing tight gray leggings, warm and comfy padded black boots, and an oversized hoodie with the team’s logo on it that her boyfriend, Brian, had left at her apartment. She really wished Brian could have been here today, but his University was a couple hours drive away and traffic was going to be crazy, couple that with exams coming up, and he had decided to stay back and watch the game with his own friends and roommates. She didn’t blame him, but was secretly just a tad dissented as her birthday was on Monday and was eager to celebrate it with him, although they had agreed to do so the following weekend.

Sloan took another swig of her drink as she heard the rumble of the subway train coming in the distance, the noise forcing her and her friends to put a brief pause on their conversation as it arrived and they scrambled aboard, forced to stand and hold on to whatever they could as the train was incredibly crowded with fans eager to get down to the lots and celebrate the team.

Unable to really converse much, Sloan finished off her spiked iced tea over the next 20 minutes as the train stopped at stop after stop, with more and more fans attempting to crowd themselves on until finally they reached the stadium and everyone piled off. Sloan was quite relieved to be off the train, as despite it being winter the amount of people crammed on had made the train car quite hot and claustrophobic.

Exiting the station in to the lot, the party spanned as far as the eye could see, and the group laughed and talked and took in the sights as they made their way across the parking lot. Eventually, after about 20 minutes of walking, they found a bunch of Emma’s other friends, who were hanging out near their car. They had bought along a few cases of beer and everyone helped themselves to one, and then a second, after which Sloan was feeling quite a good buzz.

Time went on and the start of the game got closer, and many fans began dispersing, either in to the stadium if they were lucky or heading off to wherever they would be watching. In truth, Sloan was a bit relieved that they would be heading home soon, as over the past half hour she had started to feel quite a need to pee, unsurprising given all she had drank, but there was really nowhere to go here. She had been scouting out the situation, there were a few portable toilets in the lot, but the lines were unfathomably long, she had seen some where there were 40 or 50 people queuing for a single one. It would literally be much faster to just go home.

Emma finished her goodbyes and the group turned to head back toward the train station, they had hardly taken a few steps when Julia spoke up. “Oh my God guys, I really have to pee”.

“Me too” Emma quickly agreed.

“Yeah, I’ve been holding it for like the last hour, I really need to go actually” Lynne chimed in.

Not much more was said about as there wasn’t much that could be done, and the group continued on toward the station. Sloan was really starting to feel her bladder. It was getting to the stage where it was pounding inside her and she was struggling to walk fully upright. She did some quick math, about 5 more minutes to the station, a 20 minute ride, and then another 5 minute walk back to the apartment. It wasn’t going to be fun, but she would just have to hold it.

Sloan really took a lot of pride in her strong bladder, especially since the incident freshmen year when she had come closer to wetting herself than she had ever thought possible after an Easter service at her church. Despite the pain she had felt that day, she remembered it somewhat fondly as the day her and Brian had really connected. And, despite everything, the coffee she had drank, the closed bathrooms at the church, the traffic, the crowded McDonalds, and the final dash home, she had made it without even letting a single drop out in to her panties.

She had been incredibly embarrassed about causing a scene at the time, but when she saw Brian a month or so later for summer break, he brought it up and had actually seemed quite impressed that she was able to hold so much for so long. It turned out that Brian was a very capable guy, seeming to excel at everything he tried. Sloan sometimes felt a bit jealous and insecure about how charmed and successful he was, but had oddly found her bladder to be one area where she was a bit superior to him. They had had some long dates with limited bathroom access, and that had been an issue for Brian at some points.

Sometimes he had to make a desperate dash as soon as they reached a toilet, while Sloan would patiently wait her turn. There had even been a few occasions where had been pushed to the point of peeing outside, but Sloan always crossed her legs and waited until they got home without any complaints. In many of these cases, Brian reiterated how impressed he was by her ability to hold it, and Sloan got a rewarding rush of pride every time he commented on it. In just a couple of instances, he had even casually referred to her as “Miss Mega Bladder”, a nickname that he probably hadn’t given much thought to, but that she secretly loved.

The group was nearly to the station when Julia suddenly stopped walking and bent over with her legs tightly crossed over one another.

“Guys…. I don’t think I can do it… I have to pee so fucking bad, I think I might wet myself on the train.”

“We all have to pee Julia” Emma replied, crossing her own legs “It will take an hour to wait in line here, we’ll be home in 20 minutes”

“I seriously don’t think I can wait 20 minutes… fuck I really have to go…” she looked around frantically, her face reddening “I’ll pee in a bush, I don’t even care, just please help me..”

“Um… okay” there was a bit of silence as everyone looked around. Sloan felt frustrated, she didn’t want to pee in public and she did not need this del-

“Maybe over there” Lynne exclaimed, pointing to a wall with a few decorative trees around it on the edge of the parking lot. Julia shot off toward it before Lynne was even finished talking, and the rest of the group started to follow. Sloan really wanted to just leave them, to just get on the train and head home to her toilet, but taking one last glance at the train station, she begrudgingly followed.

Julia led the way to the wall, weaving between parked cars, when they finally reached it she stopped and leaned over with a hand buried in her crotch, waiting for the rest of the group to catch up.

“Please cover me” she squeaked, before immediately ducking behind one of the little trees. Lynne stepped forward to try and provide some cover, Sloan couldn’t believe Julia was actually going to pee here, it was almost completely out in the open. She certainly wasn’t opposed to an emergency public pee, she had done it once before actually, but there had been a lot more privacy in that case.

Next to Sloan, Emma was rapidly stepping from foot to foot. “I… I might go after her” she said quietly. Sloan didn’t even say anything, she glanced around, it seemed like no one even noticed what Julia was doing. Maybe she should just pee here too, she really really had to go, it was going to be an incredibly uncomfortable train ride, it would be so nice to just be able to relax and be comfortable.

Julia stood up, looking like a new woman, and Emma didn’t hesitate, she rushed forward behind the little tree, ripped her pants and panties down to her knees, and immediately started peeing. Sloan took a few steps forward between the cars, moving herself in to position to be next, she was debating on whether she still wanted to do this until she got close enough to see and hear Emma’s pee absolutely jetting out of her, churning up the mulch and starting to flood the ground. She tried to look away, but the prospect of being able to do the same sent Sloan’s mind in over drive and she briefly gave herself a squeeze through her leggings to fend off the sudden urge.

“HEY!” Sloan turned and saw two men, clearly the owners of a nearby vendor tent, storming towards them. “This is not your fucking bathroom! We’re trying to run a business here, go piss in the porta potties like everybody else you disgusting bitch!”

Emma immediately pulled her pants up and fled toward the train station, Lynee, Julia, and Dave tried to mutter some kind of apology, but the guy returned to his tent clearly not wanting to hear it, and they turned back toward the train station.

Sloan was a bit panicked now, she had convinced herself that she was going to get to go, but now was going to have to hold it until home after all. The shock of Emma getting caught had also startled her and she was glad she already had a hand in her crotch or she might have lost a leak. Her heart rate continued to increase as she came to grips with the situation she was in. She was having an emergency, desperate enough to hold her crotch in public, desperate enough that she was prepared to squat in the open in public, as desperate as she had been probably since her Easter ordeal, and still at least a 20 minute train ride away from a toilet.

Entering the station again, she tried to encourage herself. She had made it that day at church, she could make it now. After all, she reminder herself, she was Miss Mega Bladder, but she was certainly going to have to earn her stripes today.

Once again waiting for the train on the platform, she stood next to Emma, who was confiding in Julia about how embarrassed she was that she had been caught, but that she was glad that she had been able to go as much as she did. She said still really needed to go, but felt a lot better.

Sloan looked down the empty tracks, come on train, she begged silently to herself, stepping from foot to foot rapidly as Emma had done earlier, she really wanted to grab herself again, but there were just too many people around.

She craned her head out toward the tracks, where the hell was this train? Why now of all times did it have to take forever to show up? She paced around the platform, Julia was off to the side, smiling and talking on the phone with someone, looking completely relaxed. Emma was standing next to her, still as a statue, while Lynne and Dave subtly danced around, looking quite anxious themselves.

Finally, they heard the rumble of the train of approaching. Sloan anxiously checked the time, 25 more minutes, it seemed impossible, but she really had no other choice. The group boarded the train, thankfully it wasn’t as crowded as Sloan was able to quickly take a seat. The minutes absolutely crawled by as the train lingered in the station, allowing more and more people to board, “come on, come on, come on” Sloan changed internally to herself. Finally, the hiss of the breaks, a jolt to life, and they were underway.

They had about 8 stops to go, and after just 2, Sloan was completely frantic and seriously considering just running off the train at the next stop. She knew this part of town, kind of, and there wouldn’t be many obvious places for her to go, especially on a day like today when the entire city was packed, but she wasn’t sure she had any other option than to try, she’d find somewhere else to squat if she had to, she was going out of her mind.

She pulled one of her arms inside of her hoodie, allowing her to hold herself under it. She was leaning forward in her seat, legs fanning rapidly in and out, she could feel her vagina through her leggings, it felt slick with the effort she was expending to keep her boiling bladder in check. The train came to a stop and she almost ran off but managed to resist the temptation, but as soon as it was underway, she turned to Emma next her.

“Em, I might have to run off at the next stop, I don’t think I can hold this, I’m going to literally pee in my pants any second.”

“Oh wow, I didn’t expect it from you, iron bladder, just hang on, we’re making good time, we’ll be home before you know it. You can do this, I know you can.” she paused “To tell you the truth, I already peed my pants a little, when that asshole interrupted me I just couldn’t stop it right away, and I still really have to go”

Sloan could only let out a pained gasp in response to Emma’s admission as the train began to slow again, they were past halfway there now. Oh God, she was just in so much pain.

With her free hand, she pulled out her phone to desperately try and distract herself, she had a few unread messages from Brian.

“Hey, how’s your day going, are you heading back from the tailgate now?”

“Yeah” she responded

“Dude I have to pee so fucking bad, I think I’m going to actually wet myself before I get back to my apartment”

“That sucks.”

“Is it Easter bad?”

“It might be worse and I’m still so far from home, I really don’t know if I can do it, I might have to get off and just squat somewhere or piss myself trying”

“You can make it home, you got this, you’re Miss Mega Bladder! Besides if you get off now, there will probably be nowhere to go and you’ll miss the start of the game”

“Your faith in me might be misplaced, I feel like I’m going to explode”

“It’s not, you can do it, I know you can”

She put her phone away, trying to use Brian’s words as encouragement, her thoughts filled of the toilet in her apartment she had used so many times.

Some time passed, it felt like a blur, but finally they were at the stop before theirs. Sloan was gasping every few seconds now, hand still buried in her sweaty crotch, leaning forward and back rapidly, she felt like she was being suffocated by her own pee. Was this worse than Easter? It was definitely close, and she was still going to have to get off this train, walk to her apartment, make it up the elevator… fuck, no don’t even think about.

The train pulled in to their stop and Sloan got up slowly, still keeping a hand inside the hoodie so she could grab herself. She definitely could not stand up straight now, she could feel the pee hammering against her defenses, wanting nothing more than to shoot down her legs.

She hurriedly led her friends off the train and emerged in to absolute chaos on the platform. Something bad had clearly happened as there police everywhere, herding the crowd away from the front exit of the station and toward the rear exit. That wasn’t really a problem, they wanted to go out the rear exit anyway is would let them out right on the street that led to the apartment. What was a major problem was the crowd. It was absolutely insane, completely overwhelming the capacity of the station’s exit. Sloan and her friends joined the massive group of people ever so slowly making their way out of the station.

Sloan was freaking out, this was not a delay she had been prepared for. She wanted to scream, to tell all these people to get out of her fucking way or she was going to piss her pants in front of all them. She had been rapidly rocking back and fourth from foot to foot, but stopped to press her legs together and stand on her tip toes so that she could see the exit on the other side of the crowd. It was so far away. Her mind flashed back to Easter when she ran in to the McDonalds, so close but so far, it once again felt like the universe really wanted to make her wet her pants.

Her mind spun as they continued to push through the crowd, her brain urging her to do anything to try and escape her current predicament but there was literally nothing she could but dance around and continue to massage her frantic pussy under her hoodie. She was completely trapped, all she could do was occasionally look up at the exit as it inched closer and closer.

It only took about 5 minutes for them to get near the front of the crowd, but it was torture for Sloan, just as they were finally about to be let out on to the street, one of the police officers held them up, apparently to let a few staff members enter the station. Another delay, it pushed Sloan over the edge, she felt her bladder tremble as her worst fears were realized and a massive jet of boiling pee shot out of her. She dug her fingers in as hard as she could, she could feel the wetness in her panties through her leggings. She knew the tight gray fabric would show even the tiniest leak but luckily she was mostly covered by the hoodie. She bent over as hard as she could, applying so much pressure with her hand that she thought she might hurt herself, but she managed to get things under control, just as the officers stepped aside and allowed them out on to the street.

Sloan didn’t even stop to wait for her friends, she immediately began hobbling down the street, Julia quickly caught up to her. “Jesus Sloan, are you okay? She asked, giggling a bit at how Sloan was walking. Sloan made eye contact with her friend and watched the smile vanish from her face as she realized the absolute agony she was in. She felt Julia’s hand touch her back “It’s okay, we’re almost there, just a few more minutes”

Hobbling along as fast as she could, Sloan was looking around wildly for anywhere she could pee, a portable toilet, a coffee shop, a dark alley, anything, but there were people absolutely everywhere, lines just to get in to anything. Finally they reached the apartment building, and as Sloan stopped to open the door to the main lobby, she leaked again, she could feel it starting to dribble down her inner thighs toward her knees. Oh God, she had basically peed her pants, and if she let any more out it might run down to her knees and be visible to everyone. Whatever, she didn’t care, she just needed a toilet.

She hobbled straight to the elevator and pushed the call button, before immediately breaking in to a shameless pee dance, pacing back in and fourth in the lobby until she finally heard the ding of an arriving elevator. Everyone rushed in, Sloan now noticed that Lynne was also bent over, her jeans obviously unbuttoned, she even caught Dave give his crotch a quick knead with his hand, but he pulled it away as soon he noticed her looking.

Of course, her stupid apartment only had one bathroom. There had been many times that Sloan, her roommates, and their friends had arrived back bursting to pee, and Sloan always let everyone else go first, today she would need call in that goodwill, she really could not wait a second longer.

“When we get there, I absolutely have to go first” she said, giving Lynne an apologetic look.

“You can have the toilet, I’ll take the tub, I’m at a full scale emergency.”

“I’ll go last” Emma chimed in “I have to go pretty bad but I can wait and I need to, well…. I’ll go last”

Another ding, the elevator opened and Sloan rushed out in to the hallway, keys in hand.

“Sloan we weren’t supposed to tell you this” Julia started as they approached the apartment “but we organized a bit of a surprise party for you…”

“… W-What?!” Sloan stammered, processing what she had just heard as she inserted the key in to the lock and threw the door open

“SURPRISE”

Of course, coming home having pissed her pants, and all her friends, and Brian, standing there waiting for her in her kitchen, she’d have to deal with this later. Thank God Julia had said something or she would have wet herself as soon as she opened the door.

“Sorry, bathroom” she gasped, pushing immediately through the crowd that was trying to surround her. She ran through the kitchen, through the living room, in to the back hallway of the apartment where the bedrooms and bathroom were located. She stumbled down the hall, there it was, the bath-

Oh, No, nononnonononono

The door was closed, the light was on, and as Sloan approached she could hear the vent fan running, someone was in there, she threw herself against the door, locked. Her bladder had had enough. A massive surge erupted from her, shooting straight through her leggings and out from under Brian’s hoodie and splattering on to the floor.

“I need you to open this now PLEAAAASEEEE” she cried, banging on the door, she took a gasping breath, tears streaming down her face, and then another surge came, once again blasting through her pants and on to the floor.

“Out on to the balcony!” Lynne gasped, ushering her friend through the sliding glass door that sat behind her out on to the apartments small balcony. The second she was outside, Sloan lost it completely, her exhausted body had no fight left, and Sloan dropped to her knees and she felt the gallons of boiling piss she had been lugging around all day pump itself out in to her sexy tight gray leggings. The sound was incredible, as she gushed and gushed on the balcony, until the entire platform was covered in liquid and it began running off the edges.

“Baby are you… oh wow” she looked up to see Brian standing in the doorway, Lynne standing behind him with her hand buried in her crotch. Her pee still pumping out of her with no end in sight. She dropped her head back in to her hand and sobbed in to it until she was finished, then in total exhaustion she collapsed on her butt, splashing in to the massive puddle she had just created. Brian stepped out on to the balcony with her, the liquid from her catastrophic accident pooling around his shoes. Behind him she saw the bathroom door finally open and Lynne and Dave dash in.

He crouched down next to her and put his hand on her shoulder. It’s okay baby, let’s get you cleaned up.

Brian helped Sloan take her boots off, completely water logged with pee, she’d probably have to throw them out, her light gray leggings were turned to such a solid dark shade you wouldn’t even be able to tell what their original color was. They stepped back inside and he quickly ushered her to her bedroom before anyone else could see what had happened. There he helped her undress, peeling off her soaked leggings, and then panties, even his hoodie had gotten a decent amount of her pee on it.

He peeked down the hall, it seemed that Emma was in the shower, so they’d have to wait for it to be free. Sloan was still crying “I’m sorry you had to see that” she sobbed “I can’t believe that just happened… I feel like such a failure”

“Shhhh” he comforted her “It’s totally okay, you’re okay now, I can’t believe you were holding all that in, I can’t even imagine what that must have felt like…”

“So much for my strong bladder… you must be so disgusted with me right now.”

“….. actually, this is really weird but… I’m actually oddly extremely turned on right now”

“Just wait right here, I’m going to fix everything”

Brian disappeared from the room, leaving Sloan alone, still trying to catch her breath and process what happened. He returned a few moments later

“Okay, I talked to Lynne and Dave, they aren’t going to say anything. I also talked to Emma, she just got out of the shower, she’s not going to say anything either. Put your clothes in this plastic bag and tie it up, we’ll take care of that later once everyone leaves, Lynne is making sure no one is going to come in to the hallway so you can go take a shower and then join us, if anyone asks, just say it was a long morning and you were really sweaty, that’s what Emma’s going with. Also, I cleaned up the mess in the hall and locked the balcony door so that one goes out there. I think it’s going to rain later tonight so that should clear it up”

Brian led Sloan down the hallway to the bathroom, handed her a towel, and gave her a quick hug.

“Thank you” she whispered in his ear.

“Of course baby, get cleaned up and come hang out and watch the game with us… and hey,” he leaned in close again “you’re still Miss Mega Bladder to me.”

