Testing Your Decency (Another Pokemon BW Fanfic)

Author: wheatley

*000*2016-12-25 08:40

Okay, long story short, I found ANOTHER picture that gave me this idea. Not one about Emolga and Snivy wetting themselves, more one of Snivy sticking a vine up Emolga's vagina.

Snivy: So now i'm a lesbian?

Apparently. And after seeing this, I thought about the other story I did with these two, so I'm making another.

Emolga: So you're beating a dead ponyta.

Well I wouldn't say that, just... okay yes. Just read the story and leave me alone.

WARNING: things are gonna get a little sexual. in the gay way.

###

Alright, adventure, traveling to place, you get the idea. I already explained this stuff in my other story. If you saw my other story, you'd know that has nothing to do with the story, and I just said it because I watch too much of the anime. I WOULD say Ash and his pals were there having a good time, buuut nobody cares about them. Instead, we're having Pikachu an a few of his buddies on a deserted island.Since I can't think of a good explanation for why they're alone, i'm just going to say team rocket kidnapped themand they got blasted off agaaaaaaaaaain to some random island (although it was a first time). Also since they have no way of getting back to Unova, all they can do is wait for someone to show up and help them.

As for what everyone was doing, Pikachu was checking around making sure nothing ends up biting them in the ass (like last time), Oshawott and Tepig debating on some stuff, and then there was Emolga and Snivy, who for once have not tried to kill each other! Finally, right?... Ok fine i'll get back to the story!

Everyone seemed to be doing fine, mainly staying out near the pool at an old house. Ironically enough, the house was in good condition, looking like it was just recently built despite the fact nobody lived there whatsoever, and it was made mostly of wood and stone, so it would have been abandoned years ago. Ah whatever, so back to the thing. We're gonna be zooming in on Snivy's perspective to start off. She was doing her classic 'sunbathing on a rock' thing. She seemed relaxing fine, nothing out of the ordinary, just relaxing.

"Ahh, finally, a moment of peace and quiet. Okay, now i'm bored." Snivy got up and went a little bit into the trees to find some entertainment. After going a little deep into the forest, a shady figure could be seen watching her in the shadows. She was not too far in that she couldn't find her way back, but deep enough in so that nobody could see her from the house.

"Hello, anybody want to attack me?" Snivy called out to the blank space. "If anybody wants me, I spent my entire allowance on smoothies and my slit is in good condition!"

She says despite the fact pokemon don't use money. Or maybe they do, I didn't really think that out in the first story.

Suddenly, she was tackled to the ground and knocked cold. When she woke up, she was groggy. Not really able to make out the scenery since her vision and mind were still blank. She realized the area under her stomach was showing signs of discomfort, reminding her she didn't urinate before after waking up. Still half asleep, she tried moving behind a bush to take care of that...

Only to notice she didn't move anywhere at all.

Once she could regain consciousness, she realized she was tied to a tree. Then the shadowy figure from the bushes stood up and introduce itself.

"Well well well, look what we have here."

*at the house*

Meanwhile everyone seemed to have their fair share of relaxing around the area they invited themselves into. Also, just incase you're wondering what happened to the owner of the house, he's sleeping with the fishes. Both in terms of figuratively and in a more indecent way. But enough of that. Let's see what the others are up to.

" I used to be called the going blue when i was younger. I could swim across the entire outline of Unova." Oshawott said to his fiery friend, talking up his talent.

"Oh please, I can run that distance!" The orange and black pig responded. "I can't swim, but mama didn't give this ham four legs for nothing!"

They would do this stuff more often, but they never really got the moment, what with all the battles and hissy fits going on. But now that they're on a forced vacay, they finally get a chance.

"Hey guys, you seen Snivy anywhere?" Pikachu asked them, going over after noticing Snivy wasn't in her usual spot.

"Yeah, green, yellow outline, about this high. has a nice vagigi." Tepig replied, snickering a bit.

"Recently." Pikachu sighed in annoyance.

Oshawott butted in. "I saw her lyng on a rock somewhere nearby, but since then, no." Pikachu rolled his eyes and went looking for her.

Emolga on the other hand, was in the dusty kitchen digging through the fridge for some goods. Unfortunately, everything in the fridge was either rotten, looted, or one of those weird treats only people that have gross tastes in food like. The only good stuff was a case full of old juice boxes. I don't know whether to call this a coincidence or a setup.

"Ah well, I can't find any fruit out there, i'll just settle with this."

Emolga took the whole pack out of the fridge, shut the door, dragged the pack over to an old wooden couch, and started gulping down the juice. considering they were about half her size each, we all know what's going to happen.

*back to Snivy's captive spot*

The figure holding Snivy captive was... another... Okay wait, am I reading this right? Another Snivy is holding her captive? Oh, ok. The other Snivy had a scar on her face, which seperates the identical traits.

Snivy tried to speak and yell 'what do you want from me, let me go now' but due to some sort of muzzle around her mouth, she could only make muffled screams out of her voice.

"Save your breath. I'll tell you everything." Her green counterpart said. "I am known as Madame Sni."

We'll just call her S for short.

"I'm sure you want to know why you're here, and why I have the interest to hold you captive."

Or she wants to know why she was actually given a name, despite us only knowing she could be a wild pokemon.

"Well, i'll tell you. I happen to be more professional in charisma than others of our species. I use this to my advantage, since I happen to have an obsession with seductive fetishes."

I'm not even sure if that's a real-

"SHUT UP!"

Fine! Jeez, some pokemon...

"As I was saying, I've been paying goo amounts of money to other pokemon to satisfy my desires. Unfortunately, I can't find many competent pokemon. However, after the incident with my last employee Zorua, I've learned something. Why have someone else satisfy you when you can do it yourself?"

Pff, right. That isn't weird at all.

"WILL YOU SHUT IT!? Ahem, so i'm going to go over an get my fair share of satisfaction from your friends at your shelter. But first, I might as well get some satisfaction from you."

S then proceeded to extend her vines and spread Snivy's legs apart, and then gently stroked her finger along the outline of Snivy's now exposed vagina. Snivy's face was now glowing a strong shade of crimson as she tried to fight the... 'calming' some may call it, pleasure she was feeling. S continued to move her finger closer in and Snivy's body was going straight up against her in every single way possible. Okay, well at least to the point where she was unwillingly making muffled moans and her clit was now revealed. Only making it worse was Snivy's bladder in the 'on your side when you really don't want it on your side' deal, where it was just jolting her, reminding her this was just making her need worse.

Snivy still tried to resist the filthy part of her mind give her over, struggling to break loose an close her legs. It didn't work too well, if at all since S had a good grip on her. After a few minutes of slit stroking and clit rubbing, S finally decided to give Snivy some mercy (or not mercy, depends on how you portray it) and stop harassing her.

"Well, I think you've had your fair share of fun. I'm going to find your furry female friend and give her some enjoyment. Toodaloo."

S then strolled off, but not before soaking some of Snivy's juices onto her finger and rubbing it on her scar. The juices covered the marking so well, you can't even tell the smear is there in the first place. Or the scar.

An of course because she's an asshole, she left Snivy strapped to the tree and still really desperate for a leak. She squirmed and pressed her twig- ish legs together as close as she could (seriously how can she balance on those) in an attempt to keep her fluids from leaving. She still had no idea how to escape, and didn't want to risk someone seeing her urine puddle and putting two and two together. She forced herself hard to try and keep it in, hoping eventually someone would come for her.

*back at the house*

Alright, i'm sure you remember we had Emolga gulp down a case full of old juice boxes. Well, we all know when liquid goes in, it has to go somewhere. And around these parts, we use that to satisfy our own filthy desires. I have probably insulted hundreds of people by saying that. So we have Emolga squirming around on a wooden couch, made without any cushions or anything, just plain wood. Talk about low quality.

Emolga was trying to relax on the couch, maybe take a little nap, but her bladder was giving her a lot of discomfort. She was still trying to ignore it, but her muscles eventually managed to win her over. 'Okay, fine, i'll go.' She thought to herself. She prepped herself up an got ready to hop off the couch.

It was coincidentally at this moment that S just happened to be wandering in. Of course, since she covered her scar with Snivy's juices, Emolga just assumed it was the Snivy she knew.

"Hi there Emolga, you have a minute?" S asked nicely.

"Uh, sorry Snivy, I really need to-"

"Great, have a seat!"

What, you thought S would let her leave just like that?

Emolga, knowing this isn't going in her favor any time soon, just decided to sit down and hold it in through the power of will. Although we know that doesn't help much. So S started up a small conversation with Emolga, keeping it up as much as she coul to stall Emolga from doing what she neede. Speaking of which, Emolga was squirming in place, squeezing her legs together from time to time, waiting for the moment when she could do her thing.

"So, Emolga." S said, passionately. "How did you feel when we were held captive by that Zorua a while back?"

Emolga jumped a bit when she heard that, and her face turned a bright shade of red. "Wh- what makes you want to ask?"

"Well, I was just wondering how you felt about being stuck in place, and when your body went flat out against you, letting all your fluids go out down your legs, onto the soft patch of grass."

Emolga cringed at the thought of it. The memory of when she couldn't take it any longer an just let loose on the grass made her bladder jolt her hard, like a di- ok, that's taking it too far.

'That's it, squirm you dirty girl' S thought as she watched Emolga try to contain herself. Emolga heard S breathing and turned her head to look at her. She could see that the juices had run off S's face and the scar was now visible. In a split second, Emolga tried to jump off the couch and make a bolt for it. However, Snivy tend to be fast reactors, so S managed to grab her by the hand before she could land on the ground.

"Uh uh uh, naughty." S then brought herself down to the floor to have her way with Emolga.

"Please... Don't..." Emolga whimpered, knowing what was going to come next.

Well, you know what made me think this up, you know what happens next. But for those of you that don't, S held Emolga up by her hands with one vine, so she can't fight back, and used the other vine to mess with Emolga's vaginal area. This also doesn't help her problem since she's forced to hold it in with sheer willpower and being sexually harassed doesn't exactly make things better.

"Somebody... help..."

*back to Snivy's captive spot (again)*

Alright, it's been, i'd say an hour since S left Snivy strapped to that tree. She was still stuck, still red from the harassment, and still really desperate. She made no progress in escaping, and nobody has come for her in the hour she was there. After trying to squirm around for another attempt to slide out, her bladder hit her harder than she could handle and forced a spurt of urine out of her. She squealed and pressed hard to try and contain herself, but it was clear the odds were against her. Strong spurts began to involuntarily make their way out of Snivy's crotch, making her muscles begin to weaken in the process.

"Snivy, you here?"

Snivy looked towards the voice and saw Pikachu running to her captive area. Her excitement was short lived as her bladder once again jolted her hard. All she could do was pray that she could get out in time before the inevitable happens. She tried to call out for Pikachu, butt again, the muzzle around her mouth only let her give out a suppressed 'mmph'. Once Pikachu finally got there, he tried to get Snivy loose.

"Who did this to you!?" He said, determined to get revenge on whoever did this. Snivy only gave him the 'you're kidding, right?' look, seeing as he didn't even bother to remove the muzzle before asking. Of course, karma takes it's turn and Snivy's bladder jolts her harder, forcing out a jet of urine. Snivy tried hard to try and control herself, but her karma trip went over, and she was fighting a battle that was practically lost. Once Pikachu got Snivy down, she fell to her knees, let out an ecstatically relieved cry, and let out her bladder's contents into the soil beneath her. The stream went on for your casual two minutes before it finally died down and Snivy could regain mobility of her legs.

She embarrassingly looked over at Pikachu, expecting him to be staring bug eyed, but in her luck, he happened to get himself tied up in the rope that was holding her to the tree, giving her enough time to do her thing and sneak back to the house without him knowing. Yeah, honestly kind of a dick move on her part.

*back at the house (again)*

Emolga was still getting harassed by S, and it was making her situation worse as well. Saame situation with Snivy, where her bladder was involuntarily leaking drops of urine and such, but Emolga can't close her legs since S is playing with her... thing.

Emolga tried hard to bare down her urine buildup and pleasure to what S was doing, but the way the vine was rubbing Emolga's slit was in such a delicate way that her muscles were weakening quickly. Soon it went from little drops to spurts dripping down the vine.

"Hehehe, you really like this. Enough to make you pee." S taunted in her usual flirty tone.

Soon Emolga started salivating at the mouth, and began crying out of the painful pressure. And it was at this moment when S got slammed to the ground by a VERY pissed off Snivy. After getting hit, S release her grip on Emolga, causing her to collapse face first on the ground, and her whole body went limp as she finally lost it. Her urine jetted out onto the floor behind her rump, an she was just weeping out of pain, embarrassment, and relief. Same thing with Snivy, with the two minute continuism.

As for Snivy and S, Snivy repeatedly slammed S's head into various walls until dragging her to the fridge and slamming the door into S's head. The collision resulted in the casual skull crushing blood splatter thing it always goes to. Snivy finally calmed down after that, and went over to Emolga still weeping on the ground. Snivy pulled her up to her knees, and Emolga burst into tears, while Snivy let her cry in her chest.

"W- why...?" Emolga stuttered.

Snivy attempted to ask what she meant by that, but she forgot the muzzle. So she took it off. "What do you mean?" She asked.

"W- why d-d-did you help me?" She sniffled. "I thought yo-ou just saw me... as a di- disgrace..."

Snivy shushed her before she could finish. "It's because you're my friend. And because... you took the chance to change."

It's true, Emolga hasn't gone and asked any of the guys to do anything for her in a long while. Okay, a month, but still counts!

Emolga only let out a weak smile, and Snivy put her up on the couch so she could give her some more comfort.

*out at the window*

"They not actually going to do it, right?" Tepig asked, giving the 'oh my god, really' look.

Oshawott sighed. "Is the earth flat?"

END

###

Well, that took way longer than expected. I don't even think it turned out so well.

Oshawott: Well, you kinda suck at writing desperation stories with sex.

Tepig: And you only had me and Oshawott in there so you could make a one piece reference and a "they're gonna do it" joke.

Well, at least I tried, and that's all that matters! Right Pikachu?

Mimikyu: Yeah. You tried.

... WHO ARE YOU, WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY HOUSE, AND WHERE'S PIKACHU!?

Leave opinions saying if I did good or if it sucks.

