Long Distance (Bree & Tam #4)

Author: Weasel

*000*2021-07-14 17:59

Hey, y'all! Here's Part 4. I'm taking pity on you and giving you the entire chapter all in a rush instead of letting it dribble out a bit at a time (see what I did there?)

This is still fundamentally a love story more than an omo story, but there's more holding and more sex this time! -- despite the fact that Tam's in Boston and Bree's in Wisconsin. They're smart kids, they'll figure it out. Enjoy!

###

Bree wasn’t even off the plane before she texted Tam the first time.

She hadn’t been home three hours before she called him the first time.

And after working out which platform to use, she hadn’t been home a full day before she saw his face again, on her phone screen. They settled on Skype, mostly by process of elimination, and from then on they talked most every day.

But they couldn’t talk nonstop, the way Bree yearned for. After all, they both had lives. Bree, in particular, had her family.

Her parents were delighted to have her home. They were a little startled with the amount of time she was spending on her phone, however, and tried to pull her back into family activities. They were perplexed when Bree dug in her heels at joining family game nights or jigsaw puzzles, and they were a little troubled when Bree slept through church services because she’d stayed up late on Saturday night talking with Tam, and they were downright alarmed when Bree occasionally burst into tears, from their perspective without apparent cause, when they tried to get her to put her phone down and pay attention to something else. The word “addiction” began to appear in their comments, and they began to get a little more forceful in their insistence that Bree join in the family’s fun.

In all this Bree had an unexpected ally: her sister, Allison.

Alli was seventeen, and in many ways Bree’s opposite: shorter, much more girly, a little more curvy—clearly taking after their mother much more than their father, the way Bree had. They had rather little in common, at least in main interests.

But it was Alli who poked her head into Bree’s room after one tearful outburst and said, without preamble, “Boy trouble?”

“Mmmhmm.”

“What’s the trouble?”

“About two thousand miles.”

And Allison had just nodded and left Bree alone after that. She also quietly took Bree’s side in the arguments from there on out. She wasn’t doing this entirely out of sisterly love—she had a boy of her own, and if she got Mom and Dad off Bree’s back, then she could justly demand more time with her boy in turn. But Bree was grateful anyway, as much for the immediate understanding as anything else. And it was Alli who finally said, “Oh, for crying out loud, papa, have you asked Bree why she’s always on her phone?” Which didn’t make a dent in the moment, their father wasn’t one to to turn on a dime. Their mother was much more fluid. But it was Papa who came knocking at Bree’s door and asked quietly, “May I come in?”

“Sure.”

“Your sister suggested that I talk to you about why you’re always on your phone. She suggested that I ask, uh—who you’re talking to. And, well, the way she made it sound… it made me think you’ve met someone special.”

“He’s pretty special, yeah.”

“But he’s a long way off?”

“Boston.”

Papa nodded. “Well. I have to say, I can understand that. You know I met your mother before I went into the service, and I literally arm-wrestled another guy in my platoon for time on Skype to call her. If we’d had smart phones back then, I expect I would have been much the same.” He turned to go, but paused. “Does he have a name?”

“Tam.”

“Huh.”

“It’s a nickname.”

“Ah. And is he… uh…”

“Papa, he is an absolute gentleman. A Wilderness First Responder. And great with kids.” And achingly hot.

Her father smiled. “Well, in that case…!”

And the next time their mother had raised the phone use issue, their father had said, “Aw, she’s got her reasons, give it a rest” (much to their mother’s dismay), and later that night Bree had given Alli the biggest hug they’d shared in years.

###

So this was in the background the next time Bree and Tam had a chance to talk—really talk.

It had been hard to get privacy. Bree had her own room, but sound carried in their house. It had also been hard to bring up certain subjects in general, and the possibility of her parents or sister overhearing had made Bree even more paranoid. But today both her parents were out of the house all morning, and Allison was still asleep.

And Bree hadn’t peed yet that morning (it was only 8:30 in Madison), and that was having its usual effect on her horniness.

So Bree called Tam up and was a bit emboldened to say, “Tam, cutie, can we talk about something?”

“Sure. What’s up?”

Ummm…”

“It’s about sex, isn’t it.”

“How—? Oh. I’m blushing, aren’t I.”

“It’s kind of a giveaway with you. What’s up?”

“Tam—I am so horny.”

He grinned. “I can relate.”

“How do you deal with it?”

“Honest answer?”

“Please.”

“I jack off a lot.”

“I do too. I mean, whatever you call it for girls. But I want you, Tam.”

“Soon.”

“Tam…” she swallowed. “I want you right now, not ‘soon’.”

He ran his fingers through his hair. “Uh, yeah. I get that. To be honest—even more honest, I guess—I usually jack off pretty soon after we hang up.”

“It’s just not the same.”

“No.”

“What are we gonna do?”

“Eventually? We’ll do each other. Right now? Well—what are your boundaries online?”

“Getting lower, this morning.”

Tam cocked his head (why had that particular phrasing occurred to her…) and said, “That’s, uh, interesting. But not exactly what I asked. For example: I’d be fine with you seeing me naked. And maybe even with you watching me jack off.”

“Um.” She thought about it. She thought about what she was wearing: her usual in-country sleep wear, which was just an oversized t-shirt that hung down to her knees (over her panties, of course). It wasn’t a particularly attractive t-shirt, a sort of faded lavender. Take it off? She also thought about being filmed.

“I’m having my usual ‘Good Girl’ vs. ‘GGG’ tussle right now,” she said.

“Plus doing anything on camera is a whole next level up. You’ll notice I haven’t asked you to send nudes.”

“Oh, I trust you, Tam…”

“Yeah, but even if I don’t go spreading them around, there are ways pics can get out. Or video.”

She nodded. “Okay. So I’m not comfortable being naked on camera. And I wouldn’t ask you to do anything I wasn’t comfortable with.”

“Fair enough.”

“But I will do this…” she said. “I wanna put on something prettier for you, and I’ll let you watch me change.”

“Oooh.”

She propped up her phone on her desk and pointed it at her closet. Then she walked over and turned back to face Tam. “Can you still see me?”

“Mostly. A little to the left?”

Angles worked out, she opened her closet and picked out a nice sundress. (Okay, her only nice sundress.) Then she turned so her back was to the camera, and pulled off her old t-shirt.

She heard, even through Skype, his intake of breath. She couldn’t see him without turning around, but she turned her head to hear him better. “Like what you see?” she said.

“Bree…”

Speechless, huh? That’ll do nicely. She grinned—and she knew he’d be able to see that. Rather than put her sundress on yet, she held the pose, ran her fingers through her hair a few times, then slowly pulled the dress over her head and straightened her hair again. Finally she turned back to him and sat down. And if he could see how hard her nipples were, between her need to pee and her horniness and her delight at turning him on… well, that was just fine. She grinned again. “Cat got your tongue, cutie?”

“Whew,” Tam said. “That was… Bree, I think I wanna fuck your back, and that’s not even anatomically possible.”

She giggled.

“But it’s a good thing the cat doesn’t have my tongue, because I can think of some uses for it right about now.”

The giggle continued, though it was shading into a gasp. “Just keep talking, that’s fine for now.”

So he did. And they had fallen in love all over again, and Bree had mentally taken both their clothes off at least five times, when a sudden urgency hit her.

“Hey, cutie, I’m sorry, but I gotta go.”

“I thought we had all morning…”

“Oh! No, sorry, I meant I gotta go pee.”

“Hah. No wonder you’ve been so turned on today.”

She rolled her eyes at herself and grinned sheepishly. “Yeah. But I can’t wait anymore. Can you stay on the call? I’ll be back in a flash.”

“Of course.”

Bree jumped up and went to the door of her room. But just as her hand touched the doorknob, she heard an alarming noise: the bathroom door. Uh-oh.

She looked out anyway. Yes indeed—Allison’s door was now open, and the bathroom door was closed.

Bree’s room was right next to the bathroom. It was, she’d discovered to her embarrassment some time ago, easy to hear anything in there. Yes, that was Allison having her morning pee… this sent a flood of urgency through her. She instinctively grabbed her crotch to avoid sending a flood of pee through her panties and her nice dress.

She turned back to the phone.

“That was a flash,” Tam said.

“I couldn’t go, Allison’s in there,” Bree said softly. (She’d never been sure how well hearing-through-the-bathroom-wall worked in reverse. Probably pretty well.)

“Whoops.”

“I know.”

“Well, she should be out in a minute.”

Just then the shower started running. “You had to say it,” Bree said.

“What?”

“She just got in the shower. And on weekends, Allison showers a long time.”

“How long?”

“Depends on how long my parents put up with it. After a while they yell at her. And they aren’t home…”

“So we’re in unknown territory, huh?”

Bree nodded ruefully. “Keep talking. Take my mind off it.”

“So—should we go back to talking about sex? Because I know those two are connected in your head.” He made a perplexed face. “And now they’re connected in mine, too. Not something I ever expected…”

“I’m sorry I’m so weird.”

“Why are you apologizing?”

“Um…”

“I am apparently extremely aroused by backs. Or at least by yours. Can’t exactly go pointing fingers here. And I wouldn’t even if I could. You do you, lover.”

She melted a bit. “Oh. Say ‘lover’ again.”

“Sure thing, lover.”

Sweet-talking got them through the next few minutes. But Bree could only keep up the facade for so long. “Shit.”

“Oh, do you need to do that too?”

“Don’t make me laugh right now, Tam,” Bree said. “I really, really gotta go.”

“Well, it was a serious logistical question,” Tam said. “I’m trying to think of places you could go, and if you need #2, then that’s a different hurdle.”

“You’re trying to help me? From two thousand miles away?”

He shrugged. “You’re activating all my chivalry circuits, Bree. I don’t want you suffering.”

“Not suffering at the moment,” she said, gazing him in pure adoration. Indeed, his being such a gentleman had dialed up her arousal. The two sensations really did play off each other, after all. She slipped a hand up her sundress—partly to clutch herself, partly to touch herself. She checked to see if he could see her hand; he couldn’t.

But her eyes betrayed her. He looked more closely. “You really are getting turned on, aren’t you?”

“Can’t help it,” she said. “You’re just so awesome. And hot. And it was your idea, anyway.”

“Huh?”

“I’m doing me.”

He looked more closely still. “You really are, aren’t you?”

Her breath was starting come a little quicker. “Uh-huh.” She checked her image. Nothing below her breasts was really visible, but that was enough—her mouth had fallen a little open, her eyes were a little closed, and her nipples… well, if they got any harder, they’d probably rip right through her thin dress.

“If I were there right now,” Tam began quietly.

“Uh-huh?” she panted.

He told her.

The waves of pleasure were beginning to creep through her. Despite all Tam’s increasingly-explicit words, she kept an ear out for Allison in the shower. And then, perhaps because she now had a bit of an association between showers and sex, she suddenly wondered why Allison always took so long in the shower. They had a detachable showerhead, after all…

The thought of her little sister getting herself off wasn’t a welcome thought. But the idea of putting a lot of warm water on her own clit right now… or, better yet, having Tam do it for her… while she needed, so desperately, to piss out all the warm water she was holding…

“Oh my god,” she whispered. “Oh, god…”

Tam’s voice was now off in some entirely other fantasy. She was barely even listening. But hearing him, even through Skype—knowing that he was watching her—it was enough.

She covered her mouth with her free hand, to keep from screaming, and then gently laid her head down on her desk as the waves crashed over and around and through.

“Bree?”

“Still here,” she said, head still down. “I’m listening.”

“That was pretty hot. And adorable.”

“I don’t usually hear those words together.”

“They go together well with you.”

Realization slowly grew that she’d just gotten herself off on camera. Even if she hadn’t been naked, even if no one had seen anything… well, it would still be pretty obvious what she’d been up to.

“Oh my god, I just did that.”

“Don’t worry about it,” Tam said. “And for the record, when you say ‘Oh my god’ because you’re coming is much hotter than when you say it when you’re worried. Don’t ever worry about anything.”

“Well, I still need to pee. Like, really badly.”

“Allison’s still not out?”

“Nope.” Now that her orgasm had passed, Bree was starting to squirm quite uncomfortably in her seat.

“Where else could you go?”

“I don’t know! I’ve been trying to think.”

“I’ve known guys, and at least a couple girls, who would pee in a sink if they had to.”

“Ew. No.”

“How about going outside? You do that a lot.”

“Our neighbors would see me.”

“So what you need to do is get a container of some kind. A jar or something. Something you can wash.”

“You’re so smart.” She jumped up again and ran to the kitchen, where there were some spare canning jars. She was so desperate now that she held herself the whole way there and back to her room, pressing on her hole right through the sundress. After all, mama and papa are gone, and I know where Allison is.

But just as she got back to her room, she heard another problematic noise: Allison turned off the water.

“Allison’s out,” she whispered to Tam.

“Why are we whispering?”

“Because my room is right next to the bathroom. I don’t know how well she can hear.”

“You got the jar?”

“Yeah, but I can’t pee in it now! She might hear me!” Bree bent over, cross-legged. She realized that Tam might be able to see down her dress. Then she remembered she didn’t care. But shortly she had to straighten up and keep moving. She walked in a tight circle, to stay visible, but clutched herself openly.

“Can you hold it until she gets out of the bathroom?”

“She usually does her makeup next. Takes forever.”

“Maybe it’s time to knock?”

“No. I owe her.” And she reminded him why.

“Fair enough. But then what else can you do? Do you have a towel or something?”

Just then her bare toes struck her oversized sleeping t-shirt. “No, but I have this!” She scooped the shirt up and held it up for him to see. “And Alli won’t be able to hear any splattering…”

She sat on the edge of her desk chair, so he could see her from the waist up. She hiked up the hem of her sundress, up and out of the way, then slipped out of her panties (a little damp from all the activity so far today). She nearly dribbled a little right then and there.

“Bree, are you peeing on camera?”

“Yes,” Bree said, wadding up the t-shirt. Everything she was holding wanted to make a break for it… “I can’t hold it any more.”

“Just pointing out we’re on Skype, that’s all.”

It hadn’t even occurred to her, until that moment, that she could have turned off the camera or stepped out of view. Apparently she wanted him to see her. But that made sense. And besides—

“Too late now,” she whispered. “I’m going.”

It was a long, long pee. The last time she’d gone had been the night before, after all. And it couldn’t all squeeze out at once, since she was holding the cotton fabric tight against her crotch. And she usually took a while anyway. Gradually the pressure she’d been holding back eased off. She let out a proportionately long sigh.

“Looks like you really needed that,” Tam commented quietly.

“I really did. Since yesterday, remember?”

“That was pretty cute and pretty hot too, hon.”

“Gave you a lot to think about, huh?”

“You mean for jacking off?”

“Mmmhmm.”

“That you did.”

“Then it’s your turn. You saw me come, it’s only fair.”

“Um… I wish you’d mentioned it earlier. That opportunity sorta… came and went.”

She laughed at the wordplay, then fixed him with a mock glare.

“Not my fault!” he said. “I told you, you’re pretty hot.”

“Well, you owe me.”

“If you’ll help…”

“I think we can arrange that.”

###

A few days later, something quite exciting turned up in the mail for Bree: her paycheck.

“OMG, that’s more than I expected,” Bree told Tam.

“Remember we got paid for that first week of training.”

“Now I can buy tickets to visit you!”

And they immediately fell to planning.

“I’m assuming you want to come here to Boston…”

“School starts after Labor Day, so we’ve got a little time…”

Reality started to creep in. Bree had been planning at starting at community college that fall, which gave them a hard deadline for her being home… but also reminded her that she couldn’t just spend all her money visiting Tam. So on the one hand she needed to buy tickets right away, but also needed them fairly cheap. Plane tickets were quickly ruled out. There weren’t any train tickets left at a price Bree was comfortable with. That left the bus. It meant days traveling, and that meant they needed to fill almost every available day before Bree started school. But it would buy them six days with each other.

Suddenly they knew when they’d see each other, and it was only ten days away. (Several of which Bree was going to spend on a bus. This was less exciting.)

“This calls for a celebration,” Bree said.

“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?”

“I’m thinking that I wanna call in what you owe me.”

“Yup. But I’ll need your help.”

“What do you want me to do?”

“Hmm. Something sexy but that doesn’t involve you naked on camera…”

“I could wear my bikini.”

“That sounds good. But I was hoping for more than that. You were so cute getting yourself off last time.”

“I can do that again, sure! But not right now.”

“Tonight?”

“Better tomorrow morning, before anyone else is awake.”

They chose their time and signed off for the night. And Bree spent the rest of the day on fire with anticipation. She thought about skipping her bedtime pee, but decided she didn’t dare. Instead she drank a little extra right before bed, left her blinds partially open, and didn’t wear any underwear to bed.

The next morning—Saturday morning—she woke up with the sun streaming in through those blinds. Much earlier than usual for her, at least not when she was out on the trail. She’d be tired later in the day, but it was worth it—her family, especially Allison, wouldn’t be up for at least an hour, more likely two. But she was awake and raring to go—in both of the ways she wanted. Her dreams had been about trying to find a bathroom, and it was obvious why. She hadn’t been awake thirty seconds before her hand found her crotch.

She texted Tam right away with her other hand. A few minutes went by in delightful agony. She texted him again.

Ready for you cutie. Where are you?

A few moments later she got a reply. Sorry grabbing breakfast. 5min?

Can’t wait much longer than that or you’ll miss the whole show

The next seven minutes—and yes, she was counting each one—dragged by slowly. She sat up and brushed her hair a bit, but then lay back down. She squeezed her hand and her bladder between her legs and wiggled a bit. And rubbed a bit.

Finally, Tam called her on Skype.

“Hey lover,” he breathed. “Wait, why are you sideways…?”

“I haven’t gotten up yet,” she said. “I texted you almost first thing.”

“I feel special.”

“You should.” She yawned. “Sorry. Still sleepy.”

“Yeah, it’s gotta be early there. Want to wait a bit?”

“No way.” She smiled. “I’m sleepy, but it’s sexy sleepy. Like, I want you to wake me up with kisses all over my body.”

“I’ll do exactly that pretty soon.”

“And I want you to make love to me before we even get out of bed.”

“Definitely on my list, too.”

“Gotta pee really bad, but that’s actually helping.”

“Mmmhmm.”

“And… um… I’m already doing myself. So you should do that too.”

He grinned. “Can I see?”

She thought about it, and decided there wasn’t much he would be able to see—so that would be fine to show him. She threw back her sheets and held her phone at an angle so he could see what she was wearing and doing. Specifically, she had on another one of her oversized t-shirts. Not quite so oversized, though. And thin. And white. It barely covered her. As to what she was doing: she still had her hand between her legs. It definitely looked like she was holding herself because she had to pee. Only a close look would have noticed her finger was moving. She moved the phone a tad bit closer so he could get that close look, then quickly brought the camera back to her face.

“Whew,” Tam said.

“Let me see you,” she said. So far he’d only kept his camera focused on his face.

He held his phone at arm’s length to show that he had on a pair of old boxers, and that was it.

“Mmmmmmm.” Her finger went a little quicker. She felt wetness, and double-checked. Thank god, it’s the right kind of wet.

“So this? This is what you’re doing for me,” Tam said, gesturing at his groin. There was a bit of a bulge there, yes. “Do you want a close-up?”

“For a bit. And I wanna see you… do yourself. Jack off. How you do it, I mean. But I mostly wanna watch your face.”

He grinned and “zoomed in.” His fingers ran the length of that bulge, and it grew noticeably bigger. A moment or two later, and he slid out his hard-on. “As requested,” he said, and curled his fingers around his still-growing erection.

“Do you always grab that tightly?” she asked.

“Not always. In fact—” his grip visibly relaxed “—it’s usually better prep if I don’t.”

“Prep for what?”

“You.”

That sent shivers through her. And, a moment later, a finger into her. Her finger made a bad substitute for what she was seeing on the screen, but it was better than nothing. She tried to imagine what it would be like—what it was going to be like. Very soon. In just nine days, that was going to be hers, all hers…

Involuntarily, the memory of her first time having sex popped into her head. Okay, she hadn’t seen much—they’d been fumbling around in the back seat of Robert’s car. But that was the last time she’d felt a penis between her legs. The feeling of him pushing into her, in retrospect much too soon for her vagina to be happy about it…

“Tam? Let me see your face, please?”

He gave her a close-up.

“Thanks.” She thought about explaining, then decided to just bury the memory in better dreams.

“Still with me?” Tam asked.

“Uh-huh! Why’d you ask?”

“You got a little distant, there. Just for a second.”

That made her realize that he could pick up on her facial expression so well because that’s all she was showing him. She sat up, propped her phone against the bedside lamp, and then re-positioned herself a bit, on her knees. The movement led to some sloshing in her bladder, and she thrust her hand back into her crotch, the hem of her shirt bunched up in her fist. This had the natural effect of pulling the rest of her thin white t-shirt taut against her body.

“Wow!” Tam whispered.

“I really gotta go,” Bree replied.

“Looks you really gotta come, too,” Tam said. “Your nipples…”

She glanced at the small image of herself in the Skype window. That just showed her hair was messed up, and she brushed it back with her free hand. Then she looked down and blushed: her nipples were clear as day, dark underneath the white, cutting through the fabric with their hardness. And that, naturally, felt incredibly nice. Somehow she got even wetter. Without her even thinking about it, her fingers began rubbing her clit again. “Is that good?” she asked.

“You could stay just like that, and it would do fine for me,” Tam said. He was breathing much faster now. And clearly stroking himself faster, too. She asked for a sneak peek, and he gave her one. He looked quite hard indeed.

She would have stayed there, as he’d suggested—but she just couldn’t hold still. She was slowly building towards a climax, that was sure, but she was also increasingly bursting. For both reasons she said, “Sorry, lover, but I gotta stand up.”

“Do what you need to do.”

She propped up her phone, got out of bed for the first time that day, and started dancing. Not formal dancing in any way. Just dancing-like-nobody-but-Tam-was-watching dancing. Pee dancing. And also a little bit of teasing, since if her shirt barely covered her crotch, it was even less able to cover her butt. She made sure to pull the shirt down on whatever side of her was facing the camera, but that usually meant it rode up a bit everywhere else. So whenever it was taut over her left hip, it was obviously slipping up on her left. And when she had to bend over to hold back the pee for a moment, her butt was obviously, but not visibly, totally bare.

“My god, Bree… I can’t last much longer, but I don’t want this to stop…”

“I can’t last much longer, either. I gotta go so bad. And… um… I am getting so turned on…”

Then she made a mistake. She tried to do the sexy-flexible thing and stretch out. Even if her shirt rode up her butt for a second, the camera wouldn’t see much. But as she put one leg up on her bed, she spurted. Drops of her pee pattered onto her hardwood floor. Shit! She blushed beet red—and she heard Tam groan.

“Are you coming?” she said.

“Uh-huh… right… now…”

She whirled to face the camera—jamming a hand between her legs as she did. The look on Tam’s face was priceless. Kinda hilarious, too. But absolutely cute, and absolutely priceless. She giggled, which sent another spasm through her. She managed to fight it back before it became a squirt, but only just.

“Gotta say, wasn’t expecting that,” Tam said, still breathing hard.

“Oh, sorry!”

“For what? Oh, for laughing? Nah, O-face is always ridiculous.”

“Then what weren’t you expecting?”

“When you peed, just a little—it caught the light from your window. Picture perfect. But that’s what got me off. Kinda surprised at myself.”

“This peeing thing is hot, isn’t it? Weird, but hot?”

“Seems to be.”

“I’m glad you like it. But now I’ve got a problem. I really really really gotta go, and I don’t want to make a mess on my floor. A bigger mess, anyway. But, um—I’m also really really really turned on.”

“Do whatever you need.”

“Well that’s just it, I can’t decide…”

“If I were there,” Tam said slowly, “and you were as turned on as you are now, I’d want to get you off first.”

“Uh-huh…”

“And so I’d take a finger and slide it up your thighs.”

“Like this?”

“Exactly. Then I’d find where you were wet…”

He talked her through it. It was intensely arousing, doing what he told her to do—but to be honest, some of his ideas weren’t working for her. She hesitated, then made some suggestions. He adopted them immediately. Those bumps in the road slowed her down a bit, however. Her body was screaming for both releases, but her climax was playing hard to get. Her bladder, on the other hand, had a much more straightforward path to pleasure. And it took it.

Two big spurts, right past her fingers and down her legs. She gasped.

“I just leaked…”

“Are you peeing?”

“Just about.” That settled things. “I really can’t hold it. So I’m gonna take you into the bathroom with me. But you gotta be real quiet. I don’t want to wake anyone up, or have anyone hear you.”

“My lips are sealed.”

A thought crossed her mind. She grabbed her towel and took it with her. Peeking out, she saw every other bedroom door along the hall was still closed. She slipped into the bathroom and looked for a place to prop up her phone again.

This took another minute. In the end she had to support it with several different items. During this construction project, she felt another spurt make a break for it. A small one, fortunately. But oh god oh god I’m gonna explode!

Getting a thumbs-up from Tam that he could see, she stepped into the shower, still in her almost-big-enough t-shirt, and pulled the translucent curtain shut. She knew that Tam (and the camera) would still be able to see her shape and color, but not much detail. Safe in this, she pulled off the t-shirt and flung it over the top of the curtain rod. Getting naked led immediately to a fourth spurt, and a fifth, as she quickly tied her hair back. The droplets hitting the porcelain of the tub sounded thunderous. She was seconds away from wetting herself. Wait, is it still wetting if I’m naked?

She turned on the water.

Big mistake: it was shockingly cold. More pee burst out of her, uncontrollably—she could tell, because it was warm when all the other liquid pouring over her was not. She jerked back to the far end of the tub, shoving a hand into her crotch to fight back the explosion (Why? What am I waiting for?), realizing as she did that she’d probably stepped out of the camera’s view. Fortunately the pipes weren’t too cold, here in summertime, and the shower warmed up fast. She stepped close again, took the detachable showerhead, held it against her groin…

This time she couldn’t tell which was water and which was pee—it was all deliciously warm. And then her climax roared through her at last. She moaned involuntarily and had to bite her own arm to quiet herself.

When she was finished going—and coming—she washed herself down in a more normal fashion, turned off the water, and peeked out around the shower curtain. Tam grinned. She gave him a questioning look with a thumbs up, and he responded with two thumbs. She grabbed her towel, wrapped it around her, and stepped out of the shower, collecting her phone and her shirt on the way. She was trying hard not to giggle on her way back to her room (fortunately a short trip) but she couldn’t help it, she felt so naughty. And so excellent.

“That was pretty great,” Tam said softly as she propped the phone up on her desk one more time.

“How much could you see?”

“Not a lot of detail. But, um—your nipples are pretty dark, huh?”

She blushed. “Didn’t mean for you to see that. On camera, I mean.”

“I’m not recording.”

“I know.” She fought down the surge of shame and decided to lean into it. “But if you want to start recording now, you can.”

“Really?”

“Really.”

A small red dot appeared with the letters REC, up in the corner.

Holding her towel wrapped around her, she quickly found some clothes for the day and laid them out. Then she backed up to the camera and let the towel drop to her waist. “What can you see now?”

“Most of your back. Nothing else.”

“Perfect.” She dried off, making sure she didn’t get further away from the camera, and then started dressing. Once she had her panties and shorts on, but nothing else, she took two steps away from her desk and started brushing her hair. Then she braided it. Only then did she reach for her bra. This meant she had to turn slightly back towards the camera, so she cupped her left breast as she reached with her other hand. Bra went on. Settling herself into it made her braid bounce across her bare shoulders. Next, her shirt. Then she turned around and put her hands on her hips in accomplishment.

Tam shook his head. “Wow. That was—amazing.”

“I wanted to give you something to remember me by.”

“You have. So much.”

“And soon I’ll give you something else.”

“We’ll give each other a lot.”

“Nine days.”

“Barely any time at all.”

