Lindas first day at uni

Author: wettingplay

*000*2011-04-30 13:18

Linda was 20 years old and it was her first day at university. She was medium height with straight blond hair, which was tied into a cute shoulder length ponytail. She was wearing a beautiful flowery dress with red, yellow and green flowers on a black backdrop. The 2 shoulder straps came together in a V shape connecting just under her c cup breasts. Her black bra was clearly visible underneath the dress. Below her breasts a small corset made the whole dress hug her figure, and the skirt reached just above her knees. Under the skirt she was wearing black knickers.

Linda was standing in front of her front door, looking for her key to her new flat. She had gotten a room in a block of student flats and this was her first night. There had been a cheap booze day at the SU bar for the newly arriving students. It was 01:30 am and Linda had drunk way more than she was used to.

She was looking for her key in her handbag but couldn't seem to find it. She hadn't been able to find the toilet at the bar and was bursting for a wee. To make matters worse her tight corset was putting a lot of pressure on her bladder. She had her legs tightly crossed, and stood, bent forward slightly clenching her thighs together. Finally, she found her key and let herself into the apartment block.

Linda made her way to the main stairwell. It was dark and no-one was around. There was a lift and Linda decided to use it so she could stand still and regain some control of her bladder. She pushed the button to call the lift and kept her legs tightly crossed.

The lift arrived so Linda got in and pushed 5. The lift was really slow and she gave her pee hole a tight squeeze with her fingers. She kept squeezing for several seconds and regained some control. The urge to pee subsided a bit and Linda took the chance to relax her muscles. She drearily stared at her reflection and began to phase out. All she wanted to do now was have a wee and go to bed.

The lift arrived at her floor. As she walked out of the lift an intense urge to pee hit her so she squeezed her pee hole frantically and quickly regained control of herself. She lightly jogged over too her flats front door and got out her key. She was relieved that soon she would be able to pee.

Linda went into the flat and ran to the bathroom door. It was locked and she could hear that the shower was on inside. Her flatmate must have been in there so Linda went to her room and locked her door.

Now that she was in the privacy of her room she grabbed her pee hole with her right hand and squeezed it tight. Linda hobbled over to her bed and proceeded to sit on her heel. She frantically bounced around on her heel trying to get pressure on her pee hole to gain some control. After about five minutes of squirming frantically Linda managed to fight back the urge to pee. She only had the slightest tingle in her bladder. She immediately took the opportunity to relax her muscles, loosen her corset, and lay down on her bed. The shower was still running.

As Linda lay on her bed, looking up at the patterns on her ceiling, she began to get sleepy. Her eyelids became heavy and she slowly closed her eyes. She intently listened out for the bathroom door. The repetitive sound of the shower made Linda even more sleepy and she began to doze off.

Linda suddenly felt an unbearable urge to pee. It was an emergency and she was about to wet herself. She tried to grab her pee hole, but found she could only move very slowly because she was still half asleep. After over a second her hand reached between her legs and she squeezed as hard as she could. This wasn't very hard as all her muscles where very weak from exhaustion and she was at the edge of sleep. Linda listened to the sound of the shower still running.

"Hurry up, I'm nearly wetting myself" Linda thought to herself.

"I'm a big girl now, I've got to hold it" she thought, encouragingly, to herself.

After what seemed like an age the shower finally went quiet. Linda listened intently for the bathroom door, squeezing her thighs together and once again fidgeting frantically. Finally she heard the door open and before she could even think she was in the bathroom. She quickly pulled down her pants and sat on the toilet. A fierce torrent of pee began to come out. The relief was incredible. Linda shut her eyes and couldn't help but let out an exhausted grin.

Linda was sitting in the toilet. She was in the middle of her pee, which was lasting ages, and she tried to open her eyes again. As she did she found herself struggling to stay awake and, forcing her eyes open in an effort to wake herself, she slowly began to emerge from sleepy darkness. She slowly opened her heavy eyelids and began to focus on the ceiling above her. Pee was flooding into her pants and saturating the bed. She wanted to stop it but couldn't. The pee was coming so heavily that it made a loud hissing noise. Linda completely emptied her bladder.

"Mummy" Linda sobbed to herself.

She glanced over at her alarm clock. It was 3:43. There was no noise from the shower. The toilet was free, but it was too late.

"Mummy" Linda sobbed, rolling over into a foetal position and putting her thumb in her mouth.

Linda had always had wetting problems. She was still in nappies until she was 12, and wore them to bed until she was 15. At 15 she switched to pull ups training pants and in the weeks before coming to university she was sure she had potty trained herself. She hadn't wet the bed since 1 or 2 months by that point, and even then it was OK because of her pull ups. Somehow Linda's Mummy always used to know when she was needed. Every time Linda used to wet the bed er mum would be straight in there to reassure her with a cuddle and change her wet pull ups. But Mummy wasn't there any more.

"I've got to be a big Girl" Linda said to herself. She got up and took off her soiled cloths. She changed into a clean pair of panties and took her wet cloths and bedsheets to the washing machine. She started the washing machine, and picked up a roll of paper towels from the kitchen ledge. When she got back to her room she dried the mattress as best she could and used al the paper towels. It was still very damp, but that was the best Linda could do. She put on new bedsheets and wrapped herself in her duvet. The damp from her accident could still be felt, but now it was only as had as a very sweaty night, and she could bare it.

Linda rolled over and pushed her duvet between her legs. Linda then put her thumb back in her mouth, and as she began to suck it, she fell into a deep sleep.

*002*2011-05-01 15:48

Would you like me too?

