Flow of Nature - A small continuation

Author: Wolfie

*000*2011-10-03 06:05

This may very well be my last story, but I hope you enjoy it.

In a forest close to their home, two similar fairies sat down together: Viola, and Alanna. They both were completely naked, just like the fairy that Cyrus saw, while one shared the gift of red hair and the other with blue. They both sat down in front of each other, with their legs tucked in a fold, but spread beside their hips so their vulva could touch the ground.

"Are you sure it will come today?" Viola asks. "I don't feel anything."

"Don't worry, it'll come. The seeds are never late." Alanna reassures.

It was a gift given to all fairies; the seeding ritual of life. During their contact with various plants, they are magically given a seed. This seed is implanted within their vagina, where it grows and develops into maturity. And one day, on the 450th sun, they joyfully give birth to the seed with great amounts of pleasure.

"I only wish Glarial was missing." Alanna laments. "I'm really worried for her. She still has to complete her seed ritual as well!"

"Don't worry sister," Viola reassures. "I'm sure Nissfey will find her."

"Yeah, I hope so." Alanna brightes up. "At least the ritual will give her some pleasure."

Soon a little whimsical look crosses Alanna's face as she looks at Viola. She sticks her little tongue out, before bringing out the question.

"So Viola, are you a bit excited? This is your first seeding birth, and you never really felt it before."

"Oh, you don't know how I feel! I'm both excited and nervous!" She joyfully remarks. "It's... oh!"

Viola quickly touches her pubic area, feeling a quick sweep of pleasure like a bolt of lightening.

"It's comming!" Alanna whimsically calls. "Mine will be soon too!"

Soon Viola felt another bolt of pleasure pass through her private area. And soon another bolt echoed through her vaginal area. And another! Viola couldn't speak anymore; the pleasure was too great! She started rocking from side to side, which increased her feelings even more! It spread from her vulva past her legs, and even up to her breasts! The pleasure was so great that Viola could easily convey it being twice as better than an orgasm. And the pleasure just didn't seem to stop! It seemed to continue on forever and ever!

In truth, only Viola knew a few things about sex and orgasms, because she used to be a human at one stage. She even used to be a boy once, but she had to change gender because all fairies are female. But even though without a partner, Viola still masterbated on her own to just give a little pleasure. It seemed like a natural gift that everyone could engage in. It's easy to say that she never felt any guilt or shame when masterbating, even in front of her fellow fairies.

While within her stream of pleasure, Viola saw that Alanna was within hers as well. Her eyes were closed and her mouth open in pleasure, and she swayed her body from side to side. Soon, Viola also noticed something else: she was grazing her fingers across her body. They began at the top of her body (where her collarbone was), and slowly started sliding down. Viola saw how each finger kinked up a bit as they went over the nipple of her breast. Then they would slowly slide down the edge of her small breasts, before the finger tips dipped into her navel. Viola saw how they drew across the whole slant of her navel - from top to bottom. And once past her navel, they would all slide into the top of her vulva slit, before disappearing inbetween her legs for a little while.

Viola knew she had to try this out as well. She began at the top and copied everything down, but she knew she had to put extra emphasis on her navel. It was a sacred area she always caressed each time she masterbated. But once her finger tips merely touched her breasts, a spark of lightening instantly sparked throughout her entire body. The pleasure was so great that she couldn't see anymore! Her eyes were closed tight, but she could feel her head tilted back as far as it could go. Her indigo-colored hair streamed past her transparent wings and down to her perfectly curved buttocks.

'This is 10 times more pleasent than an orgasm!' she thought with glee.

Soon, Viola starts to feel a spray of urine pass through her pee hole. When did it start? She didn't care. All she could think of was the feeling it gave her uthera and vulva, as it soaked the dirt around her bottom. She could even feel a bit sprinkling back on her vulva, and some even as high as her pubic patch. But she didn't care. She only knew how well a little pee could make her feel.

And then she quickly feels something pass from one vaginal room to another. It must've been the seed. The pleasure started to intensify, and Viola could only concentrate on caressing her navel. Was she still peeing? It didn't matter! Her whole body was pulsing like aftershocks from an earthquake! She quickly leaps up from her spot before twirling around in the air as she gracefully floats to the ground, all the while caressing her entire body.

"Oh my Gaia..." she screamed in joy.

When she landed she started massaging dirt into her body, just to do anything for pleasure! But the waves soon died down, and the pleasure started to slowly fade away. Soon, it was little more than an ordinary orgasm.

Viola looked back to where she and Alanna were sitting, and saw only 2 little saplings around a moist yellow soil. She looked up and actually saw Alanna high up in a tree, rubbing her vulva slightly against the branch.

"Oh Alanna..." She flutters up to her location.

"It's absolutely beautiful, isn't it?" Alanna says as she continues rubbing her vulva. "It's truly a gift from Gaia. The ability to grow plants with so much pleasure."

Viola's mouth could only water when she thought about it. Even her hands that were still around her navel were a sign.

"But I also felt myself pee uncontrolably." Viola curiously added. "I'm a little bit worried, because in the future it might be embaressing."

"Oh don't worry, it's all natural." Alanna reassures. "We don't have control of our lower body when the seed comes out. Our pee is merely part of it, that's all."

"Oh ok." Viola nods, although deep down she still felt a little scared. Peeing was embaressing for a fairy if they saw someone peeking who wasn't a fairy. But as long as they were wishing good luck, they were able to freely do it.

Alanna gives one last rub against the branch - maybe a bit harder than the rest - before taking Viola's hand and floating down to where they began. They could only joke about how their final moments carried them off to various locations. A sub-concious act of pleasure, so they say. But who could argue about it's captivating pleasure?

At the bottm, they could see their previous locations were they began their seeding rituals. There were 2 small little saplings coming from where they sat in front of each other. And below them was a vast yellow patch of soil that was moistened for the seeds. It should give enough water to the saplings until the next rain fall. And after alot of years to come, these little saplings will grow into wonderful trees or plants.

"Look how well they formed!" Alanna points. "Our seeds came out of us so well!"

"Next year, I'll be sure to complete it again!" Viola immediately affirms.

"Aww..."

Alanna affectionately draws Viola close, pressing her breasts and belly-button against hers. Viola gladly follows and wraps both arms around her body, while pressing her wet pubic patch against the starting point of Alanna's slit. Their lips come together in a kiss, as their mouthes open slightly and allow their lips to part a bit. And that was it; they let go and drew away from each other.

Some people never knew, but kissing was only an affectionate custom for a fairy. In reality, It doesn't actually mean they were both in love, but it only is a way of carrying out their affections for each other. After all, a fairy's heart is far bigger than a human heart. They are truely creatures of love.

*003*2011-10-03 23:36

{{: 

In the original Flow of Nature, I do believe "Viola" was "Violet" unless I'm missing something.

}}

Yeah, you're correct. But I changed it because it sounded more like a fairy's name. Or... did she change it herself?

