Desperate / Drunk - Middle Eastern Sisters

Author: watchyoubust

*000*2015-06-03 12:50

It was a freezing cold winters Saturday night, happily playing poker with the lads when at around 10pm I get a phone call from my girlfriend

“Haaloooooooo” she says in a young innocent baby like tone.

“Are you ready to come get me??”

Even though I was up $ 200 and on a good roll and was quiet cozy in my mates air conditioned living room, I did make a promise that same afternoon that I would pick up my girlfriend, her sister and her mum from the city. They were attending some sort of hens night or something, I didn’t really pay close attention to her once she started blabbering on about whos going and where etc.

“You ready now ? Its only 12:30 ?” I asked trying to buy some time

“hahahah yeah I think so, Mums drunk as a skunk and Jess is passing out can you come get us now ?”

Every bit of me wanted to say no, but I couldn’t resist her whining voice and to be honest I quite fancied her younger sister who was a slightly taller, fuller version of my girlfriend.

“Okay hun, I will be there in about 25”

After much heckling and teasing and the questioning of my man hood from my non understanding mates, I was off to the city, hot air conditioning blasting, cranking my Kanye tunes on my upgraded BMW sound system. The city that night was absoulately dreadful in regards to the traffic, there was a massive light affects show playing that night, what was supposed to be a 20 minute drive took almost double. At that moment of realization I get a phone call from my girlfriend

“Babe, where the fuck are you ??”

I couldn’t stand when she talks to me like that, its so degrading and self centered.

With all my might I answered in fake but smiling tone

“Only 5 minutes away Baby” …….gritting my teeth

“Hurry up Jess is passed out !”

After about 5 minutes I was on the street of the club they were supposively at, and in the corner of my eye about 100metres away there they were, 3 of the most sophisticated sexy women I have ever met in my life completely making fools of themselves.

The sister Jess with her head in her lap on the curb, the Mum talking to some teenage boys whilst stumbling all over the place holding her high heels and my lovely bossy, bitchy girlfriend sitting next to her sister providing whatever comfort she could.

“Cmon you classy broads get in !” I playfully shouted

The mum yellng my name out so the whole city could hear, my girlfriend assisting her sister in to my car.

Whilst there were getting into the car I could not help but asses what all the women were wearing, I am a big sucker for womens clothing. The mum wore a black leather dress, so tight it was almost embaressing, the gold zippers at the back clenching on for dear life, red high heels were the choice of footwear.

Whilst Jess the sister wore a white dress which although went down to knee height hugged her body so tightly you could straight see the imprint of her G string which made love to her size 10 ass, this girl was a good 6 foot as well it was quite a site indeed

My girl friend as I like it wore a black leather mini skirt which wrapped so tightly around her ass you could read the brand of her probably silver G String, so short that I am pretty sure when she walked her ass cheeks would pop out all this completed with black high heels and a top that barely kept her tits inside, to be completely honest by girlfriend dressed like a straight out prostitute and to be even more honest. I LOVE IT !

This is where the story gets interesting

Not only did I have 3 beautiful women in the back seat of my car, two single and horny women, that’s right the mum was divorced, not only were they sexy, there were completely drunk acting total fools when God sent something down from heaven. Still looking down in her lap in a slow, drowsy voice Jess the sister groans

Jess: “Maria….!” My girlfriends name

Jess: “I gotta pee”

Maria: “awww its okay we will be home in about 15”

Jess: “No you don’t understand, I gotta pee like right now”

Mum: “Ohhh that makes two of us”

Jess: “Maria im being serious im about piss all over myself”

As soon as I heard this taking place in the backseat of my car, all the hairs on my body stood up, an instant sweat came over my body and its like my ears were tuned in at supersonic level. I could not believe that I had this going on in my own car, right in front of me. Jess sitting in the middle with her face still in her lap, the mum sitting on the right with her head resting on the window sill.

Maria: “Babe can we pull over at the next petrol station so mum and Jess can go to the toilet?”

Me: “Yes ofcourse” I was dying at this point, I probably stuttered all the words that came out of my mouth

Mum: “Paul I am really sorry to say but there is no way I am going to be able to hold on, I am about to fucking burst”

Maria: “Mum are you serious, control yourself: !”

As soon as this was said a loud groan came from within Jess as her head lifted

Jess: “Oh myyy God im so sorry can you please pull over !”

Me: “Okay okay, as soon as we hit a back street I will pull over, we are on the highway right now”

Jess groaned “Don’t even care….!”

Both the mum and the sister Jess continued to beg, moan and groan for the next 2 minutes which to them probably felt like eternity, throwing out threats like “I will piss all over your backseat!” which to me was more of a present than a threat.

Soon enough we finally got to a secluded backstreet, Jess basically crying at this point resting both her hands on her big full bladder wrapped in white material. I pulled up to the curb and as soon as the car was stationary it was like there life depending on it

Mum “Oh god finally, Maria let’s help your sister shes practically wetting herself”

The mum jumped out of the car whilst my girlfriend opened the opposite door on the curb side of the car, from the sound of heels tapping the ground the mum circled around the back of the car with her hand jammed up in between her legs whilst my girlfriend was pulling and dragging her sister from the middle to the edge of the back seat, both mum and Maria struggled in lifting Jess tightly wrapped white dress

Mum: “Jesus how tight is this dress !!”

Both the mum and my girlfriend standing on either side of Jess yanking, pulling her dress up, by the time the dress was half way up her legs just below her ass cheeks Jess gave up, with a screeching drunken voice

Jess: “Im wetting, im fucking wetting !”

At this moment the girls finally got Jess’s dress to pop above her ass showing her glossy red G String, her mum yanking it down to her daughters knees while Jess immediately dropped to a squat which had her ass resting on the the leather of my back seat gushing a torrent of piss out on the curb splashing up against the walkway

Jess pissed a waterfall, all I could see was her head tilted back in my car matched with her rolled back eyes and the sound of something like a super soaker hitting the ground.

Mum: “Ohhh Jess your getting my panties all wet”

Jess’s stream slowed down to a steady flow although every 10 seconds a stronger stream would push out which drive a groan by Jess each time.

Maria: “You poor thing look how much she was busting”

This forced another moan from Jess from the realization of the relief she was getting when all of a sudden the mum decided to end her role of being a spectator

Mum: “Fuck Jess I cant wait any longer”

The mum saying this whilst hiking up her black mini dress up to her waist revealing the sexiest glossy silver G String, I could not believe how fit the mum was, I mean she fit all the characteristics of a southern middle eastern women, the fake tan, the black long hair, she must have worked out, for a second I could have mistaken her for one of her daughters.

As Jess’s stream started to quieten down. The mums stream was at full force and again more southern European moans were coming from the rear left of my car

Mum: “Oh god there was no way I could have held this till I got home”

The mums stream sounding more like a spray compared to her daughters direct hose like sound.

Maria came up to my window in total shock and embaressment

“I am so sorry about this hun, I cant believe these two idiots they have never been able to hold their alcohol well there like two school girls having their first drink!”

Trying to listen to what she was saying but finding extremely hard to not notice what was displayed in my left rear view mirror, a 43 year old light brown ass half covered by a coco chanel black mini skirt with a torrent of piss falling and splashing fom underneath it and in the other corner of the mirror a pair of red high heels with a puddle of piss next to them from our good sister Jess who was now finished and passed out still with her panties to her knees.

The mum finally finished up, the way she lifted her G String back up herself and adjusted her skirt was to die for, all this whilst my girlfriend was lifting her sisters strings back on and pulling her skirt down. With all this going on I felt like a dog on heat, I wanted to pin all three of them down and fuck them on my bonnet. It was by far the best experience of my life one which I will never forget.

I jokingly asked my girlfriend

“You sure you don’t have to go aswell?” to which she replied

“I am actually busting but I can wait till we get home”

I drove off from the scene of the crime looking in the rear view mirror and witnessing what the most beautiful scene in my life two puddles of piss under a street head lamp. Every time I drive in the city I make sure to drive past this street to remember what took place on that night.

