The Sweetest Sadist You`ll Ever Meet

Author: Whisper

*000*2018-12-09 04:09

My girlfriend is the sweetest sadist you'll ever meet.

She figured me out pretty early on and realized that so long as she was moderately kind and gentle about it, she could put me through unspeakable amounts of torment and I would happily comply.

You can see how omorashi and holding became a thing for us.

Last night, we had just gotten home from grocery shopping and since I hadn't gone since before we left, I decided I would do so as we put the groceries away.

"Hm... please don't..." she said, coming up behind me and gently resting her hand on my lower abdomen, "I'd really rather you not. Not for two hours."

It wasn't terribly urgent, and I was completely amenable to a hold, and so acquiesced to her request. I'd had one of the really large cans of Arizona tea over the past hour and could feel a desire to go, but 23 oz is kind of nothing. We went back to putting groceries away and she handed me a 32 oz gatorade with a little smile. We tend to prefer rapid desperation because neither of us wants to devote a whole damn night to a hold (who has that kind of time?)

"Yes, dear," I smiled at her and chugged down about half of it. I could feel it and the tea sloshing in my stomach. We went about our home business until I finished the gatorade and she turned to me and set a hand on my glutted belly.

"Oh! Look at you!"

"Sweety, you *know* that's all mostly in my stomach... hardly any has made it to my-"

She jammed a hand into my lower belly, causing me to draw a sharp breath.

"Lies!" she smirked, then more gently palpated as best she could through my pants. My bladder, while not full was definitely big and firm enough to be palpable. Being a bit of a sadist, it's one of her favorite times as she knows how very sensitive it is, but also that I can easily hold it despite the relative abuse she gives me. We kissed then, and she kept kneading my bladder, sending little waves of urgency through me. I was soaking wet already, and I'm pretty sure she knew it. She likes to have me aching for every type of release by the time we're done.

"Ready to make dinner?" she asked, pulling away from the embrace.

"Sure," I replied, relieved to have her hand withdraw for the time being. My belt put enough pressure on my belly as it was.

From what I gather, I'm a bit quirky when it comes to filling and holding. I can rest at a comfortable 4 for an hour or so, then suddenly something will happen and over the course of the next half hour or so, my bladder fills *rapidly*. Painfully rapidly. She knows this and, being the sweet sadist she is, likes to keep me up and moving and acting normal as long as I possibly can.

She's also a dear because helping me find and increase my absolute maximum capacity is also important to her.

For the time being, though, she was all about my helping her in the kitchen. She would 'accidentally' brush her ass up against my belly from time to time while reaching for things. I knew she was watching me like a hawk. When my movements started getting a bit more frantic, she stopped and pressed her hand against my swollen bladder again, noting its roundness.

"Let me know when you need to stop, ok?"

I nodded, but didn't want to disappoint her. Somehow I got through all the grocery appropriation and we started on meal prep. She noticed me grimace occasionally and rested her hand over my belly, cupping it where it protruded past my hip bones. I know she loves it... it's just often challenging.

I kept shifting my feet and trying to adjust the waistband of my pants up over my aching bladder while I worked. I just wanted to get the house work done and over with so I wouldn't feel bad about laying down. Still, standing made me painfully aware of the steadily increasing size and weight of my bladder. It had started filling pretty quickly and time had started moving quite slowly. I wasn't sure I'd make it the next... oh my got. hour.

Stroking my belly again, she blinked at how hard it had gotten so rapidly and whispered in my ear, "Sweety, why don't you go ahead and open your pants? Give yourself some room?"

I obeyed and it felt almost as good as a piss. At this point she could palm my bladder like a softball and rested her thumb at the curving top of it, which stuck out just beneath my navel. To my mild discomfort, I could still feel the gatorade in my stomach. I had so much more to work through and try to hold.

Within a few minutes, though, the urgency increased. She could hear the shift in my breathing and the urgency with which I was doing everything. I know it turned her on. A gentle, momentary press on my swollen bladder made me grunt and grimace, but we both knew I was well in control and we finished our kitchen work.

"Come lay with me?" she offered. I was so damn happy to have the opportunity to get off my feet. Once I get that full, standing and laying flat are agonizing.

"Lay flat on your back, though. I want to see how big you are," she added. I grimaced again and gingerly layed down on the bed with her. My bulge was pretty impressive already, despite having the waistband of my boxer briefs pressing uncomfortably into it. She wrapped a hand around it and gave it a little jiggle which made me groan. That hurt.

"Ok, sit back up and lean against me? I'll rub your shoulders," she offered. She loves to see how much I *can* hold and when I get to that point is wonderful about distracting me and being gentle but not too gentle with all the sensations that go with an intense hold.

I sat in front of her, trying not to compress my bulging abdomen and she rubbed my shoulders. It felt divine... I could almost forget. Almost... but there were little waves of urgency still. After a while, she let me lay back with my head in her lap and one knee bent a bit to take a little pressure off. She was petting my hair as a distraction, then would now and then run her fingers over my rounding belly, gently stroking it and feeling how incredibly hard it was getting. By then, the bulge had risen to my navel. I have pretty pronounced abs and after my bladder fills like that, it seems to need to expand out the sides and feels compressed by the muscle. Now and then, she would gently rub my swollen belly, just barely touching my skin, not resting much hand weight on it, and it eased the sensation a little. Still, it was a challenge.

"Lay flat again for me?"

"Baby you can see how big my bulge is," I whined. It was impossible not to. I had to piss so damn bad, but I had one job. Only one job. I had to hold it. I was doing my very best but it hurt. Even with a beautiful woman running her fingers through my hair, my rock hard, swollen and sloshing bladder was all I could think of.

"Please?"

I was unable to resist that and somehow supported myself with my abs while she slid out from under my head. I lay back and felt the burning stretch as my body shifted things around to accommodate my massively full bladder.

"Ohhhh wow...." she breathed, running her fingers over the solid curve of it, following the bulge down to where it jutted over my pubic bone and went right up to the edges of my hip bones. My bladder filled my whole pelvis, then had to strain outward and upward. I forced myself to take long, slow, deep breaths and relax my body as much as I could to allow my bladder to expand. I would not disappoint my lady.

"Can I get up now?" I groaned.

"Not yet... I want to tell you how much I appreciate this, love. I never have to push you to hold more or longer, you always do that yourself... I just encourage... Sometimes, though..." she drummed her fingers on the taut skin and I felt the ripples of her touch and clamped down hard.

I was so full that doing a kegel to squeeze shut a little harder felt like it pushed my bladder up and made it stretch. I was running out of room for it.

"Sometimes I wish you weren't so very agreeable and amenable. You behave almost too well," she wrapped her whole hand around my jutting bladder, then gave it a squeeze just to see what I'd do.

I wasn't prepared for that and almost lost it. Already in agony, that was a huge strain.

Her eyes were as wide as mine as she realized how very, very hard my bladder was.

"Please, god, can I piss now?" I moaned, holding myself, feeling like I had to reach around my swollen belly to do so.

"Not yet... not... I kinda want to stroke you... so you get a choice. Handy or piss?"

While I tried to make up my mind, she rubbed my burning, aching, swollen bladder gently, then cupped my crotch in her warm hand and held me a little, putting a little pressure on my struggling sphincters.

I was already almost painfully turned on just from the sensation of being so full, but god damn I wanted to piss.

God damn.

God damn.

"Handy." My privates were traitors and wanted what they wanted, though everything in my whole abdomen was begging either for room or mercy... not that it would see either anytime too soon.

She pulled my briefs down, and a vague ripple of almost relief hit me. I was so hard, her light touch was ecstatic.

...thing is, she also knows that when I cum, I often have to piss soon after, so everything she did was just short of 'enough.'

Just.

I was begging her for release, whichever she would allow me.

I came anyway, a surprise to both of us, and lost a big spurt. endorphins blown, my bladder's burden was suddenly too much and I grioaned, clutching my hard belly.

"May I?"

"yes, love."

I pissed long and hard for her, a full liter.

*003*2018-12-11 07:50

I'm actually single and not sure I want to share this kink with a partner... But it's a nice thought...

