Club 89

Author: Wolf-93

*000*2011-12-28 19:53

My first story here. I really hope you like it! English isn't my first language so if I made any mistakes I would like to hear so! Just for your information, this story is about two lesbian girls. As you might've guessed already, this story contains desperation and wetting. If you squint there is some urolagnia involved in this one.

Club 89

‘’Hi, it’s me.’’

It was early in the morning and I had just been kicked out of a club. For one reason or another somebody bumped into me, spilled all of his beer on his shirt and said it was my fault. That somebody started yelling at me like crazy and that’s when I slammed him in the face.

‘’Hi me, what can I do for you?’’

After hitting him, we got into a fight. Soon they kicked me out, not too long after that the guy I fought with got kicked out as well. He was lead away and I started walking in the other direction. That was the moment I decided to call my girlfriend. My girlfriend, being fifteen years older than me, luckily picked up her phone. Probably she was still in bed, but she knew as well that I would’ve called her sooner or later. I had the bad habit of drinking too much when I went to clubs like these. I mostly ended on the side of the road, calling her to get me back home.

‘’Very funny… Can you pick me up please?’’

I heard some noises on the background. She would climb out of her bed now, put on some clothes and get into her car. I would wait until she would arrive. She would pick me up from the street and carry me to the car. Then she would kiss me, hug me, tell me everything would be okay.

‘’Where are you?’’

When we got home she would run a bath for me and make me drink liters of water. If she didn’t keep me hydrated, I would end up with a terrible hangover. It wouldn’t be the first time if I threw up all over the bed sheets.

‘’I’m near club 89, you know, the one close to the mall.’’

She had to hurry. What I had forgotten in my anger, was that I was heading to the bathroom when that guy bumped into me. My bladder was rapidly filling and all the beer I drank didn’t do any good to that fact.

‘’I’m on my way.’’

She then hung up the phone. Being very tired, I sat down on the pavement and crossed my legs. She better hurried, I really had to pee. It was one of my habits to wait too long before going to the bathroom to pee, so when I actually couldn’t wait to get to a toilet, it was seriously urgent.

Cursing myself for getting into trouble again I looked around to see if there was a place to relieve myself. Sadly enough there wasn’t a place to hide myself behind. I couldn’t just drop my pants and go in the gutter, right? Making sure nobody was around I led my hands towards my crotch and grabbed it. For a brief second it made my need a bit less, but it didn’t take too long before a strong urge hit me again.

I wondered how long it would take before my girlfriend would be here. It would probably take about twenty minutes to get here. That wasn’t a problem, I could wait for another twenty minutes. Sadly enough we also had to get back. I couldn’t wait that long. I really had to figure out something, or else bad things might happen.

By the time my girlfriend arrived, I was sitting on the pavement again with my hands between my legs. My bladder was hurting terribly and I was afraid that when I would get up, I would wet my jeans. My girl parked her car in front of me and got out of the car. She immediately looked worried at me.

‘’Are you just really drunk or is something else going on?’’

With eyes full of tears I looked up at her. I knew that I was almost finished. I had to go so bad. One part of me just wanted to let go, but my pride would be ruined. I couldn’t just wet my pants in front of the one I loved the most.

‘’I have to pee really bad.’’

After revealing my secret, I immediately felt a spurt of pee run into my boxers. Tears started to stream down my face. My loved one reached for me and carefully helped me to stand up. At that moment I knew I had lost the battle. Pee started to run through my boxers and into my jeans. It ran down both of my legs and ran straight into my shoes and on the ground. A puddle started to form beneath me. When it became too much, it started to run into the gutter. It felt warm and I was completely relieved, but soon it became cold and sticky. I felt extremely dirty and I started to sob. My girl said nothing until I was finished peeing.

‘’It doesn’t matter. Come with me so I can take you home.’’

‘’I’ll ruin your car.’’

‘’I don’t care. I love you.’’

She then walked over to me and hugged me. I felt my wet pants cling to hers. She probably had a wet spot on her jeans as well now. While holding on to her, I suddenly felt something warm between my legs. I wasn’t peeing again, was I? I quickly pulled away from her. It was then I noticed that she was the one peeing herself now. I looked up at her with a puzzled look in my eyes. She smiled at me.

‘’I really had to go as well, and since you did it I decided I could do so as well.’’

I remained silent for a while; still a bit in shock about everything that happened. Suddenly my lady lifted me into the car and soon after that I fell asleep on the couch. When I woke up again she was holding me like a toddler against her chest. I felt her boobs against mine. It took a while to realize we were both naked. Carefully she stepped into the shower with me and turned on the tap. I kissed her hair and shoulders. She was so strong and I loved her so much. And I knew she loved me as well, no matter what.

*001*2012-01-28 10:44

I'm thinking about writing more chapters about these two characters. Would there anyone be interested in reading those? :)

*004*2012-01-31 11:37

Great to hear there are people interested! I'm going to start writing on it and as soon as I have several chapters ready, I'll start posting. :)

*005*2012-02-01 10:45

There you go: http://omorashi.org/topic/4140-no-matter-what-a-lesbian-love-story/

:)

