The Gentleman's Dilemma

Author: Weasel

*000*2017-10-07 20:40

Hey, folks! Another Saturday, another Gentleman story!

Two quick notes/warnings:

One, in the last thread, everyone said I shouldn't split the stories up, so I'll still be rocking the Wall O' Text until people say otherwise or until I hit some limit on the site.

Two, one thing people have noticed is that there's not always a ton of desperation content in these stories. That's true. What I'm trying to do is make Parker a real, genuine character, complete with character development and some drama -- not just in terms of "Will she make it?" but "Will they stay together?"

"Character development!" you might say. "In an omo story?" Yup. This is because I'm writing this for the fun of it, and for me, the fun is making a desperation story that is as good as possible. I could have the sexy stuff happen to Parker and skip the extras, but that wouldn't make it feel so real. If you want wall-to-wall bursting bladders, I don't think you'll have to look very far.

Finally, this particular story is near and dear to my heart because it really tackles an issue I've thought a lot about. I am a huge believer in consent. It's what makes this fetish go from being skeezy/sketchy/creepy staring at crotches in bathroom lines to being something sexy and fascinating and often super-sweet and happy. I've been in positions where girls got desperate near me without consent, and it felt awful for me that I would even begin to enjoy it. I've also been in situations where someone got desperate for me, enthusiastically consenting to it, and dang if that didn't feel awesome. So this is a story about Parker starting to get over his guilt and coming to a better place with his fetish, just like I did.

It's also a story where sexy people really need to pee, I promise.

And it's also a story with hedgehogs.

I hope you enjoy it.

~~~~~~

As it happened, Parker found himself avoiding Lara around campus. Whenever he saw her, he flashed back to their night at the observatory, and the mental confusion was too intense. Confusion in multiple ways: the confusion of trying to act casual while fiercely aroused, and the confusion of complicated feelings. He felt like he'd pushed Lara too far, or failed to satisfy her, even if she'd said she was fine with the pee aspects and had forgiven him for coming too fast. Another piece of confusion, however, was that her words about “being the first woman to touch him” raised the issue of his virginity. Remembering Annie and Lara gave him plenty of masturbation fodder for his fetish, and with that temporarily answered, he was all the more focused on something he hadn't yet gotten: actual sex. Penis-in-the-vagina intercourse. And suddenly he wanted it a lot.

But while casual sex on campus was fairly easily come by, especially in the circles that CJ had given Parker access to, Parker realized that he didn't just want the sex. He wanted to be wanted. He wanted a girlfriend... and sex.

Even before his encounter with Lara, he'd started pursuing several other girls: the sophomore redhead in the CS department, an incredibly attractive athlete in his humanities class, the girl down the hall in his dorm. All of this led to absolutely nothing, because the CS girl was actually dating the department's TA, the athlete was only seeing women right now, and the girl down the hall had a boyfriend back home. He'd figured all this out rather belatedly and humiliatingly, or at least that was how it felt. He felt like he had completely scuttled his prospects. And so he resigned himself to ending freshman year still a virgin.

But before it all fell apart, it had led to one thing that was actually kind of cool. The athlete played Ultimate Frisbee, a sport he'd never actually heard of before. Wanting to attract her attention and not trusting his athletic prowess enough to join the team, he'd instead approached the team captain (through CJ) and offered to film the team's games for practice and review reasons. The captain, a stocky guy named Josh, had been rather surprised, and Parker had realized seconds too late that his offer must sound rather strange, and probably reeked of ulterior motives. But the captain, after mulling it for those few seconds, said, “Actually, that sounds pretty useful,” and suddenly Parker had a job. Then, after filming the invitational tournament games, Parker realized the game was actually ridiculously fun, and joined in earnest. Besides, it would get him even closer to Athlete Girl.

Two weeks later, he felt absolutely miserable and a failure, and his prospects with the athlete were now totally shot. But then Josh mentioned how much he appreciated Parker's persistence (and the game film), and added something in passing. “Ultimate must be the most frustrating sport to learn,” he said. “It takes forever to get good at it.”

Something clicked in Parker's head: the only way to be good at anything is to be bad at it first. So he stuck with it. Sometimes he made a fool of himself, but sometimes he made a fool of himself deliberately, and he really was improving.

And then, suddenly, there was Meagan.

Meagan was on the Ultimate team as well. However, she'd sprained her ankle at the practice just before the tournament. She'd come out on crutches to cheer on the team, but Parker had only eyes for Athlete Girl and his job of filming the games, and so while he'd noticed her, he hadn't remembered the connection, since the defining characteristic she'd been displaying at the time was “person on crutches,” not “green-eyed Firefly-quoting girl who had to pee that one time.” And then, due to the sprained ankle, she hadn't been around while Parker started playing. They finally made the connection only once they were both back out on the field. There had been many delighted cries of “Meagan's back!” which might have triggered Parker's memory a bit. But it didn't, quite, and instead Meagan came up to him at the second practice they were both at and said, “Why do I know you?”

This led to a series of possible explanations, starting with the reasonable and quickly diverting into the wildly improbable, including “We're both brainwashed CIA spies,”

“We were separated at birth,” and “We were both hedgehogs in a previous life.” (“How would that even explain it?” Meagan asked. “There are still a lot of hedgehogs.”

“We were really cool hedgehogs.”

“Like, Blues Brothers cool.”

“Right. We were on a mission from Hog.”) During this interlude they did not actually resolve the issue, but agreed that whatever the actual reason was, it probably couldn't top Blues Brothers-level hedgehogs. And then at the end of practice, Meagan walked up to Parker and said, “I know how I know you!”

“How?”

“'I'm starting to find this whole party very uninviting.'”

And suddenly it all made sense, and they laughed so hard that they danced around and hugged each other. Which felt really natural, and pretty cool.

When Parker realized that he had a big crush on Meagan, he was thrilled at the prospect, and also terrified of scaring her away and blowing his chance. So he went all-out on the practice field, and made a point of talking to her every day, and became really intense on the practice field, and then stressed out about not doing well enough, and it could have been very bad if Meagan had not said after just two days of this, “Parker, are you trying to impress me?”

“Um. Yeah.”

“How about you stop?”

He looked absolutely crestfallen about this. She studied his face and then suddenly grinned, which made all her freckles dance. “Just relax, Parker. You're much more fun when you aren't trying to become God of All the Hedgehogs out there. Just be yourself.”

“But Joss Whedon told me to always be myself... unless I suck.”

“Let's start with assuming that you don't suck. Alright? And then we'll see just how much you don't suck. And then we'll go from there. But you don't have to be Hedgehog God in order to not suck. In fact I have a rule against dating gods, anyway.”

“Wait, what?”

“See? You're cute when you figure something out.”

~~~~

Eight days later they were watching a movie together in Parker's dorm room.

Eight days and two hours later they were making out.

Eight days and two and a half hours later Parker started feeling her up. She grabbed his hand and said, “Mmmmmmkay. Let's talk this out.”

“What?”

“Touching me there is not okay without consent.”

“Uh. Sorry. But I thought...”

She raised an eyebrow. “I think you were better off finishing that sentence at 'Sorry,' but go ahead.”

“I thought you wanted me to.”

“But did you ask?”

“Well, no...”

“Lesson the First: Ask.”

“I feel kinda awkward saying 'Can I touch your boobs?'”

“Well, a) don't feel awkward, because there's no harm in asking; b) you're kinda cute when you're awkward, anyway; and c) yeah, it's kinda weird the first few times, isn't it? Nobody in the movies or on TV ever asks permission. But consent is hot. For example: ask me now.”

He folded his hands in a pose of formal supplication. “Meagan, may I touch your boobs?”

“Nope. But you can kiss me again. A lot.”

They made out for another three minutes, and then Meagan said, “Okay. Ask me again.”

“Ask you what again?”

“Ask if you can touch me.”

“May I?”

“Yes. Because—and this is the important part—I really want you to. So. Do you want to?”

“Uh. Yeah.”

“Then touch 'em. Touch 'em both. Just cover 'em with your hands.”

He needed no second bidding.

“You see? So much hotter.”

“Mmmmm. Yes. Yes, I see.”

But a few minutes later he added, “Okay. I get the permission. But... didn't you want me to touch you back at the beginning?”

“Oh, fuck yeah I did. But don't make any assumptions about consent, okay?”

“Got it. Can I take off your shirt?”

“Yes, please. Because I've been wanting that too. And wanting you to ask. And can we take off yours?”

She was freckled all the way down, especially across her shoulders. Down to her waist, at least: no pants came off that night, nor did she stay the night. She kissed him goodnight at the door, though.

~~~~~

The consent thing began to intrigue him.

And then it began to eat at him.

For instance: if he really wanted it... and if Meagan, somehow, said yes... could they do stuff with desperation?

But then he wondered if he should even be thinking of asking. That seemed like a step too far, too much to ask for. Besides, how much of what what appealed to him about desperation was the violation of consent? After all, seeing a girl in such situations was about how she couldn't control her own body. That seemed like a pretty straightforward problem for consent.

He was still thinking about it, in the back of his mind, during their next date, which was just two days later and was rather similar to the first one, only this time it was going out to eat rather than a movie, and afterward they went about as far as they had before. And after the afterward Parker asked her to stay the night, and she said no.

“Could you tell me why? Because getting to touch boobs is awesome, but...”

Meagan hesitated. “Not yet. I will soon, though. And thanks for asking, and thanks for waiting... but not tonight. Sleep well, Parker. See you at practice.” And she kissed him, quickly, on the cheek.

~~~~~~

The next weekend they had a “mini-tournament,” a couple of games against a neighboring school. It was the first tournament Parker and Meagan would play together, and they had been looking forward to it—though Parker had been both nervous, not knowing what was involved in a tournament, and absurdly hopeful, that perhaps the exhilaration of a tournament would get Meagan to stay the night. But he had decided he wouldn't ask for it.

One thing that made perfect sense, however, was that Parker would ride to the tournament in Meagan's car. To save gas, however, they would also share the car with two of the other women on the team. To Parker's slight consternation and slightly greater amusement, Athlete Girl was one of the passengers. Her actual name was Val, as Parker had finally learned. The other passenger was Val's sweetie, a much more obvious lesbian who called herself River, or Riv for short. Val was tan and insanely strong, pure rawbones and muscle, not much in the way of boobs, always wearing her hair down in a braid or ponytail. Riv was about the same height, but more stocky and with a few more curves, and wore her hair dyed with a sidebuzz. They'd been a couple for about three months. As Josh said, putting the new(ish) romantic couples all in the same car was a good peacekeeping move for the rest of the team.

The tournament was scheduled to start at 10 AM, and it was supposed to be a 70-minute drive. But Meagan was a careful driver, and knew that getting lost could be par for the course, so she wanted to give them a full hour and a half to get there, plus time to warm up, etc. So Meagan met Parker at the car at 8. The sun was just up, and Meagan was leaning against her battered old Honda in her game shorts and jersey, brown-red hair tied back with a bandanna, looking strong enough to bench-press the car. So Parker just had to kiss her.

“Hey, there,” she said when the kiss broke. “Ready for this?”

“I think so,” he said. “I'm really glad I'm riding with you.”

“Me, too. Now we just need the others.”

At 8:15, Meagan scowled about and said, in the way she did when she was irritated, “Mmmmmkay. I'm calling Val.” She did so (this was just before the smartphone age, a time when Nokias were everywhere), and got no answer, but a moment later Val called back. Meagan listened, said “Mmmkay” again a few times, and hung up.

“They overslept,” Meagan said. Her eyes sparkled emerald. She made air quotes with her fingers and said it again: “'Overslept.' Code for 'Humping like bunnies.'”

Parker grinned, but also felt a slight pain at the fact that he and Meagan weren't “oversleeping.”

Meagan saw beneath the grin and gently caressed his face with her fingers, running the tips down the line of his jaw, and then pulled him close for a kiss, clasping his face between her palms. And, when the kiss broke, she lightly bopped his nose with her fingers, and said nothing.

Val and Riv came tumbling into the parking lot a moment later. The fact that Val didn't yet have a shirt on, just her sports bra, could speak to either explanation of their lateness.

“I'm so sorry,” Riv said. “I didn't set an alarm last night...”

As the two late arrivals loaded their gear into the car, Meagan made the air quotes again and mouthed, “Overslept” to Parker, who grinned quite honestly this time.

Parker rode shotgun, so when Meagan wasn't shifting gears she could hold hands with him. She drove stick, though, so there were frequent pauses in the hand-holding.

Val was quiet, almost silent, but this was not unusual. Riv was generally more talkative, but she'd said she liked to listen to pump-up music before a game, so she had her headphones on. So it was a quiet car that rolled through the midwest morning. Out over the fields, there was ground fog rising, and the rising sun slanting through made the cornfields look ethereal, otherworldly. Parker had never seen the Midwest look so beautiful.

The first problem came when Meagan began to look around with a faint look of irritation on her face.

“What's up?” Parker asked.

She didn't answer him directly. “Val? Does this look familiar?”

But Val was apparently asleep, so Meagan let it go for another few minutes. Then she said. “Mmmmmkay. Hey, Riv, have you ever been to this place before?” And then she repeated the question to get Riv's attention, as Riv was still blasting her pregame playlist. But as it turned out, Riv had never been to the college that they were heading for. So they woke up Val.

Val took a bleary-eyed look around and said, “Uh, I don't remember. Keep driving, I'll see if I recognize anything.”

“I'm pretty sure we're not going the right way.”

“Just keep going, we'll run into something familiar.”

That didn't seem like a smart move to Parker, and Meagan’s eyebrows went up, but she drove for a few minutes more. Then they came to a small town, one of those wide-spots-on-the-road towns that mostly didn't do anything other than lower the speed limit from 40 to 25 for a mile. Val agreed that this definitely wasn't right; the road they were supposed to be on shouldn't have any such slowdowns. So Meagan pulled over to consult the directions.

“I'm pretty sure I did exactly this,” she said, gesturing to the printout of turns that had been given to her. (Remember, this was pre-smartphone, and Google Maps was still in its infancy.)

Val and Riv took a look at the directions, too, and collectively shrugged. Something had gone wrong, but they couldn't pinpoint what it was. Val did have a request, however.

“If you see a gas station, Meagan, can we stop?”

“Sure.”

Since the car was pretty full up on gas, Parker realized that there was probably one reason only that Val had asked for a stop. He tried to put the thought out of his mind.

They backtracked, through the small town, back up the road, no gas stations to be seen. Meagan pulled over and asked a man out mowing his lawn how to get back to the main road that they needed.

“Oh, easy,” he said. “Take a left at the next crossroads and then just keep going straight. Well, the road'll wiggle a bit, but stay on it, and you can't miss it.”

Meagan seemed a touch skeptical about that, but thanked the man and followed his instructions.

The trouble was that the road they'd been directed to was not a main road at all. It was 25 miles an hour right along, with many twists and bends, and with many houses dotting the road. Farmers were out on their tractors for the spring plowing and planting.

Val had now gone completely silent, but River spoke up. “Hey, Meagan? How far do you think we have to go still?”

Parker glanced back. Riv had taken off her headphones and was sitting, slightly turned in her seat, to hold Val's hands. Val was stone-faced.

“At this rate I have no idea,” Meagan said. “This road might go on forever, or it might get us to the highway in another two minutes. I can't tell.”

“Okay. It's just... Val really needs to pee.”

“Yeah, I figured,” Meagan said, braking a bit as they had to round another curve. “I'm looking, but this doesn't look like a great place to find gas. You want to stop at a house and ask?”

“No,” Val said suddenly and forcefully.

“This is a red state,” Riv explained, “and if you hadn't noticed, we're kinda gay.”

“Ohhhh,” Meagan said. “Crap. I didn't think of that angle. But you don't think they'd say no, would you?”

“We just don't wanna take chances,” Riv said.

“'Kay, I get it. So how bad is it, Val? Please-stop-at-the-next-place bad, or pee-in-a-bottle bad?”

Riv looked expectantly at Val, and Parker looked firmly at the road ahead of them.

Val said nothing for a second, and then said, “Bottle.”

Parker began doing the times table in his head.

“We ran out of the dorm in kind of a hurry this morning,” Riv said in apologetic explanation. “Didn't stop to use the restroom...”

Meagan wasted no time. “'No prob, no prob. Anyone have an empty water bottle?”

Of course no one did; they were going to a tournament, not coming back from one.

“Parker, pass me my bottle, will you? And take the lid off? Thank you, sweetie.” Meagan had already drunk about a quarter of her bottle. She now proceeded to take big swigs from it. “One sec, Val,” she said between swallows.

“Thanks,” Val whispered.

Meagan gulped down most of what remained in the bottle and poured the rest out the window. Then she passed it back to Val. “There you go, hon.”

Parker closed his eyes and gripped the door handle with white knuckles. But he couldn't close his ears, without making it too obvious. There was a snap as Val undid her seat buckle, and a rustle of cloth as she adjusted her clothes, then a pause... and finally a rushing, spattering sound as her piss hit the plastic of the water bottle. Val made no sound of relief other than a barely audible release of breath. The hissing and spattering then turned to a trickling as she began to fill the bottle up, then trailed off into a few last spurts, and then it was done. Val screwed the cap back on the bottle and pulled her shorts back up.

“Thank you,” she said again softly, and handed the bottle back forward.

“No problem, honey. When you gotta go... Uh, Parker, can you hol—I mean, can you put this down in the footwell?”

Parker took the bottle from Val. He tried not to look at her face. She was stone-faced again, but looked a little red. The bottle was warm to the touch, more than half full, and the contents were pure yellow. She had obviously been totally bursting.

“You know, Val, this means I'm going to be stealing from your bottle all day,” Meagan said, and the tension eased slightly.

The wiggly-road finally came to an end... in the main highway that they'd been on to begin with.

“Fuuuuuuck,” Meagan said, drawing out the word with exaggerated irritation. “I am so sorry, people; I think we just took a huge detour to get right back where we started.”

“Not your fault,” Riv said.

“Well, I'm just mad, because now we're going to be late.”

The already-quiet car thus became absolutely silent. The one advantage of the highway was that Meagan put her car in fifth gear and didn't shift much, so Parker could hold her hand. She gave him a grateful little squeeze when he first took it, but didn't say anything. She seemed increasingly tense. After a few minutes, Meagan asked, “Does anyone have Josh's number?”

Riv did.

“Can you call him and tell him that we're likely going to be late? And ask him if we're on the right road?”

Riv did as requested, and Josh confirmed that they were on the right track. “Whew,” Meagan said, and a little of the tightness eased from her shoulders. But not all of it.

“You okay?” Parker asked quietly.

“I'm fine,” she said, a bit too curtly.

“Are you sure?”

“I'm just fine. Mmmkay?” Meagan said. And she pulled her hand away. She kept it resting in her lap, drumming her fingers on her thigh.

As they had to slow down to go through another small town, and then saw that it was actually a more major town complete with red lights, Meagan swore softly. But everyone heard it, and Val sat forward to start giving Meagan a shoulder rub.

“Thanks, Val, but I'm fine,” Meagan said.

“We'll get there,” Val said.

“Actually, it's not that,” Meagan said, putting the car in gear as the light turned green. “And just so you know, I blame you for this, Val.”

“Huh?”

“All that water I drank to empty out my bottle! I'm in the exact same spot now that you were in.”

“All that water I drank to empty out my bottle! I'm in the exact same spot now that you were in.”

At which point Parker thought: Annnnnnd back to the times tables.

The highway ran right through the center of town. There were more than half a dozen stoplights and they somehow managed to hit all but one of the red lights. Moreover the limit was 25, not 45. Tourist trap, Parker thought, eying the little stores on either side of the road. At last they escaped the town's clutches and accelerated again. As they passed, Parker saw a sign with the mileages. “Just 22 miles to go,” he announced cheerfully. “Half an hour.”

Meagan groaned a little and sped up slightly more. “Not if I can help it,” she said.

Parker crunched numbers in his head, but after running up to the twelves and thirteens, he realized that Meagan was not actually showing many signs of desperation. She was tense and quiet, but she wasn't crossing her legs or bouncing in the seat. Still, he believed that she really did need to go; and he watched her closely. She was tapping her fingers on the steering wheel, and when she shifted gears she was a bit more abrupt about it than usual. He kept an eye on the road and on the clock.

After another ten minutes Meagan shifted a bit in her seat and flexed her fingers on the steering wheel. She was driving with a certain cold control now; every movement was sharp and deliberate and a hint restrained. She still didn't cross her legs or bounce. But when the car hit a bump every muscle in her body clenched up, from her jaw down to her toes.

As they got closer, Meagan passed the directions to Parker. “Please be careful,” she said. “I don't want to make any more wrong turns.”

“Yeah, that would be bad,” Parker agreed.

“Val, is the place we're going close to a place where I can use the bathroom?” Meagan asked.

“I'm not sure if we're going to the same place as last time,” Val said.

“I just remember that Josh said we were going to a field. And I know it's a big campus.”

“I'm sorry, I don't know...”

“Mmmmkay.”

As they drew nearer the town, Parker kept his eyes fixed on signs for their turn. But because the street signs were a little small, he almost missed it. “There!” he said. “Turn here.”

Meagan braked abruptly. “Turn which way?” she said.

“Right.”

“Next time give me a little more warning, please,” Meagan said. “I really do not appreciate sudden stops or changes of direction right now.”

“I'm sorry, the street signs are so hard to read...”

Meagan said nothing.

Two turns later, which Parker managed to identify rather faster, and they pulled into a rather full parking lot.

“Anyone see a spot?” Meagan said.

“How about over there?”

They circled a minute or two. As they did, they saw a glimpse of flying discs on the grass beyond the lot, between some trees. Meagan finally pulled into one of the last open spots. Val and Riv got out, grabbed their bags, and headed toward the frisbees. Parker grabbed his bag as well, but stopped when he noticed that Meagan had not yet gotten out of the car. She was sitting sideways on the car seat with her feet on the ground, but motionless.

“Are you all right, Meg?” he asked.

Meagan took a deep breath and said, “I'll be fine. I just...” She paused. “I am really looking forward to going to the bathroom.”

“Need a hand with anything?”

“Can you take my bag?”

“Of course.”

Meagan got up out of the car. For a moment she bent slightly forward... and then the moment passed. She straightened up, turned around, looked him in the eye and said, “I'm sorry I'm not a lot of fun right now.”

“It's okay. I understand.”

“And I'm sorry snapped at you about the turn. Those street signs really are tiny.”

“Aren't they, though?”

Meagan looked around. “Can you see where there might be a bathroom?”

“Those buildings?”

“Those look like dorms,” Meagan said. “I'll bet they're locked.”

“Yeah. You want to try anyway?”

“I'd better. But you should go warm up.” She started walking toward the dorm.

“I'm not going anywhere until you're okay,” Parker said, following her.

Meagan smiled. “You're such a sweetheart. I'm gonna be fine, 'kay?”

“You're hurting,” Parker said. And that's my problem right there...

“I just have to pee. Admittedly I need to pee really really bad, but it's not like I'm bleeding or anything. Go warm up.”

They came to the dorm, and the doors were indeed locked. “See anyone inside?” Meagan asked.

“Nope.”

“Better go ask the locals, then.”

But they found their own team first.

“Hey, Meagan!” Josh said.

“Bathrooms? Now, please?” Meagan asked. It was a more of a demand, really.

“Up at the athletic center,” Josh said. “It's that big building at the top of the hill.”

Meagan eyed it. It was about four hundred yards away. “Mmmmmmmkay,” she ground out.

“I just went in the bushes!” offered one of the girls. But Meagan strode off. Parker began to follow her, but then realized he had no reason to do so and held back. He tried to get his mind back on the games to come, but his eyes strayed toward Meagan's receding figure as she plowed up the hill. It wasn't until some twenty minutes later that she came back, looking vastly relieved, swinging her arms free and easy, and immediately jumping into the warm-up drill that Parker had been failing miserably at. But she didn't talk to him until the drills were over, and when they did, she was still fairly controlled in her speech.

She warmed up as the games continued, though her intensity was mostly focused on playing. And when they fell short of a win by only two points, she grouched and grumbled until they went out to eat. On the way home, everyone was too tired to talk; Val and Riv fell fast asleep, and Parker nearly passed out too. But after Meagan dropped off the two sweethearts and parked near her dorm, she turned to him and said something that immediately woke him up: “We need to talk.”

“Um. About what?”

“What was up with you today? You were acting really weird. Like you were really uncomfortable and really turned on, all at once.”

Funny you should put it that way... “Uh.”

She leaned back against the driver's side door, arm draped across the car seat, and waited.

“This is kind of hard for me to talk about,” he said. “Because, like, um. What if. What if you break up with me because of this?”

“Okay,” she said.

“And it's, like, my, um, deepest, darkest secret. Ever. I have literally never told anyone about this...”

Her eyebrows went up and stayed up. Even in his panic, Parker had to notice that the combination of sunglasses on her forehead, her wrinkled brow, and her emerald eyes was incredibly hot.

“Uh...”

“I can wait,” she said, calmly but sternly.

Finally, strangled, all in a rush: “I get turned on when girls have to pee.”

The silence stretched for a long, awkward, painful moment.

“I'm really sorry, I hate it, I do, but I just can't...”

“Wait, is that it?”

“Uh... yeah?”

She threw back her head and laughed. Guffawed, really.

“I guess that really wasn't the reaction I was expecting,” Parker said, hesitantly.

Meagan glanced at him... and started laughing even harder. She actually started rocking the car. “I'm sorry, the look on your face...” she gasped. She flung an arm across her mouth; apparently a hand would not have been enough.

After a few moments, Parker asked, “Does this mean you're breaking up with me?”

She was crying by this point, but her eyes went wide with astonishment and sympathy. Despite the mirth-gales, she managed to lean over and kiss him. It was a short kiss, because she had to stop for breath. “Oh, my dear sweet hedgehog, no no no no no. God no!” she wheezed. “I am not breaking up with you. In fact...”

As suddenly as it had started, her laughter stilled. She was clearly thinking hard. She gave him a sidelong look with a grin tucked into it, and said, “C'mon.” As quick as it was spoken, she jumped out of the car, grabbed her bags, and stood ready to lock up.

“Where are we going?” Parker asked, getting out.

“My room,” she said. And then, “C'mon!” again, over her shoulder as she led the way.

As they entered the room, Meagan dropped her bag. “Dacy's out at a party, thank god,” she said. “Soap, soap... got it, I'll use Dacy's and you can use mine. And I have an extra towel for you.”

“Uh, Meagan... what's happening?”

“We still need to talk. But don't worry, it'll be good! You'll see. But I am not having this conversation while I am this sweaty. So we are taking showers first. Men's room is down the hall. See you in a sec!”

He went and showered, but not having anything to change into, he was forced to put his sweaty clothes back on. He came back to Meagan's closed door and knocked. No answer. He felt highly awkward waiting in the hall, but he did it anyway.

A few minutes later, Meagan came out of the women's room, hair tied back (it looked like she hadn’t washed it), athletic gear in one hand, wearing a towel from armpit to thigh. “You can go in, you know,” she said.

“I didn't want to walk in on you,” he said, sheepishly.

“I know. And you can go in,” she said.

She dropped her clothes into the laundry hamper and seated herself on the edge of the bed. “Sit with me,” she said.

He did as he was bid, and after one whiff she added, “And throw your shirt in the hamper. I'll wash it for you.”

Sitting bare-chested next to her towel-clad form, Parker felt more anxious than ever. “Look at me, sweetie,” she said, and when he did, she kissed him.

“So like I said: we need to talk. And I think you didn't quite finish.”

Parker shrugged. “Well... I said the important bit. I was really turned on when you had to pee this morning. But I remembered what you said about consent, and so I felt really bad about being turned on. So... yeah. You said it: I was really uncomfortable and really turned on all at once.”

“And you've never talked to anyone about this?”

“Never. Well—” a thought of Lara skittered through his head “—once. But it wasn't someone I really... uh... I can tell you about that later.”

Meagan's eyebrows quirked, but she said, “Okay. So no one ever told you that this is really fuckin' close to normal, right?”

“Uh... no. I mean, yeah. No one's ever told me that.”

“Sweetie, if the Internet's taught us anything, it's that humans can be really really weird. You know there are people who get turned on by sneezing? I have seriously seen websites about guys who got all hot and bothered because Brittney Spears had a cold. And that's only the tip of the iceberg. There is some fuckin' scary shit out there.” She shuddered a bit. “There are some things out there that I cannot unsee. But your thing? Not that weird. Yours at least has to do with the right part of the body.”

“But it's still kinda bad!” Parker cried. “Because you didn't want to be in that situation. So it was wrong for me to feel that. It’s a consent thing. Right?”

“That's true, I didn't consent to be in that situation. But it's not a big deal. Piss happens. If you get turned on by it, you can't help how you feel. What you can help is what you do about it, and what you did was get worried about me, and try to help me. Now that I know what was going on in your head, I get it.”

“Wait, what did you think I was thinking?”

She sighed. “So now it's time for me to tell you my secret...”

She paused, then began. “In high school, I dated a lot of guys. I had sex with some of them, and learned a lot, but the main thing is... every single one of the guys I dated cheated on me, one way or another. And I am not talking 'every single one' like 65% of them. No, every. Single. One. So I have some trust issues, and I got really, really good at seeing when people are lying to me or not telling me everything.

“But that's not all. The first few times, after I found out... I did some pretty stupid things to try and get them back, which is how I know a little bit about the wild shit that's out there on the Net, not that it ever worked. But I don't feel too great about what I did. Anyway. After those times, I decided I would never get someone back if they cheated on me. So instead, I cheated on them, and then let them find out, so they'd know how I felt. I got... I got pretty good at hurting people that way. I knew how it felt, you see.”

Parker nodded.

“So I knew you were hiding something. And then this morning, when Val was running around in just her sports bra and dropping her shorts in my back seat... I thought you had a thing for Val, not the peeing!”

“Oh, I used to!” Parker said. “But not any more, really... and then you had to go...”

They were both laughing by now.

“So that's where we're at,” Meagan said.

“Do you want me to tell you about the one time I told someone about it? Just so I'm not hiding anything?”

“Do you want to talk about it?” Meagan asked.

“Yeah, I do,” and the whole Lara story came gushing forth. And then the stories about Annie.

Meagan scooted closer to him. “Oh, my poor horny hedgehog,” she said. “No wonder you've been all tied up in knots.”

“Yeah. It feels so much better to tell someone. Like I've been holding it in...”

“Heh. That's appropriate. And it feels so good when you finally let it out, huh?”

“Haha, yeah!”

“But how do you feel about the fetish itself? Do you feel bad about that?”

“Well... yeah. How could I not?”

“I was just wondering. Because this kind of thing is totally normal, or almost anyway, and I wish someone had been able to show you that earlier, but I was wondering if you felt like your... um, adventure with that Lara chick had satisfied your curiosity or something.”

“You mean, do I still want to see girls needing to pee?”

“Yeah, I guess that's what I mean.”

“Well... the hard-on I was trying to hide this morning in the car says no.”

She grinned. “Fair enough. Because this is something I have no trouble doing with you, you know.”

“Wait, what?”

“I can totally hold it for a while for you. I am pretty darn good at holding it, really.”

“I noticed! So, um... you are really, truly offering what I think you're offering?”

“Sure! If it gets you all hot, I don't mind. In fact, after hearing your story... I am a tiny bit turned on.”

“You're serious?”

“Well, maybe I was already turned on and this is just making me a little more. I don't know. We can talk about that later. But right now I'm noticing that we've done nothing but talk, and we have the room to ourselves for at least a bit longer.”

Parker swallowed.

“We've really opened up a lot to each other,” she said. “But I wanna do a little bit more of that.”

“What did you have in mind?”

“You know I'm not wearing anything under this towel, right?”

“I'd kinda guessed.”

She straddled him. The towel rode up to her hips immediately.

“Take it off me.”

He did as he was told.

She looked... amazing. Her legs were like iron, strong and smooth, and her arms were similar. Her skin was pale, and her freckles went on forever. And down between her legs...

“God, I wish I could fuck you now,” she said. “But I think we're both too sore and tired to do it right. That's all! No other reason!” she added fast, as she saw the look on his face. “But I wanted you to see me naked, finally.”

“Can't we do something?”

She laughed. It was a slightly different laugh, a little lower, a little more sultry. “Oh, honey, we will. We will. Look me over, every last inch of me. My body is a promise.

“Believe me, we will,” she added in a whisper.

*005*2017-10-14 15:48

{{On 10/8/2017 at 3:17 PM, acer913 said:

Every young person just finding themselves in this fetish should read this series. Really explores everything most of us have had to face.

}}

Acer, that is the nicest thing anyone's ever told me on this site. Since I work with young folks professionally, it's really a compliment. I hope I can live up to it and spread my words around enough that a few young people do see this. I know there are a lot of young people who come here trying to feel less alone. I don't really want to advertise "Hey come read this story" though. I hate promoting myself that way. Dilemma!

{{On 10/8/2017 at 7:20 PM, desp-fan2013 said:

The story is definitely getting better with each succeeding chapter. Can't wait to see what happens next and who will be the next victim(s) of their desperation, perhaps an accident or two may be in the works for the future as well. I did like how Meg maintained her ladylike status and ventured all the way the field house to gain her relief. Must have been shear torture for her at that point, too bad that they weren't already so late that her pee break didn't need to be postponed for a bit longer.

In any case do keep up the good work, I look forward to reading the next installment.

}}

@desp-fan, Meagan is definitely a trooper. I thought it would be more interesting to explore someone who doesn't do a wild and crazy pee dance. Makes me think harder about how to show her desperation.

There WILL be more Meagan and Parker stories, folks, but not this week... they take a long time to write, and then a long time to format for this site, and I have quite a lot of other work to do. The next story is called "Parker's Present" and it'll be a two-parter, and there will be at least one story after that. (I can promise you that much since it's already written.) Not sure when I'll have time to get "Parker's Present" posted here, so to tide you over, here's a sneak preview...

~~~~~~~

With all the water Meagan was making him drink, plus the food, Parker wasn’t actually drunk, but he did have to go running off to the bathroom repeatedly. It was in the middle of pissing out the last beer he’d drunk that he had a sudden flash of realization. He’d been sticking pretty close to Meagan since he’d gotten back from class. During that time he’d peed several times—but he’d never seen her go to the bathroom.

He plunged out of the men’s room and looked for her. She was dancing, body rocking to the beat without a care in the world.

Or was she?

Looking more closely, he had to wonder. Was she dancing to the beat... or was she dancing because she was desperate?

She hadn’t peed once in the last six hours, as far as he could tell....

~~~~~~~

Stay tuned for...

The next adventure of the Gentleman!

Coming soon to a forum near you!

