Meagan and the Gentleman: Full Circle

Author: Weasel

*000*2018-06-28 23:37

The story so far:

Sexting

Cabin in the Woods

City Lights

Giving Thanks

For Science!

Many Happy Returns of the Day

~~~~~~~~~~~

The Savannah trip was darker that year—figuratively and literally. Figuratively, of course, because instead of the excitement and tension of a brand-new relationship, they had the looming shadow of its potential end. Literally, because the whole trip was hit with a succession of rainstorms.

Meagan and Parker returned to campus almost reluctantly, dawdling at their last meal on the road. Not even Dacy’s phone-call promise to arrive early on Monday and leave them Sunday night was motivation to get home. They still had sex, of course; not raw and frantic as on the night of the party, but bittersweet and tender. The last time, the last time, this might be the last time… that ran through Parker’s head almost every time they did anything together.

Meagan was not reassured when she got an email from the registrar asking to come by on Monday after class. But she came back with a bemused look on her face.

“What?” Parker asked.

“Are you aware Linda Bonham is a total badass?”

“Can’t say that I am.”

“So apparently my uncle came down here last week.”

“Oh, shit!”

“Shows what he knows about this school, because he didn’t even think I might not be here. Anyway, he demanded his money back. Linda told him the college doesn’t do refunds, especially since I was more than halfway through the semester. That put his back up. Then he said he was pulling me out of school.”

“There’s no way he can do that.”

“Which is exactly what Linda told him. Reminded him that I’m twenty-one. She says he got pretty mad then and said I was leaving with him whether I liked it or not and whether she liked it or not.”

“Uh-oh.”

“Well, that’s what put her back up, apparently, because she said—and here I’m quotin’ exactly: ‘Meagan will remain here as long as she wishes, and the next time you say anything to the contrary in my presence or hers, I will report you for conspiracy to commit kidnapping.’”

“Oh, wow.”

“I know, right? And since it would be across state lines, that’s a Federal case. FBI. Which she also mentioned.”

“How’d he take it?”

“Well, he left, but apparently he said some pretty shitty things about her, me, and the college. She wouldn’t tell me exactly what, but she said it wasn’t fit for a Christian to say. Which makes me think he got up on his high horse. And then she told me that she was taking it personal, and that she was going to make sure I never had to depend on any man to keep going here. I don’t quite know what she meant by that, but I think it probably had something to do with something he said, since she wouldn’t say anything more.”

“Whoa. This is heavy.”

“I know.” She ran her fingers through her hair. “This is freaky. My uncle just doesn’t talk like that...”

“You think she was exaggerating?”

“No, I think he’s so used to getting his way that he took it real rough when he didn’t get it this time.”

“Serves him right.”

“Parker, he’s a hard man, but he’s done a lot for my family. All the best things in my life—Camp Graham, the cabin—come from him. Remember, I never would have met you if not for him.” She smiled a little. “But yeah, it’s probably good for him to not get his way all the time…”

“So hey, long story short: you’ve got a chance now!”

“I guess? Maybe? I mean, she’s the registrar, sure, but that doesn’t mean she can just hand me a free ride.”

“But she’s got to know all the ways she can make it easier, and all the scholarships you could get.”

“It’s just—it’s been a rough week, love, and my faith in humanity is a little thin right now. If she can do something for me, I’ll believe it when it happens.” She shrugged. “Besides, let’s say I do get a scholarship. Let’s say I do get to come back next year. Fine, cool, but where am I gonna go next month when school lets out for the summer? If I say I’m coming back here next year, my family will make life total hell for me. They’d definitely get Camp Graham to fire me.”

“Better get a recommendation from them now.”

“That’s a good idea. I’ll call them tomorrow…”

Parker, in his default role of news relay to various folks, updated the team and his parents on this latest twist in the Saga of Meagan, and then waited for more news. The uncertainty wasn’t good for his fingernails.

The next bit of news came in the mail—with “Camp Graham” on the return address. Meagan stared at it for a long time without opening it.

“What are you waiting for?” Parker asked.

“I’ve worked at Camp Graham for years. Before that, I went myself. This is all my summers. And they might be firing me. They might be dropping me like a hot rock.”

“Or this might be the letter of recommendation.”

“Yeah.”

“Only one way to find out, huh?”

“I’m hoping that if I can just put it off long enough, I won’t have to look.”

“How long would be ‘long enough’?”

“The rest of my life should do it.”

“Want me to read it first?”

She hesitated, then said, “No, I’ve got to have the guts.” She ripped the envelope open with a savage movement—which tore the papers inside, too. “Whoops,” she said, holding the rip closed with her fingers as she tried to make sense of what she was holding. Parker watched her eyes flickering across the page. She glanced at the next page, then back at the first—and then her eyes filled with tears.

“What is it?” Parker asked.

She wordlessly held it out to him.

Meagan, (it began)

We were deeply saddened to hear of the conflict between you and your uncle. As you know, Camp Graham is deeply indebted to the Hainley family. While John Hainley does not have the power to hire or fire camp staff, it is true that those who do would certainly take his recommendations very seriously, and anyone he felt was a poor employee might find working for the camp a difficult experience. Also we would be particularly anxious not to risk our relationships with the Hainleys, since they are a crucial part of the Camp Graham family.

We find this particularly painful because we also consider you to be a crucial part of the camp family. So we are terribly hurt that it seems we must part with either you or John. We are trying to follow the command to “judge not” as we listen to your differing accounts of what has happened. Not knowing the truth, we pray for both of you.

In your telephone call earlier, you expressed a concern that your uncle would ask us to not recommend you to other employers. We felt you should know that in all our conversations with him, he never once requested such a thing, nor would we honor his request if he made it. Whatever you may have done or not done elsewhere has no bearing on what we have seen at camp with our own eyes: that any employer would be fortunate to have you. You will find enclosed a letter of recommendation that testifies to this.

We hope that someday you may be reconciled to your family. Until then, may our blessings go with you.

“Wow,” Parker said. “Are they firing you or not?”

“They’re easing me out,” Meagan said, cheeks wet, “but they’re trying to ease me in wherever I end up. They didn’t just drop me. They didn’t.” She flapped the slightly-torn letter of recommendation, still in her hand. “This is downright embarrassing, it’s so glowing.”

“Oh, lover,” Parker said, and hugged her.

“I can’t go back,” she said into his shoulder. “I can’t go back. But they wished me well…”

“Is this good news?”

“Not quite… it’s like an old friend died, hon, or a bunch of them… or moved away and I’ll never see them again… but they left me something really precious. A last gift.”

He held her while she cried.

~~~~~~~~~

We're on the last lap here, folks; end in sight. I'll try not to keep you waiting so long this time. And if you're just tuning in and are thinking, "What's going on?" I promise that there will be sex and desperation in this story eventually, but we've got to get through the plot first. Maybe reread some of the older stuff while you wait?

*002*2018-06-29 03:33

I decided not to keep everybody waiting.

~~~~~~~~~

Mitchell did an updated version of the calendar. Meagan and Parker made use of it, though not in the way that their roommates perhaps expected. Neither one was always really ready, mentally, for sex. They spent a lot of time cuddling. But when they went beyond that, it was again intense.

Still panting from her climax, glistening with sex-sweat, Meagan collapsed on top of Parker and said, “You know what I kept thinking, just now?”

“Huh?”

“That we should do something really really nice for Mitchell, before summer. To thank him.”

“Oh, yeah,” Parker agreed. He was in a fairly agreeable mood, however, since Meagan had just ridden him hard.

“We should do a lot of nice things,” she went on. While we still can hung unspoken in the air. “These next two weeks are gonna be insane, hon, but can we promise each other to have super-hot sex once all our finals are turned in?”

“Yes, please.”

“You can make me wait if I can make you wait.”

“Seems fair. But if you don’t want to—” He broke off.

“Hmmm?”

“I was gonna say if you don’t want to, it’s okay.”

“Going by the sound in your voice, you wanted to add the word ‘But’ to the end of that sentence, and thought better of it because of consent.”

“Yeah.”

“Good. I’ll say it instead. If neither one of us doesn’t wanna have sex our last night together, okay. But I don’t think that’s likely somehow.”

“Oh, whew.”

“I’m not gonna promise anything more special than that, though. Not after last time. We’ll work it out as we go.”

“Sounds good.”

~~~~~~~~

They had to work out a lot of things as they went—but everything seemed dependent on everything else.

It was the time of year for returning students to work out their housing for next year—but was Meagan a returning student or not? If she was coming back, she’d need a place to stay over the summer. She’d need a place that was fairly cheap, since otherwise it could eat up money she’d need for tuition. She’d need a job—but where should she work? Close to school, or cast a wide net and see who’d hire her anywhere in the country? But not knowing what job she’d have, she couldn’t say how much money she’d have available to cover textbooks and tuition…

Parker felt trapped, too. They’d planned to live together next year—before all this had come up, Mitchell had begun orchestrating a complex roommate-swapping scheme that would allow Meagan and Parker to share a room (unofficially). But if Meagan wasn’t coming back, then where would Parker by himself fit in that carefully balanced scheme?

In the middle of all this, Parker’s dad called. “We’d like to come for a visit,” his father said, “your mother and I.”

“It’s kind of crazy right now,” Parker said.

“We know. That’s one of the reasons we want to come—maybe we can help.”

Parker asked for some time to think about it and talked it over with Meagan, who groaned at the thought. “That is not really stress I need right now,” she said.

“I have to say, though, I kinda wanna see them,” Parker replied. “I know things are really stressful, but when I have a problem… well, now I talk to you first, but before that, it was always my parents.”

“That must be nice. You gotta understand, I’m a little nervous about parents in general right now?”

“I get it. But even if you don’t want to meet them, can I say yes to them coming out?”

“Oh, if I don’t have to meet them, then they can come any time. And if they come all this way, then I might as well meet them.”

“That makes a grand total of zero sense, hon.”

“Can’t help it. At this point my brain is dribbling out my ears.”

Around and around they went. Always the sticking point was money. Meanwhile they were trying to get their finals done, which wasn’t easy even without a looming doom over their heads.

Then Meagan got an email from the registrar. It said “good news” in the subject line, but Meagan was too wary to be truly hopeful. “You’re coming with me,” she said. “I don’t wanna go in there alone. And besides, this affects you too.”

Linda Bonham smiled broadly as they came in. “Miss Meagan, good to see you—and this is Mister Parker? I know you from your file, young man, but I don’t think we’ve ever actually met.

“So,” she continued, “I promised you good news. After my little… conversation with Mister Hainley, I raised your case with a few of our trustees, and pretty much everybody said, ‘We want this young woman to stay here, so let’s figure out how to make that happen.’ It was too late to get you a full-ride scholarship, and I know you’re trying to hold off on taking out loans until you get to grad school, which is very wise, and you’ve already maxed out your low-income grants. However! You’re aware that you’re receiving one scholarship from us already?”

“Yeah...”

“Well, that’s basically just a discount, when you think about it. So I’ve been authorized to double that discount, for starters, and make a few other cuts here and there. Then I called in a favor or two and rustled up some cash from our women-in-science fund. Psych students usually don’t qualify, so don’t tell anyone. Then I went looking for coins under the couch cushions, and… well, long story short, I got you within about six and a half thousand, which is a long sight closer than twenty.” Ms. Bonham leaned forward, big hands folded. “If you worked this summer, do you think you could close that gap?”

“Not quite,” Meagan said—but she was sitting up in her chair, looking more hopeful.

“Well, how about if you lived off-campus? That would take off about a bit over five thousand more.”

Meagan and Parker shot each other a look. “Would I be allowed to visit Parker?” she asked. “Like, overnight?”

“As a guest, yes,” Ms. Bonham said. “Technically that would be limited to two consecutive nights before Security would be within its power to evict you. On the other hand, I don’t think anyone will be paying that much attention. After all, you’re still a student here!”

Meagan swallowed, hesitated. “I’m not sure about payin’ rent. Scared to death of it, really.”

“Room and board here on campus is almost certainly more expensive. So if we subtract that—” Ms. Bonham turned to her computer and adjusted some numbers “—that means you’ll need to come up with nine hundred sixteen dollars and forty-five cents. Is that a deal you’re willing to take, Miss Meagan? Are you willing to give it a try?”

Meagan was silent for another long moment. Her eyes took on a faraway look; Parker could practically see her doing the math on a blackboard in her head. Then: “Yes. Yes, I’ll try.”

Ms. Bonham smiled. “I thought you'd say that. So I’ve already prepped the paperwork—just sign here for me, please, and you will be officially enrolled for another year. With the most patchwork payment plan I have ever seen—but then, I built it myself, so it’ll all hold up.”

“Oh my god,” Meagan whispered, and she was crying again. “Thank you. Thank you.”

“You’re welcome. And the next time an old white man starts telling this sister who she can and can’t enroll in her own college… well, he’s got another think comin’. Y’all have a good day now, Miss Meagan, Mister Parker.”

Outside the registrar’s office, Meagan leaned against the wall. Parker couldn’t tell if she was excited, scared, panicked, or all of the above.

“If I get a job at a summer camp,” she said, “work eight weeks, that probably gets me around three thousand bucks. Just signed away a thousand of that already. And I’ve gotta pay rent… I’ve gotta pay rent before I get that paycheck, either. Shit, that’s gonna be hard. I’m gonna need to get another job. Probably weekends. Fast.” She looked at him. “I’m so scared, hon. This’ll be the hardest thing I’ve ever done. I may not see as much of you as either of us like. And we can’t live together. But I’ll be here. I’ll be here. And I’ll come to visit you…”

She grabbed the front of his shirt, pulled him close, kissed him more passionately than she had ever done outside of their room.

“We’re gonna make it work, hon!” she whispered in his ear. “We really are!”

~~~~~~~~~~

That's all for tonight, folks, but now that I've given you some hope, you can start to wonder: how are they going to celebrate?

*005*2018-06-29 22:44

Oh, I'll do you one better than that, @YourFNF

.

~~~~

Good news travelled fast. That night there was a small victory dance in Meagan and Dacy’s room. Dacy called her friend Clark to come over, Mitchell brought his boyfriend, then Ultimate teammates started arriving. Mitchell, however, was slightly out of sorts.

“What do you mean you can’t live on campus next year?” he said. “I had it all worked out.”

“It knocks off another five thou, Mitchell. I just can’t afford that.”

“Even in a campus house? Those are cheaper than the dorms.”

“Wait, you got a house?”

“We knew you weren’t in a good place to think about housing,” Dacy said, “so we just put both of you down for our group.”

“But you didn’t even know if I was coming back next year.”

Dacy shrugged. “I had hope.”

“How do you two even know each other?” Parker put in.

“All that calendar coordination. We’ve gotten to know each other pretty well. Anyway,” Mitchell went on, “we got both of you a place in our house. Are you sure you can’t afford it? Because it would be awesome to have you in Franklin with us.”

“Wait, which one?” Meagan asked.

“Franklin.”

Meagan’s hand flew to her mouth and she shot a look at Parker over her knuckles. “You got Franklin? You know that’s where Parker and I first met, right?”

“Oh, really? I didn’t know!”

“Franklin… how did you swing that? Everybody wants that house!”

“We just got lucky, I guess. That and we pooled our resources.”

They did the math for a second and Meagan shook her head. “I just can’t risk it,” she said. “That’s too tight.”

“We’ll hold your spot open,” Dacy said. “If something works out, you won’t have to go looking for housing and end up stuck in some craphouse.”

Meagan hugged her and Mitchell. “You two are so great. And so organized. I don’t know what I’d do without you.”

“End up dead in a ditch, probably,” Dacy said.

“I thought that was how you were gonna die. Because of the running.”

“I’ll share my ditch with you any day, girlfriend.”

~~~~

The next day, Parker’s parents arrived.

“It was really nice of you to come out all this way, especially considering you’ll just have to do it again next week,” Meagan said. She seemed cordial enough to her guests, but Parker could tell she was stressing.

“Well, Donna hasn’t been out here since we dropped Parker off as a brand-new freshman,” Will Daniels said. “But of course that wasn’t our only reason.”

“That can wait,” Donna Daniels put in smoothly. “Say, over dinner tonight?”

“I wouldn’t want to intrude on a family dinner,” Meagan said.

“Not a bit,” Mr. Daniels said. “We came out to meet you, after all—and to see if we can help. If nothing else, at least we can buy you dinner.”

“Free food, hon, free food!” Parker said.

Meagan hesitated—and then said, “Okay! Where are we going?”

“Somewhere cheap!” Mr. Daniels said promptly, with a grin.

“Knock it off, Will,” Mrs. Daniels said. “We can go wherever you like. Go right ahead and pick a place you can’t usually afford, that’s what parents are for.”

Somehow they ended up at the Sun’s Up. Parker got the feeling that Meagan had steered them away from anything nicer. Poor Kid Syndrome, he thought. Doesn’t feel comfortable anywhere else.

While the Daniels elders did ask Parker a few things, they were clearly focused on Meagan. It might have felt like an interrogation, but the pair were clearly a practiced team: Donna asked open-ended questions, and Will made jokes or wry commentary to whatever Meagan said, encouraging both laughter and further conversation. Then Donna would reveal a little about the Daniels family, making it feel like a two-way street, and by the time their food came Meagan was looking much more relaxed. Parker was glad, and didn’t say much to stay out of the way for fear of breaking the spell. Of course it helped that the biggest question hanging over her was already resolved.

Then Donna asked, “So where are you going to be over the summer?”

A lot of the energy drained out of Meagan’s face. She looked down at her barely-touched burger. “I’m not sure. I need a job, for starters. I guess I’ll go wherever the job is… but most summer camps don’t open up until June at the earliest, so I really don’t know what I’ll do for May. I wish I could just stay on campus, but I’ve got no money for that.”

Will looked to Donna, brows raised in query, who returned the silent question with a nod.

“We thought we might be able to help with that,” Will said.

“Yeah?”

“We wanted to meet you first before we made the offer,” Donna said, “but now that we’ve gotten to know you, we’d be happy to have you stay with us.”

Parker had just taken a drink of his pop and just about choked.

Meagan was no less shocked. “You’d really do that? For a stranger?”

“Not so much a stranger any more,” Donna said.

“And you come highly recommended,” Will said with a smile.

“We’ve got a guest room that hasn’t gotten as much use as we’d like. You’d be entirely welcome,” Donna said. “We would expect you to pay rent if you’re staying with us long—and you too, Parker.”

“Me?” Parker said, indignant.

“Yes, you. You’re old enough.”

“And the reason you’re paying rent is that we’re treating you as adults—which means we won’t be too picky about who’s sleeping where,” Will added, eyes glinting.

Indignation whiplashed the other way in a hurry.

“We’re thinking one-fifty a month for each of you,” Donna said, “but it can be paid after you get your first paycheck. And no deposit, either. With any other landlord, that first month can be brutal; we thought we’d spare you that.”

Meagan’s mouth was literally hanging open. She shook her head, as if to try and wake up from a dream. “I’m still just floored by this,” she said. “Thank you. Thank you. This is… on beyond generous.”

“Well, my husband felt strongly on the issue,” Donna said.

Will shrugged. “I thought I was past my princess-rescuing days. I’m glad to see I’m not. Besides, Diana here is a soft touch for young women coming up through adversity.”

“I’m sorry, Diana—did I get your name wrong?”

“Oh, just an inside joke. Diana Prince. Wonder Woman’s do-gooder alter ego.” Will grinned again. “I think highly of my wife.”

“As to that job,” Donna said, “I don’t have any personal connections with summer camps in our area. But I’ve got plenty of people who do. I’ve asked around. I can’t guarantee anything, of course, but if you have a decent record and a recommendation from your old camp—”

“Not a problem,” Meagan said.

“—Then my guess is you should have an interview or two, at least.”

At this point Meagan actually started crying. “I’m sorry,” she said, wiping her eyes. “This is all just…”

“Don’t be sorry,” Donna said gently. “Perfectly natural. We know it’s a lot all at once.”

“Thank you. Thank you both. This means everything.” Meagan got up, went around the table, and hugged both of them. Will patted her on the back reassuringly.

The rest of the dinner, and much of an hour after it, passed in even greater relaxation. So Parker was slightly surprised to notice that Meagan was a little tense—until he recognized the cause. He wasn’t sure how to react to it, nor sure how to ask about it discreetly, so he just waited until he had to use the restroom himself, and then gave her a meaningful nudge as he got up. She glanced up and just shook her head.

Well, that could mean anything, so I’d better not assume.

Meagan didn’t go use the restroom before they left, so she was still somewhat locked down as they made their farewells in the campus parking lot nearest her dorm (Will had driven them). Both Daniels seniors got long hugs, and many thank-yous, and then the parents drove off to check into their motel.

Meagan immediately folded Parker into an intense hug. “Your parents are amazing,” she said to his shoulder. “I see why you turned out so good.”

Parker shrugged. “It’s what they do.”

“But it’s not what all parents do, you see? I wish—I so wish!—I could count on my folks like that. But there’s no way. My dad would never have done what yours just did. My mom can’t do what your mom just did—she’s too busy surviving…”

And then the tears came again, serious tears, huge gulping sobs. Parker helped ease her down to the curb and held her.

“I knew I’d cry,” Meagan gasped. “I could feel it coming… I was just holding it together in front of them…”

“Is that why you didn’t even pee?”

She laughed right through the sobs, which was weird—though Parker noticed the close similarity of laughter and tears, not for the first time. “Yeah, that’s why! I didn’t even wanna go to the bathroom, I’d be in there for ages… and I wanted to be with you when I did…”

“Did what? Cry? Or pee?”

“Cry. Just cry. I’ll hold it for you till I pop, I’ll ride you till you pop, we are gonna have so much sex ‘cause I’m gonna be so happy… but not tonight, ‘kay? I can’t do that tonight.”

“No problem,” Parker said, rubbing her back. “Just let me know when you wanna get up off the curb and go pee.”

“In a bit,” Meagan said. “I can hold it. I just wanna be here with you for a while.”

~~~~~~~~

There will be actual sex in the next installment, I promise -- in case the feels aren't what you're here for.

*007*2018-06-29 23:24

{{7 hours ago, YourFNF said:

Those are some damn fine parents

}}

There are such people. After the last story of misery, I wanted one that showed humanity in a somewhat better light.

*009*2018-06-30 15:41

Here's some more!

~~~~~~~~~

After that, the rest of the school year (that is, a whole week) passed in a blur. Finals happened, somehow; parties ran together, dorm rooms emptied out. But Will Daniels did not arrive to pick Parker up; Meagan would be driving them both.

There was one more uncomfortable moment when Meagan called her mom. (“I’d write her a letter, but she’s not much of a reader,” Meagan said. “She’d get it wrong somehow.”) She simply and firmly said she wasn’t coming home, then let her mom yell at her until she ran out of breath, and then said, “I’m not coming home because you lied to Uncle John and then you lied to me, in broad daylight, and because I don’t need you any more.” She moved to hang up, then put the handset back to her mouth—not back to her ear—and said, “Mom? I love you. I’ll be back for you. But I’m never coming home.”

Then she hung up.

With Dacy and Mitchell’s ever-competent help, they got their rooms emptied out, some stuff stored, some stuff packed into Meagan’s car. Then, once the roommates had departed, Meagan and Parker sat on the car’s sun-warmed trunk, waving goodbye to friends, acquaintances, and strangers, and then she said, “Fuck, what a year!”

“Mostly good, I hope?”

“Yeah, with a lot of thanks to you. I was just remembering last time we were in this parking lot at the end of school… a very different vibe, huh?”

“No kidding.”

“We couldn’t tear ourselves away. Didn’t wanna leave. But you know what? We can leave any time we want because we are not leaving each other!”

“Shall we go right now?”

“Let’s!”

“Do we wanna use the bathroom first? I think of these things, you see…”

“You can if you want. I’ll roll the dice, see what happens,” she said, her eyes lighting up.

As it happened, Meagan the Mighty had no problem with the multi-hour drive to Parker’s town, but she pulled off at a gas station on the outskirts. “I’ve never been here before, and I want the grand tour,” she explained. “Your city, your neighborhood, your house, everything. And I don’t wanna be distracted during all that.” She kissed his cheek. “Otherwise I’d just hold it longer. ‘Cause I could. And ‘cause you like it.”

“I do…”

Grand Tour of downtown complete (it wasn’t hard), they drove to Parker’s house, where Will and Donna welcomed them with open arms and showed Meagan around the house.

“Our room and Parker’s room are down here,” Donna said, “but the guest room—your’s, I should say—is at the other end of the hall. You’ll have to cross the living room to get to the bathroom, I’m afraid.”

“I’ll live,” Meagan said—giving Parker’s hand a subtle squeeze.

They moved Meagan’s (few) possessions into the guest room. Parker looked around with some curiosity.

“What?” Meagan asked. “Haven’t you seen this room before?”

“I’ve never seen it this clean before.”

His mother, entering with a box of towels, shook her head. “It’s always clean for company,” she chided him. “We just haven’t had much company for a few years—or at least not when you were at home.”

“It’s nicer than mine,” Parker observed.

“That’s because somebody cleans this one!”

“I wanna see your room, hon,” Meagan said, grabbing his arm.

The Daniels elders gave them some space. Parker kept his door cracked open anyway. He sat down at his computer desk, but Meagan pulled him over to the bed. She looked around, taking in the various posters, print-out prizes, notes and pictures from friends, his high school diploma—and most of all his shelf of videos and DVDs. Parker blushed.

“I didn’t say anything!” she said.

“I guess… I guess it’s weird with you here. Only time I ever had a girlfriend in my room with me was with Annie, maybe twice, and she laughed at me.”

“Really?”

“Well, no, she didn’t laugh. But she was a classical violinist. Not into the same stuff.”

“You’ve got good taste, though. Buffy, Star Wars, Cowboy Bebop—I’ve never seen Farscape but I’ve heard good things… what’s Blake’s 7?”

“Old British sci-fi. My dad saw it back in the day and got it for me. It’s solid, if you can get past the special effects.”

“Your dad’s into sci-fi, too?”

“Oh, of course! You think he mentioned ‘rescuing the princess’ by accident? He’s always wanted to be Luke Skywalker.” Parker rolled his eyes. “Except he says he ‘majored in Space Accounting instead of Incredible Space Heroics,’ whatever that means.”

“I will be a long time forgiving my father,” Meagan said quietly, “but if I ever do, it’ll be because he showed me Star Wars when I was four. He did a good job that way, at least.”

“Yeah.”

“But I do have to say: if the reason you’ve got a Return of the Jedi poster up is because of Leia’s bikini, I will think less of you.”

“Um… how much less?”

“1.7%.”

“I can survive that. And in my defense, I was sixteen.”

“I’m teasing, ya goof. You and every other fanboy on the planet.” Pause. “Excuse me. Every straight fanboy on the planet plus a few lesbians. Besides, back then you didn’t have me to compare to.” She tugged him close for a kiss.

After a few more kisses, she leaned back on the bed, pulled him down after her. They made out for a minute or five… and then Parker broke away.

“What’s wrong?” she asked.

“This is really weird,” he whispered. “Being here with you. With my parents in the house. It’s like… worlds colliding. I want you—especially since we haven’t had the room to ourselves for a bit—”

“I know you want me,” she said, nudging his hard-on with a hip. “You’re worried about them hearing us, aren’t you.”

“That’s part of it.” He looked around. “Part of it’s just… I honestly don’t feel that cool and grown-up when I’m in the room I’ve lived in since I was seven. I mean, right now you’re in my bed—but the last time I shared this bed with anyone, it was with my stuffed animals. Who are currently in the closet.”

She grinned hugely. “Are you worried they’re watching? Judging?”

“Worlds colliding, like I said.”

“What stuffed animals did you have?’

“Well, there’s Pete the dog… and Shamu the killer whale, I got him at Sea World when we visited my grandparents in Texas… and Corduroy…”

“You had Corduroy? Hah. I’ll meet these fine fellows later. But don’t feel bad. I’ve got plenty of embarrassing childhood stuff, too, y’know. Remember, this is the girl who used to wet her pants because she was too busy with her Legos to be bothered to pee. Which kinda set a pattern, I guess?”

“Not helping…”

She caressed his cheek. “You are adorable right now, you know? I am not thinking you are any less sexy. Even more so, honestly.”

“What, because of Corduroy?”

“Because I see why you grew up to be my hero,” she said.

“Your hero?”

“I have no idea where I’d be right now without you, love. You got me through this. You listened, you helped, you gave good advice. You never left me, you never failed me, when so many other people in my life have. Don’t get me wrong, I worked my ass off to get myself where I am, and I’m gonna work my ass off again to stay there and graduate, and then there’s grad school, which is basically gonna wear my ass down to the bone. And it was Linda Bonham and your parents who made it work. But you kept me going. And now that I’m seeing how you grew up, I see why. So all this is cute and endearing, but honestly, I’m just so grateful.” She kissed him, then added in a whisper in his ear, “And tonight I’m gonna thank you properly.”

A shiver ran through him.

“But if you’d rather be in my room tonight, that’s fair—and honestly I was gonna suggest my room anyway, because this bed was not built for two.”

“Yeah, that should help.”

“And we’ll play some music and we’ll be quiet and I will thank you.”

~~~~~~~~~~

At dinner, Donna Daniels raised a subject that made Parker uncomfortable and grateful all at once.

“So, Meagan—I made up a little rental agreement here. I’m not sure how legal it all is, but I wanted to get it down on paper, for your sake. I want everyone to be clear that you’re free to stay as long as you wish, even if you and Parker break up. Which obviously we hope doesn’t happen, but we wanted to be really up-front about it.”

Meagan swallowed. “Oh. Oh, thank you. I didn’t even think…”

“Well, you’ve been together pretty solid for a year, now, but these things happen. And I’ve done enough work, peripherally, on domestic violence to know that sometimes people stay in relationships just for housing. I don’t want you dependent on Parker to that degree. And I’ve got one here for you, too, Parker, just to be fair.”

“If I sign this, does that mean you can evict me?” Parker asked.

“Only if you don’t take out the trash,” Will Daniels said.

“Actually, it’s only if you don’t pay rent or if you’re destructive of property. I made that explicit, again for Meagan’s sake.”

“Mrs. Daniels, you think of everything.”

“Experience. Hard-earned experience. And call me Donna.”

After dinner the four of them talked more over drinks—wine for Donna, beer for everyone else—about a wide variety of things; but not long after 9 o’clock Will yawned and stretched and said, “All right, I think I’m about ready to turn in.”

“The night’s young, m’dear.”

“Yes, but the day’s been long. We should let the kids get settled in properly.” He patted his wife’s knee. “C’mon, Diana.”

Maybe it was just the wine, but Donna flushed slightly, knocked back the rest of her glass, and said, “Right behind you.”

Meagan and Parker headed the opposite direction to Meagan’s room. Meagan’s eyes were glinting with delight. “What’s so funny?” he asked.

“Tell you later. Right now, though…” She popped a mix tape into her boom box (almost as old as she was), and filled the room with Nina Simone. She pulled him close and kissed him for a long time, then gently pushed him down to the edge of the bed. “Watch,” she said.

She stripped for him, slowly, more swaying than dancing, making a ceremony out of each piece. He’d never seen socks and bare ankles be so sexy. When she was down to just her bra and panties she struck a pose and said, “So, how do I compare with the princess now?”

“You win,” he said. “You won a long time ago.”

“And I haven’t even gotten to the good stuff yet,” she said, unhooking her bra and then catching it to hold the cups against her as the straps slipped off. She slid the cubs off very slowly, then let the whole thing fall to her feet and let him take a long look, hands on her hips. After a moment she started to slide her panties down—but then instead straddled him, kissed him, fondled him and brought his hands around to fondle her, pulled off his shirt, unbuttoned his jeans. Then she made them both naked, and pushed him back onto the bed. She straddled him—his belly, not his groin, gently bumping his hard-on with her butt—and made out with him for a long time, her hands swapping off from reaching behind her to stroke his whole length and sliding between her legs to circle her clit.

Then she sat up, pushed her hair back and held it back with one hand, eyes on his, her other hand resting lightly on his hip.

“I didn’t want to hold it while your parents were around,” she said softly, “but I do need to go a little now. Would you like me to wait? Or would you rather I made love to you?”

“I’d rather you made love to me. It’s nice to know, though.”

“I was hoping you’d say that. ‘Cause I can wait on peeing, but I don’t wanna wait on feeling you in me.” She reached around behind her and cupped his balls, then slid her fingers up along his hard-on. “You feel ready,” she said.

He touched her inner lips. “You feel ready, too.”

“I am. But I wanna say this first. I’m about to take you in me. But it’s not a reward. It’s not some kinda deal, sex for a bed and a roof over my head. It’s a thank-you, but that’s just part of it. It’s a gift. And I’m giving you this gift because I love you. I wanted you to know that.”

“Thank you,” Parker said. “That’s… sexier than I woulda guessed.”

“I can tell,” she said with a grin, hand still on his erection. Then she swung that hand around and placed it on his chest, leaning a little of her weight on him as she lifted up and back with her thighs. She didn’t bother with guiding him in; she just wriggled a little to get his head in the right place, and pushed slowly down.

“Thank you,” she whispered as she rode him. “For your help. For your hope. For your love. For being who you are.”

Then Nina’s voice came from the speakers:

Birds flying high, you know how I feel

Sun in the sky, you know how I feel

Breeze drifting on by, you know how I feel

It’s a new dawn, it’s a new day…

And I’m feelin’ good.

Meagan matched her stroke to the rhythm, smile on her lips even as she started to breathe a little heavy, eyes never leaving his even as they half-closed in bliss, squeezing a little tighter with those well-trained inner muscles until, just as the song hit its climax, so did he.

“Freedom is mine,” Meagan echoed the song, still riding him while he had hardness left. “And you know how I feel.”

She laid herself down along his body as his shivers died away. “Did you come?” he asked when he got his breath back.

“Didn’t need to,” she said. “It’s not always about that, y’know? You’ll set me on fire sometime soon, I know, but tonight I just wanted to do nice things for you. Besides, you felt really good in me, and I always love feeling you come when I have you there. And watching you come, too.” She ran her fingers through his hair. “We should get up and pee and brush our teeth, but that involves putting clothes back on.”

“We’d better not get anything on this bedspread, though,” Parker said.

“Whoops. Forgot about that… let’s see, best way to do that is keep you in me. Keep all the mess contained. But how are we gonna get off the bed then, you ask? Well, I’ve got a plan.”

“Hmm?”

“Follow my lead and just roll with it.”

“Wait, is that—”

She literally rolled over, pulling him with her right off the edge of the bed and onto the carpeted floor below. He landed on top.

“Ooof,” she said with a wince. “My bladder didn’t appreciate that at all.”

“You deserve it for that pun.”

“Maybe so, but we’d better grab a towel, just in case I leak from either hole.”

They managed to get sufficiently cleaned up with tissues to get some clothes on and make their way down the hall to the bathroom. Mindful of the parents in their room across the hall, they said little—though Meagan grinned cheerfully up at him and kissed his hip as she peed—until they went back to her room.

“We’ll need to be a little more careful about staining anything,” Meagan said, looking at her rented bed and the carpet on the floor, “but I gotta say, I see some possibilities for some fun with having just one bathroom.”

“There could be some pile-ups, yeah,” Parker said cautiously.

“But also I’d be happy to take that outside.”

“Maybe that would be better. I’m still nervous of them finding out…”

“They won’t. We’ll hide it fine. Besides, even if they did, maybe they wouldn’t care.”

“Huh?”

“You do know the story behind Wonder Woman, yeah? How the man who invented her was into all kinds of kinky bondage stuff? Maybe your folks have their own secret, huh? I saw how your mom blushed when your dad called her ‘Diana’!”

“Oh, dear god, please don’t. I do not want that idea in my head.”

“Too late! Just be grateful I waited to tell you until after we had sex of our own, I knew it would throw you off. But yeah, your dad was pretty obvious about giving us room to get it on. By the way, I am so grateful to your mother, for so many reasons—but I really like your dad.”

~~~~~~~

I'm gonna try to wrap this up today or tomorrow, folks.

*011*2018-06-30 23:23

Here we go, folks:

~~~~~~~~~~

Since both Donna and Will worked, Meagan and Parker deeply enjoyed the next week.

“I could get used to this,” Parker said after their fifth straight day of having sex.

“Well, don’t,” Meagan said. She was lying on her belly reading something on Parker’s laptop, the perfect image of the perfectly-studious college kid—if not for the fact that she was stark naked. “I mean, it’s been awesome, but two things: one, next week I really need to focus on getting a job, and once I get one I’ll probably be gone a lot, and two—well. How to say this? I have enjoyed every minute of our fuckin’ this week, ‘cause we have not had this much freedom since… in ages, and I would like to try something different soon, mmkay?”

“That can be arranged. Anything in mind?”

“Well, I’d like to take tomorrow off. Maybe the day after. My vagina thanked you for choosing my boobs last night, and I think my whole body would like a little break.”

Parker was a little disappointed, and realized it probably showed, so he said, “Well, we can do that—but my body’s still raring to go.”

“Oh, and it will be even more after I’m through with it. I thought we could do our usual trade sometime soon: I control your coming, you control my peeing.”

“Mmmmmm. I do like that.”

“On Saturday, since your folks will be around, I thought we could do something with them in the afternoon and then go out after. Find a place where we can be a little wilder. A place for me to pee in ‘public.’”

Parker’s mind immediately flashed back to Annie on the playground. Then a wave of disgust rolled through him.

She wasn’t even looking at him, but somehow she knew. She rolled on her side to see him (hand casually draped across her hip) and said, “What’s up?”

“I was just remembering poor Annie on the playground. I felt bad for her then. Now that I’ve got more knowledge about consent, I feel really bad for her. She didn’t ask for that.”

“Tell me the story again,” Meagan said, in what he thought of her “proto-therapist” voice.

When he was finished, she asked, “So what did you do wrong?”

“Mostly? I enjoyed it. At all, I mean. I wasn’t happy about it, I felt bad for her—but I jacked off.”

“Yup, that’s really the only problem I’m seeing, and as problems go, it’s not huge. You tried to help her, you tried to make things right. She was super-embarrassed but it doesn’t sound like you had much you could do about it. But now: you know better now, you would do better next time, but you can’t do better for her back then. The past is past. So why are you still holding onto it? Especially the guilt?”

“I don’t know…”

“Well. It’s probably not therapeutically approved, but I think we just figured out where I’m peeing on Saturday night, huh?”

“We did?”

“Oh yeah.”

~~~~

The next morning, he woke up with her gently stroking his morning erection.

“I thought we weren’t gonna do anything today,” he mumbled, still fuzzy.

“Correction,” she said with a smile. “My body wanted a break. You said yours was still raring to go. And we agreed on our usual trade. So I’m teasing you until Saturday night.”

“Ah…”

“For instance, I was waiting until you woke up just so I could tell you this: I gotta pee. I’m going to the bathroom now and I’m gonna let it all out, in a nice big rush. Just picture that for me while I’m gone, ‘kay?”

She slipped into a t-shirt and sweatpants (“Not the robe,” she’d said earlier in the week, “too daring”), crossed her legs as she blew him a kiss, and padded barefoot down the hall.

~~~~~

By Saturday, after several days of this treatment, Parker was pretty keyed up. His parents took them out to the riverfront park for a walk, since it was a lovely day in May and it wasn’t too humid yet. Meagan was on her best behavior for most of the time, but when she laid eyes on the river she did whisper in Parker’s ear, “All that water!” and grinned at his reaction. And halfway through the walk, as they held hands, she made them drop back to “admire something” for a minute, and said, “So what I want you to do for the rest of this walk is look for places for me to pee.”

“Do you need to go?” he said.

“Yup! I’ve been drinking plenty today. I’m not going to pee out here, there’s a bathroom back at the parking lot and if I can’t make it back that far, my name’s not Meagan the Mighty. But I want you to imagine that there isn’t a bathroom there, that I can’t make it any farther, that I’ve gotta go now. Just picture it in your mind as we walk along…”

But she didn’t pee at the parking lot bathroom; she held it until they got back to the house, then politely waited her turn as Donna went first, flashing Parker a dazzling grin. She really did pee then, but didn’t so much as glance at the bathroom after dinner, despite drinking an iced tea and plenty of water at the meal.

After dinner, Meagan and Parker went out “to watch the sun go down,” and made their way over to the little park where Annie had had her accident not quite two years before. There were a few kids still, so they walked around a bit until the sun was truly down, then headed back in. There were still a few kids, of an older variety—late middle school or early high school, Parker couldn’t tell; young, anyway—but these seemed inhibited by the presence of the two college students and soon moved off.

“Let’s go swinging!” Meagan said, and hopped onto one. Parker took the one next to her and tried to keep up as she pumped for altitude. “Whew, that’s a little hard on me,” she said—and kept pumping.

“Hard how?”

“Bladder, of course!”

“Scale of one to wetting yourself?”

“If I weren’t holding for you, I’d have gone before we left the house, but I’m a long ways away from pissing my pants.”

They simply enjoyed the delight of swinging in the cooling evening air. The park lights had come on and lit up the playground a little, but no one was around, and the houses that bordered the park all had high fences—to keep people from looking in their back yards and back doors, of course, but it helped Meagan and Parker now.

After some energetic swinging, Meagan eased off and coasted for a long time, gradually getting lower and lower. Parker matched her as they talked. After nearly half an hour on the swings, Meagan jumped down and said, “’Kay, I think I’m ready. Up on the play structure, right?”

“Yeah.” Parker got off his swing and followed her up.

At the top of the playground, things seemed a little darker. Perhaps the trees were blocking the lamplight. Regardless, it seemed that Meagan was lit more by the stars than by the lamps.

“So in your story she was wearing a bikini top,” she said. “Well, I didn’t wear one tonight. I don’t think you’ll mind, though.” She stripped off her t-shirt and hung it over the railing, then leaned back in just her red bra. Parker moved in close so he could see her freckles, then bent to kiss her cleavage. She pushed one bra strap off her shoulder, then the other, and let the cups slip. Her left nipple peeked over the edge. She unhooked the already-half-off bra and hung it beside her shirt. Then, with a magician’s flourish, she produced a small bottle of lube.

“Go ahead and feel me up,” she said softly. “I’ll handle you. Literally.”

Four minutes later, with his hands full of her breasts and her hand full of his cock, he moaned a little. She immediately let go. “Not yet,” she said with a smile.

“What about you?”

“Oh, I think we both can wait,” she said. “It’s getting harder for both of us, though, isn’t it?” She was locking down—no obvious visible sign, but he knew her well.

“Yeah,” he said, looking down at the erection she’d built up and then abandoned.

She wiped the lube off her hand with a tissue, then tucked both tissue and bra into the pockets of her jeans. Then she cupped her breasts, running her hands over them. He watched, enraptured. “Getting a little chilly out here, isn’t it?” she said. Her nipples were hard. “Makes me need to pee more. I really do need to pee. A lot. Shall I pee for you?”

“If you want to,” Parker said.

“Mmm, perfect answer. I’m gonna wait a little more. To make you a little more turned on, and to make me a little more desperate, and to show that I can. Then—where should I pee? Right here on the play structure? Down in the bark? Over behind that tree?” She mused on this for a moment, then spun out a story. “Oooh, yeah. Let’s pretend we don’t know each other that well, let’s pretend we’re just a couple of high school kids dating, and I am super-embarrassed that I need to pee. I can’t let you see me—but where can I go…?”

She crossed her legs. “Or I could just pee right here. We both could. We could have a piss-for-distance contest right here.”

“I can’t pee right now,” Parker said, resisting the urge to clutch his cock and jerk off.

“Fair enough. Shall we do the other way, then? Behind a tree?”

“Yeah, that sounded good…”

Meagan pulled her shirt back on (but didn’t go for her bra). She leaned up against him, back to him, bumped his erection with her butt, pulled his hands up to her bra-less breasts. “Glad you got to first base, hon?”

“I thought this was second base.”

“...Maybe we’re using different scales. Anyway, do you like it?”

“Mmmmhmm.”

“I’d let you get to third tonight, but I’m sorry, I really need to pee. Bad. Like, ‘I’m about to piss myself’ bad. Do you see anywhere I can go?”

“Sorry, not really—maybe behind a tree? That’s what I’d do.”

“You’re still gonna see my naked behind!”

“Do you think you can hold it until we get home?”

“No.”

“Well, I guess you’re going behind the tree or in your pants, then!”

“I guess…” Meagan pulled away from him, moved to climb down the ladder, then instead turned and slid down the slide.

“That makes me feel like I’m five again,” she said from the bottom.

“Just don’t let your bladder think that or you’ll piss your pants for real.”

She walked over to a tree—not the one he’d pointed out, but one that was a fair bit thinner. She turned back, legs crossed, slightly bent over. “Don’t look!” she said—but she gave a little nod and smile to show she was only acting the part.

Parker, still up above, just smiled and leaned forward on the railing, making sure his hard-on (still out of his pants) didn’t bump the wood.

Meagan danced around for a moment, making a big show of looking in all directions, and then unbuttoned her jeans, skinned them down to her knees—and then paused again, looking around, once again bouncing a little in desperation as she did. This did fascinating things to her bra-less boobs, and Parker watched with deep pleasure. Finally Meagan pulled down her panties and braced herself against the rather skinny tree. As she said, her butt was plainly showing. So was her stream as she let go a moment later.

It didn’t seem like a hugely long pee, but she straightened up, got dressed again, and came back up to join him looking much relieved.

“Didn’t seem like you had to go that bad,” Parker said. “I think you could have held it.”

“High-school-sweetheart me, or Meagan-the-Mighty me?”

“Either.”

She shrugged. “Did you like it, though?”

“Yeah, it was pretty nice! A little different. We should experiment again sometime.”

“And how are you doing?” she asked, running a pinky finger over his hard-on.

He shivered. “I’d like to let it out, too,” he said.

“Not yet. Put it away, lover, we’re going home.”

“I’ll get lube all over my shorts.”

“I’ve got some piss-spray on mine. We’re pretty even, I’d say.”

Hand in hand, they walked back toward Parker’s house. The latest imagery kept him pretty aroused, though, and he still had a noticeable bulge in his shorts. She noticed, and in between streetlights she gave him a quick rub over his pants.

Instead of going up to the front door, however, she led him to the side gate into the back yard. It was locked, but he had the key. Meagan opened the gate quietly, then peek her head around the house as he shot the deadbolt behind them. He could hear his mother’s music playing. When he started to walk all the way into the backyard, she pushed him against the wall and shook her head. Then she leaned close and whispered in his ear, “Your parents are out on the patio. We’re gonna stay right here.”

He nodded, wondering what game she was playing at—until she very slowly unzipped his shorts and maneuvered his penis out through the fly of his boxers. He glanced around, but the fence on two sides and the house wall on the third made perfect cover—so long as his parents didn’t get up and come around the house. The lube bottle reappeared in Meagan’s hand and, with total stealth, she applied a little dab on the tip, stroking his whole length. He looked at her like she was crazy.

“I decide when and where,” she whispered in his ear. “And by the way: I didn’t let it all out. Still gotta go. Bad.”

That had him hard again in a flash—despite the parental proximity, despite the fear of discovery. And she had him in a tight grip now, well-lubed. She wasn’t pumping fast, for fear of making noise, but there was no doubt she was going to make him come right there.

Then she doubled down. She nuzzled him and then blew him a kiss (not daring the sound of an actual one?) and then, after waving that hand to draw his attention, slid it under her waistband and between her legs. Holding? Fingering her clit? Both? He couldn’t tell.

Fear fought desire in his mind. But desire had Meagan’s hand on its side, and then Meagan leaned close again and breathed in his ear, “So bad.” She was wriggling now.

He couldn’t resist that. Biting his tongue against the moan, he came—right into his mother’s planter boxes along the fence.

She bit back a giggle—and then bit back her own sigh. Her eyes closed in ecstasy and she shuddered with her own climax.

Not ten seconds later, as he was still dripping from his cock and trying not to fall over or blush or make any noise, she reached past him, unbolted the deadbolt, and pushed the gate open. It bumped against the fence. She scraped her feet on the flagstones as if wiping off her sandals, holding up a warning hand that said Stay here, and then strode into the back yard.

“We’re back!”

“Hello, dear. Parker right behind you?”

“Yup! I was just noticing your flowers along the side, there. Would you like me to water them?”

“Oh, yes, please, I’ve been forgetting it. Hose is right over there at the corner.”

“Yup, I saw it. No need to get up, I got it!”

“Thank you, Meagan.”

She came back to the corner of the house, turned on the hose—wincing a bit as she did—and began to spray down the planter boxes. She also splashed a little water on the ground, entirely intentionally, and gestured for Parker to piss into it. Still aching from his terrified climax, and still terrified of being caught, he nonetheless grinned at her ingenuity and pissed his pipes clean. As soon as he tapered off and put away his (still-sticky) dick, she held out the hose and with the other hand mimed pulling down her pants. He grinned and walked past her into the back yard, exchanged a couple “good evenings” and explained where they’d gone on their walk. Only when his mother said, “Oh, that’s probably enough, Meagan!” did he walk back, saying over his shoulder, “We’ll just give it a little more in case we forget again.”

Meagan was standing cross-legged—no, one leg wrapped around the other—with a look of mixed exasperation, desperation, and admiration on her face. He responded with a quizzical shrug. She mimed the difficulty of getting her pants off one-handed. At last he took the hose. She whipped her shorts down to her knees and squatted, hovering over the planter boxes to let go at last.

Safely back inside their room with some music playing, they looked at each other—and collapsed into laughter.

“That was awesome,” Meagan said.

“I couldn’t believe it when you told me ‘I decide where and when’. You always make me wait!”

“Yeah, but the whole point is that I don’t make you come at times of your choosing. I found a moment when you wouldn’t want to come… so it was time to make you come anyway! But you, just walking past me, leaving me there desperate to piss with a running hose in my hand…”

“Fair’s fair.”

“Oh, totally fair! I just loved your sense of timing.”

“I wondered why you hadn’t just set the hose down in the box.”

“And ruin your setup? No, after that grin I knew you’d be back in a minute.”

“You did come, right?”

“Mmmhmm! Not as explosively as you, but I did. It all turned me on so much. The control, the lack of control…”

“Dear god you’re amazing.”

“You’re pretty cool yourself.”

“Thank you.”

“Thanks all around.”

He wrapped her in a big hug.

“You wanna keep this going for a while?” Meagan asked, leaning her head on his shoulder. “This crazy thing we got?”

“Oh yeah.”

“Good. So do I. Let’s do it.”

*013*2018-07-01 00:04

So we made it to the end of "Season 2", everyone! Thank you for reading.

A few things about the future of this ongoing saga:

1) I'm going to put all the Season 2 stories together in a compilation, titled "Meagan & Parker". There are a few planned extras. One (perhaps the hottest thing I've ever done, IMO) is already written, another is half-written, two or three other short snippets are planned. I am going to sell the compilation this time, though I am still working out how and at what cost.

2) "Season 3" is outlined! None of it's written, but I have a lot of story ideas for Meagan & Parker's next year at college. The tentative title is "Housemates." Not to give anything away, but I'm guessing this next year will be the wildest. It will also be the last year, since Meagan will graduate at the end of it -- and then what? Well, I'm not sure myself.

3) Nothing's gonna happen for a while. I'm stepping away from Meagan & Parker for a bit. Not for lack of love, I assure you -- I've really enjoyed putting this together, and I also really appreciate all my fans and their support. But. My other writing has suffered -- projects a lot older and, I have to say, more important than Parker's story -- and I need to get back to it. I've spent a lot of time writing this story that, by necessity, I had to steal from other writing.

4) I'm also going to step away from omo.org for a bit because I want to reset my sex life, and because it'll be all the more fun when I get back to omo. For once I am not doing this out of guilt or shame, but just because I want to, and because I can, and because I know I'll be welcome when I come back!

5) But remember, I've got many more stories to tell. So don't despair.

See y'all on the other side, and thanks so much for reading.

