The Third Reason I Love You

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2018-12-12 13:28

Today is day three in my "Week of Seven Reasons That I Love You, Holly" seventh anniversary present.

Holly is barely in this one. And it's super-duper embarrassing for me to tell. And not because it is mushy. So the fact that I am telling it means that I really, really love her. Please don't bring it up! Ever!

###

My first "real job", was at a recruiting firm downtown. R&K. The type that is all chrome and glass and well dressed people going to very important meetings with briefcases. It was exciting and scary and I felt very grown up to need to wear "very nice work clothes" to a job instead of a crappy fast-food uniform. It wasn't the best job and I ended up moving on after a few months but during the first week I was just so eager to please and "into it". I was twenty-one. You need to save your judgey for later in this story.

I have always hated public bathrooms. Since I was a toddler. I don't like the way they smell. Or that they are never quite clean. Or the sounds. Or touching surfaces. I don't like public bathrooms. I kinda wish I was a guy just so I'd have to touch less stuff in public bathrooms. Just for that part. Not anything else about that whole package.

Anyway. I don't like to use them. I mean I do and I will if I have to. But I prefer not to. And I've been blessed/trained myself to have a large and strong bladder so I don't have to all that often.

Now anyone who avoids public bathrooms knows you also need to avoid drinking too much in public. However at R&K everyone drinks coffee all day. It's some sort of corporate thing I guess. But since I felt like I needed to fit in that meant I had to drink coffee all day as well. Which means I needed to use their bathrooms sometimes. Which in theory was fine. The bathrooms were chrome and glass and very, very, clean. I think they had a cleaner on staff to just go around the building and keep cleaning the bathrooms. But you don't change the habits of a lifetime in a week. So on my fourth day at R&K, even though I needed to pee, at the end of the day I just left work without going to the bathroom. I figured I could go at Holly's. She was expecting me and it was only a thirty minute bus ride.

I hadn't brought an umbrella to work with me that day because the morning had looked fine. But by the evening one of those summer storms had blown in and it was pouring rain. I was soaked by the time I got to Holly's and knocked on her front door even though I had jogged the few hundred yards from the bus stop. I may have jogged because I really needed to pee. It's not easy to jog in heels.

She didn't answer the door.

I knocked harder.

Nope...

I noticed her car wasn't in the driveway.

I called her mobile.

Nope. Straight to voicemail.

This wasn't like Holly. She was never not home when she was expecting me. I started to worry that she had been in a car accident or something.

I looked for her spare key under the doormat. All the pot plants. On top of the weird columns along her narrow porch. Nope. Turns out she wisely doesn't keep a spare key outside.

I thought about peeing in the backyard. But it was still daylight. And dinnertime. And I didn't want Holly's neighbors seeing some random girl squatting in her yard.

So I just waited.

And paced around on the porch.

And waited.

And walked laps of her driveway.

And waited.

And peed.

That's right. I pissed my goddamned pants, my expensive "very nice work clothes", right there in the middle of Holly's driveway. In broad daylight. Stone cold sober.

The moment I finished. Like that exact moment. Holly pulled into the street. The rain had caused an accident on the link road and she had been stuck there for an hour while they cleared it.

When she got out of the car I burst into tears. Wetting your pants for the first time in fifteen years is an emotional experience.

"Oh babe! I'm so, so sorry!" Holly meant for me waiting in the rain, which had actually stopped by this point, and for me being worried. I was so wet from the rain she didn't have any idea that that isn't why I was upset. "Are you OK?" She asked when I kept crying.

"I peed" I whispered as she took my hand. I don't know why I told her. I totally could have got away with it. I must have been in shock or something.

"Did you?" She said and led me toward her front door. "Where?"

"On myself." I murmured. Shame burning the back of my throat.

She stopped at looked at me for a moment while I wouldn't meet her eyes. "Oh honey... It's OK. No one else ever needs to know." And then I felt her arms around me. "At least it was raining and you were wet anyway."

Then we went inside. I cleaned up. Holly poured wine. She never brought it up again, just intuitively knew it wasn't something that I'd find funny to be teased about.

Anyway. Now everyone knows. It's been ten years. I'm happy to report that nothing like that has ever happened again.

But this, my love, is the third reason I love you.

*007*2018-12-17 11:47

{{On 12/13/2018 at 2:47 AM, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent

}}

{{On 12/13/2018 at 5:45 AM, nc_omo_dude said:

That was great!

}}

Thanks!

{{On 12/13/2018 at 10:45 AM, remos6 said:

Short and sweet - the return to happy and optimistic Katy I hope

}}

{{21 hours ago, Manowar said:

Yeah, it looks as you're right. Thanks Katy ❤

}}

Thanks guys :) I felt good enough to write a sweet story! That's a good thing!

{{On 12/13/2018 at 7:32 PM, AliasnameTO said:

Too sweet. I'm not usually a fan of business attire wettings, or a minimum of intimate description, but I can see how it would endear one to Holly indelibly. <33

}}

That's what I was going for. Definitely not a "maximum sexy" story. But maximum sweet. :)

{{3 hours ago, taiwanese1897 said:

Is this an ongoing series? Did I miss the first 2? Anyway, awesome story!

}}

Thank you! Nah It's a one off. The idea was that the writer is doing a blog post a day for a week about seven reasons why she loves her wife. Day 3 was because Holly understands her, using the story of the time the writer wet herself. There's a little bit more to it but no one but me needs to look too deeply at it. :p I didn't write the other days because they wouldn't involve pee. :)

