Coming and Growing (Bree & Tam #5)

Author: Weasel

*005*2021-09-18 17:16

A little delayed, sorry! But it's my busy time of year.

Heads up, this is as close as I'll ever get to poop desperation.

###

The next morning Bree woke up and realized she had a problem.

She didn’t have to pee badly—which probably meant she was a little dehydrated—but she’d soon have to do more than just pee, and this wasn’t something the sink could help her with.

She went into the bathroom…

She looked at the toilet…

She hunted through the bathroom and the kitchen for cleaning supplies…

She hunted through Google Maps…

…And she set out for the drug store she’d found a few blocks away, leaving a note for Tam on her pillow.

She hadn’t brought a lot of cash. But her father had insisted she get a credit card—one with quite a low limit, admittedly. And so she rang up rubber gloves, a scrub brush, scouring soap, and bleach.

By the time she was finished at the drug store, she definitely felt she needed to pee. She could also tell that it wasn’t so much from a full bladder as it was from limited space. Fortunately it was a short walk back to the apartment. And fortunately she’d thought to grab Tam’s keys. It took a bit to find the right one, but she managed. Tam was still asleep; DeMarcus’s door was still closed. She went into the bathroom and attacked the toilet.

It was the right word. She really had to scrub hard to scrape off even just the top layer of the grime and gunk of who-knows-how-long. Every now and then she had to flush just to see what was left to scrub off, and the flushing sound was getting increasingly hard on her. It turned out it was hard to cross her legs while also kneeling on the bathroom floor. She switched to sitting on her heel.

After several passes, she felt she’d made a big improvement cosmetically. But it was hardly clean. She dumped in a lot of bleach and scrubbed again, seat and bowl and tank and all. Finally she stood back, satisfied with her work. The trouble was that now she had to wait ten minutes before the bleach had really done its work.

She decided to scrub the bathtub while she was waiting. The trouble was that she kept looking at her phone to see if it had been ten minutes yet. And time was apparently creeping.

Since Bree had met Tam, she’d been involuntarily desperate because of a camper meltdown, a rainstorm, and public transportation. This is the most ridiculous yet. I’ve got a toilet right here and I’m still not using it…

Before too long she had to abandon the pretense of cleaning the tub. She stood leaning against the wall, staring at the toilet, legs double-knotted, gritting her teeth. She had to go so bad. And the toilet was right there. Am I being an idiot? No, I know exactly how much crap—literal crap—I got off that toilet.

She could hold her own crap—butt muscles being better reinforcement for that sphincter than pelvic muscles were for the other one. But the need to pee was skyrocketing.

I’m gonna wait as long as possible. The full ten minutes at least. Fifteen if I can.

She couldn’t. In fact she couldn’t even make it to nine.

A few minutes later, much relieved in two senses but still irrationally worried she might have caught something from the now-sparkling toilet, she slipped back into Tam’s room. She was grateful she’d thought of the gloves; her hands would have been rubbed raw, and reeking of chlorine, if she hadn’t been wearing them. But instead she could snuggle up to Tam without waking him unpleasantly.

By the time Tam finally woke up, Bree had another problem: she was quite hungry. She squelched this.

Tam rolled over and kissed her. “Hey. You’re still here.”

“Of course I am,” she said.

“I dreamed you were gone and I couldn’t find you.” He sighed. “Nightmare. Glad it’s not true!”

“Oh, honey!” She cuddled him extra-hard.

The cuddling quickly turned into making out, and a little fondling as well, and Tam whispered, “Do you wanna do it again?”

“If we’re doing it,” she said triumphantly, “you really should be able to say it.”

He grinned. “Oh, you’re going there, huh? Well, in that case: wanna fuck?”

“Mmm, not sure,” she said. “What you’re doing feels nice.” Really what she wanted was breakfast. But sex would be nice too.

“Well, I could definitely be talked into fucking,” Tam said, “but if you’re not sure, I kinda gotta pee.”

“And I’m kinda hungry.”

“I think we’re talking ourselves out of it.”

“Mmmmm, but what you’re doing does feel nice.”

“I can keep going, then,” he said. “For a little while.”

She returned the favor. He hardened under her hand, but she kept her strokes gentle and slow. Eventually, however, he had to say, “So now I really do need to pee,. So either you should stop touching me entirely, or go faster.”

“Oh, come on,” Bree said. “You can hold it. I can hold it a lot longer than that.”

He chuckled. “Yes, that does seem to be true. But right when I’m waking up…? But it’s your decision. Stop now or go farther.”

“Why is it my decision? It’s your body.”

“It is. But I’m letting my lover decide.”

“Which would you rather?”

“Stop for now,” he said with a sigh. “I could maybe do three times a day, but I’d rather pace myself a little…”

“Three?”

He grinned. “We did say something about practicing.” But he got up and went to the bathroom.

When he came back he had a puzzled look on his face. “Bree, did you clean that toilet?”

“Um—yeah.”

“That’s… I thought it was just permanently stained. I’ve never seen it that clean! Holy shit!”

She snickered.

“All right, poor choice of words,” he said, rolling his eyes. But then he got more serious. “You didn’t have to do that,” he said.

“I kinda did,” she said. “I just couldn’t bear to put my butt down on that thing until I’d sterilized it.”

He nodded reluctant acceptance—and then said, “Wait. You’ve gone to the bathroom a bunch.”

“Mostly I used the sink. But that wasn’t an option this morning.”

This time he shook his head. “Damn. God damn. I’ve tried to clean that thing, and it never worked…”

“Just had to give it some elbow grease,” she said, miming a scrubbing operation.

“Uh-huh,” he said. And somehow she felt like she’d embarrassed him somehow.

“How about breakfast?” she asked, to change the subject.

“Ooh, good idea. We’ve got some options…”

Turns out everything he had in mind was eating out. She was getting hungry enough, and he’d slept long enough, that a big brunch made sense, so she went along with it. It took a little time, though, between deciding on a place, then walking there, then waiting for the food. Then it was her turn to be embarrassed, when he remarked on how hungry she seemed.

“Well, I woke up a while ago,” she said. “You were asleep for a long time…”

“Didn’t we agree that you should eat when you want to eat?” he said.

“I wanted to wait and eat with you!”

“Well, fair warning: when I’m not working or at school, I sleep pretty late. But also, don’t put off your needs for me! Don’t schedule yourself around me! Girls are always putting themselves second to guys. Fight the socialization, love!”

She laughed, but felt a little awkward. To cover it up she saw a chance to be a little GGG again, and she took it. “Don’t put off my needs, huh? Welllll, what if I want to? Waiting on a certain something can end up feeling pretty good for both of us, no?”

“Fair enough, fair enough—but we should still talk that out in advance. Mutual agreement for putting off that particular need.”

Having eaten, Tam pointed out that they now had the whole day and could go exploring. After a quick stopover at home to brush teeth, they went off and did exactly that.

It turned out they had very different tastes in what to go check out, which led to a little give and take on the subway as they sorted out where to go. They also had different tastes in art, but that had led to some interesting discussions. After a few hours they circled back to the apartment, and found they had company.

As DeMarcus had said, Lisa was coming over. Lisa was a petite Vietnamese-American girl who was anything but meek and mild. She had forceful opinions on a wide variety of subjects that threw Bree into a spiral of confusion. Bree had never been more aware that she was from a small-ish city in Wisconsin; Lisa had lived in Vietnam and France as well as Boston, and drew on her wide-ranging experience to show Bree how much more she, Lisa, knew.

But on a few things they bonded. Lisa was in full rebellion against a traditionalist family (although ironically it was her brothers, not her parents, who were the main problem in Lisa’s mind), and although Bree wasn’t about to flip off her family and leave as Lisa had, she did feel some kinship as Lisa described finding her own way—especially romantically. Bree got the distinct impression that Lisa had picked DeMarcus for his “taboo” half-Blackness as much as anything else. But they clearly got along well. Quite well.

Lisa was also quite appreciative of Bree in one way: her cleaning efforts that morning.

“Oh, girl, I am so glad you did that,” Lisa said. “There have been days I went back to my place just because I didn’t want to use that bathroom!”

“Wait,” DeMarcus said. “So sometimes when you said you had ‘girl stuff’ you needed to do, you just didn’t like my cleaning?”

“Well, yeah, honey,” Lisa said. (“Honey” sounded a bit more sour than sweet on her lips.) “Bree just bailed you out, but think about all the sex you could miss out on if you don’t keep it clean.”

DeMarcus laughed. He did have an excellently rich laugh. “Understood.”

A while after this, Lisa stepped into DeMarcus’ room and changed into her yoga gear. But she did her poses in the main room. Bree watched, amazed, as Lisa did some remarkable things with her body. But the amazement was mixed. Lisa looked like every straight man’s dream: small and sexy and super-flexible. And she was wearing skintight clothing. And no bra.

After a while Bree started cooking so she’d stop staring, and perhaps as a way of proving herself. But even there Lisa intruded a bit. While she was appreciative of Bree cooking for everyone, she found Bree’s style a little bland and wasn’t shy about mentioning it. (Her bluntness in her Boston accent did dispel the “submissive Asian girlfriend” stereotype pretty ably, though. Later Bree realized that this was entirely deliberate.) To Bree’s discomfort, Lisa’s suggestions about possible additions really made it all taste a lot better. The guys, at least, were straightforward in their gratitude.

Not long after the food was eaten or stashed for tomorrow, and after the guys had pitched in with the clean-up, Lisa drew DeMarcus into his room and closed the door.

“Um,” Tam said, “we should probably go to my room.”

“Why?”

“They do get a little loud.”

Even in Tam’s room with the door closed, both DeMarcus and Lisa were quite audible. Lisa in particular. (Later, Bree realized that this was probably quite deliberate, too.)

All in all, it hadn’t been quite the day Bree had hoped for, and when Tam began kissing her ardently, to her own surprise she felt reluctant to respond. Still, she’d felt disconnected from Tam all day, and what could be more connecting than sex? So she decided to get him off, even if she wasn’t feeling excited herself.

The trouble was, Tam wanted to try out some new things for her sake. He wanted to see how her body responded to certain positions. So Bree’s efforts at focusing on him somehow ended up with her bent over on the bed with Tam fucking her from behind.

The annoying thing was, she could feel that the position was actually pretty good—it was a nice angle in her, and it allowed Tam to reach around and feel her clit. Everything was going quite well mechanically, and when she could turn off her thinking for a few moments it all felt great.

But Bree felt extremely uncomfortable. She tried to focus on the feeling—the quite real pleasure he was giving her—but the timing, the position, and frankly all of Tam’s bikini posters, all added up to make her feel… off.

Tam had kept asking “Does that feel good?” and she’d been able to answer honestly that it did, because it had. But then he asked, “How you doing, love?” and she just about burst out into tears.

To his everlasting credit, Tam didn’t just stop thrusting but pulled out of her—gently—and immediately dropped down to the bed beside her. “What’s wrong?” he asked.

It took a moment or two for her to speak, because she had to sort the tangle of emotions. At first all she could say was that Lisa was bothering her. She’d meant to imply Lisa’s opinionated attitude, but Tam said, “Oh! Are you feeling like we’re trying to compete?”

“That’s it exactly,” Bree said—and felt that surge of connection to her lover she’d been missing all day. He gets me. He really does.

Tam ran a hand through his hair in frustration. “Shit. I should have thought—they start getting it on, and I start feeling you up…”

“And, well, Lisa was kind of showing off all afternoon.”

“Oh, you mean the yoga?”

“And the yoga clothes. Sort of both of those together.”

Tam blushed. “Yeah. She’s like that.”

“Do you think she’s hot?”

“Um. Yeah. She’s very attractive. I used to get jealous of Marcus all the time.”

“Used to?”

“It’s like those posters,” Tam said, gesturing to the dozens of airbrushed curves in easy view from his bed. “All of that was freakin’ hot once. In the abstract it’s still sexy. But honestly—none of it really does anything for me any more. Why would I want them, or Lisa, if I could have you?”

“Really?”

“Really. You’re real.”

“So if they were real—if you could get with them—”

“Oh, whoops, bad phrasing. No, no way. I mean, nothing you see here is real. I’m not talking breast implants, I’m talking airbrushing, photographer’s tricks, the works. I mean, have those women eaten anything? Ever? Those pictures are supposed to make me dream. But that’s all they could be, dreams. Two-dimensional. You’re a real person. You eat, you fart, you piss, you sweat. You have hopes and fears and smart thoughts and you can wrangle pre-teens and climb mountains and longboard and cook and make me feel so cared for. They… can look pretty. There’s just no comparison.”

“So you’re saying that if even you had the chance—”

“Not unless they can get pre-teen girls to come out of their shells.”

“Even those two? Both of them? Threesomes are supposed to be a dude’s biggest turn-on.”

“Both at once? Not unless they can longboard.”

He finally got to her: she laughed. “And Lisa?”

“Lisa comes on strong. I should have warned you. She’s a lot more mellow after she gets to know you—or more accurately after you get to know her. She doesn’t want anyone, for a tiny instant, to think she’s a pushover. I mean, think about it. She’s the embodiment of certain stereotypes—until she opens her mouth. So she does that a lot. Especially around white folks.”

“Oh! Oohhhh…”

“Frankly—well, no. I shouldn’t be jumping to conclusions. So let’s just say that this is a possibility, not a fact. But there’s a real possibility that she feels threatened by you. That she’s making it really clear that DeMarcus is hers.”

“Oh wow. Tam, you are blowing my mind.”

“Well, that was the general idea. I was planning on doing it differently, but…”

She giggled. “Let’s come back to that.”

“So, take a breather?”

“I want… I want to go for a walk. Just move my feet.”

“There’s a park not far away.”

“Perfect!”

They got dressed quickly and headed out.

It turned out that a short walk—getting outside and under trees—was exactly what Bree needed. She felt better as soon as they started moving. The trees completed the cure. There was no pretending they weren’t in a city. But it felt so, so much better. Bree actually hugged one of the trees.

When she opened her eyes, and saw Tam watching her, she felt embarrassed—for about a second. Then she saw the light in his eyes. “There you are,” he breathed.

She swept him up in her arms and kissed him. “Here I am,” she whispered back.

“Don’t know what I was thinking, bringing you here,” he said into her shoulder.

“What? This place is lovely!”

“I didn’t mean the park. I meant the city. You’re so not a city girl.”

“I’m not,” she admitted. “But I can’t—we can’t—live in the woods forever. So I’ve got to learn to be okay with cities, too.”

“True. But we need to get out into the woods more, you and I.”

“I approve.”

“Maybe a long hiking trip?”

“I definitely approve. But I will grant Boston this much.”

“Hmm?”

“One, even if it’s not the most comfortable, it beats the heck out of having you stay at my house. Trying to have sex with my parents around…?”

“Hah. That sounds bad, yeah.”

“And two, the trees are great. Hikes are great. But you did promise me a bed!”

“Which we just ran away from!”

“Well, maybe we should run back, huh?”

“This wasn’t a super-long walk.”

“Yeah. But I’m hugging you against my chest. And I’ve got no bra on. You’re rubbing my nipples.”

Tam snaked a hand up behind her—under her shirt—to feel for himself. His fingers on her bare back… Yes please. Then she thought better of it and said it aloud. “Yes please.”

“Yes please to what?”

“To you touching me. All over.”

“Here? Now?”

She let him down—and in the process steered his hands to her butt. “No clothes coming off. Not yet, anyway. But—yes to you touching.”

He caressed her tenderly, over her clothes, until she grabbed his hand and walked quickly back towards the house.

And before long they were back in the exact same position (it really had been good!), with her bent over and him in her from behind—but this time she was biting a pillow to keep from crying out.

###

It was while they showered together afterwards—showering together for the first time since that so-memorable night in camp during the monsoon. (The tub scrubbing, which Bree had been forced to abandon earlier that day, had been finished by a team effort before dinner.) As the hot water cascaded down onto their bodies, Bree had felt a sudden urge that couldn’t be delayed or denied, and dropped into a squat. She sighed with pleasure as she added her own hot water.

When she looked up at Tam, she noticed that he was getting a little hard again, even though he’d definitely come in her not so long before. She grinned up at him. “Still interested in this?” she asked.

“Apparently I am,” he said.

“So what I want to do tomorrow,” she said, standing up again, “is do more walking. Especially in parks. That’s been part of my problem, I haven’t been getting enough exercise.”

“Well, we’ve been getting some,” he said, suggestively.

“What we were just doing definitely counts, but it’s not enough,” she said, grinning. “But the other thing I want to do, if you’re willing, is try something new on this other side, too. You know holding it turns me on.”

“Yup.”

“And having you in me turns me on…”

“And a good thing, too.”

“So tomorrow I want to try both at once. Sex while I’m holding.”

“This sounds like an excellent plan.”

###

More coming, quite possibly later today.

*007*2021-09-18 20:59

Bree woke up feeling pleasantly full: heart full of love for her boyfriend; arms full of that boyfriend; bladder full of pee. She simply enjoyed the sensations for a while, drifting on the edge of consciousness. But when she felt Tam begin to stir—both in terms of waking up and in terms of hardening—she took matters into her own hands. And her mouth.

When Tam came fully awake, Bree was gently kissing his hard-on in between strokes of her hand. For lube she was using her own juices, because her other hand was hard at work between her legs.

“Mmmmm.”

“Good morning,” Bree said, looking up at him. “Is this okay? You never really taught me how to do this.”

“The reason I haven’t,” he said sleepily, “is that we really shouldn’t be doing oral without protection…”

“Oh, no! I’m sorry!”

“Too late now,” Tam said. “And honestly, we’ve been kissing each other so much, it doesn’t matter.”

“I’m still sorry. I forgot…”

“Well, since it’s too late—want me to teach you?”

“Yeah! But if it’s okay with you, I don’t want make you come this way. I had someplace else in mind for that.”

“Oh yeah?”

She came up to kiss him on the cheek, and then whisper in his ear: “I gotta pee. And I want you in me.”

Tam groaned. “Oh, Bree, love—I’m sorry, I thought of a problem with that, too.”

“Huh? What problem?”

“So apparently the way girls get UTIs from vaginal sex is that the guys’, um, cocks stir up the bacteria in the girls’ pee. It’s why I keep telling you, you’ve got to pee right after sex.”

“Right…”

“So if you’ve got a lot of pee, that could be a lot of bacteria.”

Bree groaned too. “Oh, no! Tam, I really want to find a way to do this.” She whispered in his ear again. “It feels so good right now already…”

“Sounds like, hon. But I really don’t want to make you sick. I’m told UTIs are the worst.”

“Wait, I thought pee was sterile?”

“Well, nothing’s totally sterile in our bodies. Even when we wash our hands, what we’re trying to do is just dilute the bacteria, since we can’t get rid of it.”

“Well how about that, then?” Bree suggested. “I know how to dilute my pee, that’s easy! I’ve just gotta drink a lot of water, to the point where it’s not yellow at all.”

Tam suddenly perked up. “You’re right! But it would be even better if you drank a lot of water and peed it all out several times. I’m told that’s one way to cure a UTI, anyway—makes sense it would help prevent one.”

“Seems like we just got our project for the day,” Bree said.

“Sit around having you drink water and pee?”

“Walk around having me drink water, and pee a lot. And then,” she added, “once it’s all clear, then I’ll hold it.”

“Walk around where?”

“Somewhere with trees!”

“Let’s take a look at the maps, then.”

“First thing to do, though,” she said, “is pee out everything I’ve already got.”

“Good point.”

“Want to come with me?” she added, slyly.

“It would make the line shorter for DeMarcus and Lisa…”

This meant putting on at least some clothing. Then, in the bathroom, Tam gestured for Bree to go first, but Bree giggled and said, “You don’t have to wait, you know.”

“Huh?”

She sat herself down on the toilet, spread her legs, and said, “You can pee with me.”

“I’ll splash all over you.”

“Then let me aim you. That way it’ll be my own fault.”

But they hit a snag: as soon as she took his penis in her hand, he hardened. “Sorry, I won’t be able to pee until I get soft again,” he said.

She quickly let go.

“No, hold on to it,” he said, “or I won’t get used to it and you won’t be able to aim.”

“Wish you could hurry up and soften,” she muttered a few moments later. “I’m sitting on a toilet and I’ve got my legs spread and I’m naked from the waist down. I gotta go.”

“You’re the one who wants us to pee together.”

“I’m being stubborn today. We’ll wait.”

Eventually he managed to start peeing. Bree so enjoyed the unfamiliar feel of the piss flowing through his penis that she almost forgot to pee herself. But her bladder quickly reminded her.

Fortunately there was minimal splashing after all. They cleaned up, went back to Tam’s room, and got more completely dressed. Bree decided the day had come for her to break out her sundress—the one she’d worn for Tam on Skype. The thought crossed her mind—a very GGG thought—that maybe she should skip panties, since she’d be peeing so much today. But the Good Girl thought that followed was sensible enough: the sundress was fairly short. She needed something underneath.

But she decided she’d skip the bra. So she’d be leaving the house wearing exactly four items of clothing: sundress, panties, and a pair of sandals.

First, breakfast. Bree made pancakes—which even Lisa appreciated. And then Lisa had to head out, saying she couldn’t be back until tomorrow night, which would be the night before Bree left. So that worked out, too.

Over pancakes Bree and Tam plotted their route for the day. First stop: Boston Common and the Public Gardens.

The Common and the Gardens weren’t huge, but it was certainly historic—not many city parks could be said to be older than the country—and there were plenty of things to see. First things first, however—almost as soon as they arrived, Bree had whispered to Tam that she needed to find a bathroom for her first pee of their journey. The fact that they’d come up from the subway right next to a fountain hadn’t helped.

Tam grinned up at her. “This is exciting already.”

“It kind of is, isn’t it?”

Searching the park for bathrooms was a good way of exploring, but it took much longer than Bree had hoped. Part of it was that the only bathrooms were fairly well hidden. Part of it was that Tam insisted on taking pictures of Bree posing in various places—

“You’re doing this deliberately, Tam!”

“Aren’t you?”

“Oh, right…”

—so Bree was getting a tad desperate by the time they finally found some restrooms in the visitor’s center. And then naturally there was a line for the ladies’ room, although thankfully it wasn’t long.

Much relieved, Bree refilled her water bottle and herself from a water fountain, and then they kept exploring. They didn’t go out in a swan boat (saving their money for later), but Tam did get another picture of Bree posing with a boat in the background. And there was the duckling statue. Tam’s tourist-in-his-own-hometown attitude was infectious.

After a while, however, they’d run out of things to see—and Bree was already starting to feel the need for another bathroom break. Instead of backtracking, however, they took the subway to the zoo. It wasn’t a long ride, but again Bree felt a bit more pressure for not knowing exactly how long a ride it was going to be. Fifteen minutes, as it turned out, and she held it easily until they were through the gates and in the zoo.

Here, however, Bree got an idea—another GGG idea. Suddenly she really wanted to pee outside. And it simply wasn’t going to happen in the zoo. Too many people, especially kids. So she dutifully went off to the bathroom, but when she came back she whispered to Tam that she wanted to find a place where she could really let loose outside.

“Huh,” he said, scouring Google Maps. “A big ol’ golf course and a bunch of cemeteries.”

“Too many people on a golf course.”

“Probably not too many people at a cemetery,” he pointed out, eyebrows up.

She considered it for a GGG second. But then, before the Good Girl side could even offer its opinion, she rejected the notion on GGG grounds. “Massively disrespectful.”

“The dead people don’t care.”

“Their families would.”

“You’re right, you’re right. Let’s see, what other options do we have…?”

“There’s a park…”

“Looks pretty open on satellite view. No trees, no cover… well, well, what do we have here? A nature center.”

“Perfect!—Wait. How far away is it?”

“About 45 minute walk?”

“Perfect!”

After wandering around in the zoo a bit—to justify the money they’d spent—and refilling Bree’s perpetually-empty water bottle, they left and headed for the nature center. The most direct route was noisy and not terribly pedestrian-friendly; the alternate route was winding, and again Bree was feeling the tension of “How-long-will-it-take-to-get-there?”, although she was far from full. Finally they found the place, after only a couple wrong turns. Then they strolled around the trails until they found a good place. They’d seen people on the trails, if not many, so Bree wanted a fairly secluded spot.

The trails seemed mostly to run through wetlands, which would be good for hiding her puddle, but wasn’t so good at concealment. Finally, at the far end of one loop, they found some trees. Bree looked around for traffic, then hiked up her sundress and dropped her panties, tucking them into her bag next to her bottle. Then she kicked off her sandals and squatted down, ready to spring back up and drop her dress hem if anyone came.

“Tam, you’re supposed to be watching!” she said, as she started to pee.

“Believe me, I am.”

“Watching for other people, I meant!”

“Can’t help it. This is just fascinating.” He did glance around for other walkers, though.

“Well in that case—is my pee clear?”

“Looks pretty clear, yeah. Still a hint of yellow, though.”

“I’ve been walking a lot, using up water. I need to drink more!”

He bent down to kiss her as her flow tapered off. “Had to seize the opportunity,” he said. “You’re not usually beneath me.”

“I plan on being beneath you a lot.”

“I’ll kiss you then, too.”

Just then she spotted someone coming, and had to stand up. No chance to put her panties back on—and she was still dripping, after all. So they walked on. She felt bold and daring out on the paths, but as they left the trail system she also felt nearly naked.

“Can we stop somewhere before we go home? I’m hungry and I’d like a restroom so I can put my panties back on. And maybe pee one more time.”

“Sounds good. Though I’m fine with skipping that middle step if you are.”

“I’m not,” she admitted, tugging self-consciously at the hem of her dress.

“Want to go back to the trees?”

“No, we can keep going. But I don’t want to walk all the way home bare-assed.”

They found quite a lot of restaurants nearby. Not food Bree was used to, but she felt daring enough to try something new, especially if she got to use the restroom. She did indeed pee one more time, and it was pretty darn clear.

“I’m ready,” she told Tam as she got back to the table. He squeezed her hand and smiled at her with such joy and delight she had to grin back, entirely infected with his enthusiasm. Love this guy. Really do.

They ate a meal that proved a little spicy, and Bree would have been guzzling water even if that hadn’t been part of the plan. The waiter, speaking with a Haitian accent, laughed as he poured her a third glass of ice water.

“Works perfectly,” Tam pointed out softly and slyly when the man had moved on. She quirked her eyebrows upward in acknowledgment, and took another deep drink.

They lingered a while after they finished eating—they’d been on their feet since the zoo, and it gave the water time to hit Bree’s bladder. When she felt the first need to go, she leaned forward and whispered so only Tam could hear: “I gotta go again. Just a little.”

He nodded, listening intently, stroking the back of her hand with his thumb.

“But I’m not going to go.”

He nodded, smiling with their secret.

She lowered her voice even more. “Not until after you’re in me.”

He shivered involuntarily. The shiver went all the way down his arm and turned into a big squeeze of her hand.

“Let’s go,” he whispered back.

He paid and they headed out. Half an hour’s walk to go.

Ten minutes into the walk Bree began to wonder if the third glass of water had been the best idea—but in the sense that she really couldn’t decide if it had been a mistake or a genius move. The pressure mounting in her bladder was quickly spreading to her clit.

“I want you so bad,” she whispered to Tam.

“Halfway home,” he told her, squeezing her hand.

Soon Bree was being driven wild. She had to pee, quite a lot—but all her thoughts were of Tam, of his beautiful body all over her, in her, moving in her… The day was hot and she was tired from walking and the pee was starting to slosh in her bladder. Otherwise she would have run back to the apartment, dragging Tam with her. Carrying him if she had to. It was good that there weren’t any parks or secluded areas of the kind they’d passed earlier, or she might have just dragged him behind a tree and had her way with him right there and then. And then peed a river. If she hadn’t been able to see Tam’s neighborhood coming up ahead, she might have turned back.

She was definitely desperate by the time they got to Tam’s building—desperate to pee, yes, but desperate for sex, desperate for him. She was antsy, shifting from leg to leg, as he unlocked the outer door and got them upstairs. She wanted, so badly, to pull up her skirt right then and there and shove a hand into her panties. But whether to hold her pee or finger herself? Much more the latter.

But inside the apartment Tam surprised her. “Whew,” he said. “Don’t know about you, but I want to take a little breather before we do anything else. That was a lot of walking.”

“We’ve hiked a lot longer than that in a day,” Bree said, surprised—but she was a little footsore, too.

As they sat down on Tam’s bed, however, it was clear that Bree couldn’t sit still for long. And her gazes at Tam were basically pure lust. “I want you so bad, I can’t just sit here,” she whispered in his ear.

“Mmm, I still need another minute,” he said. “But I actually had an idea. Can you do me a favor?”

“Sure! Wait, what is it?”

“Heh. I was hoping you, bein’ all tall an’ lanky as you are, could help me redecorate.”

“You want me to redecorate? Now?” What is he thinking? I gotta pee. And I wanna fuck his brains out. She noticed in passing that her GGG side was totally in control by now.

“Well, I think you might appreciate this,” he said. “Help me take down the posters? You know the ones I mean.”

“Oh! Tam, I didn’t mean I wanted you to take them down…”

“Well, like I said, I haven’t been looking at them so much lately. And they can be a bit distracting, now. Can you reach the top ones, or do you need a chair?”

“I’d better get a chair.”

So Bree, ready to throw her boyfriend down on the bed and mount him—and also ready to hike up her sundress and pee behind a tree, not that a tree was available—instead found herself taking down cheesecake posters. Even the apparently-cherished ones of Meagan Fox and Eliza Dushku. But that need to pee couldn’t be distracted. She was squirming, crossing her legs, and occasionally simply grabbing. When she grabbed, though, she was careful to apply a little extra pressure to just the right spot.

It wasn’t until she turned around to hand a poster down that she realized what Tam was up to. He was standing there, admiring her, with a bulge in his pants.

“Tam!” she mock-scolded.

He grinned, entirely unrepentant. “I thought you could hold it a bit longer. And I thought a distraction might help you do it.”

She let the poster drop. This guy! “Tam, you twerp,” she said, “get up here and kiss me.”

“Kiss you, sure,” he said. “But why get up? You’d just have to get down—and this looks like a good position…” And with that he started kissing her legs—working his way up.

She grabbed the hem of her sundress and pulled it up for him. He returned the favor by grabbing the hem of her panties and pulling them down for her.

The next few minutes were exquisite agony for Bree. Bare legs, no panties, and a bursting bladder all screamed Pee Now at her. But she didn’t want to let go. For one thing it would have released all that lovely pressure inside her. For another she would have flooded her lover’s face. Trying to strike the balance was hard. She couldn’t cross her legs. She couldn’t clutch herself. Tam’s tongue was doing amazing things, but “helping her hold” wasn’t one of them. She could squirm—until Tam had to grab her hips to keep from losing his place entirely.

“Oh, god, Tam, that feels amazing but if you keep doing it I’m gonna pee all over you. Or fall on you.”

“Well, we don’t want that,” he said, sounding a little smug at his prowess. “Here, let’s switch. You get down, I’ll get up.”

She got down off the chair, and he passed her on the one. But he grabbed the hem of her dress as he did, and pulled it up and over her head. Then he got down on one knee to balance the extra height the chair had given him, and kissed her properly.

Her hands went to work, too, now that she could reach the zipper of his fly. Well, one hand went to work on him; the other stayed busy on her. Mostly keeping the pee inside—she didn’t need much more to keep her passion inflamed for him—and she could cross her legs by now, too. Besides, he kept his balance with a hand on the wall, but his other fingers found her ever-sensitive nipples. So she was still getting plenty of stimulation.

Finally the kiss broke, and she gasped, “Tam… if you don’t… fuck me… now, I’m gonna… explode. …One way or another.”

He got down off the chair he’d just climbed, finished stripping, and gently bent her over the bed. She grabbed a pillow to clutch—one-handed. The other was still too important holding back the flood to go elsewhere.

His fingers on her vulva felt fantastic. “Wow, I don’t think I’m gonna need any lube at all, even with the condom,” he said.

“Nope!” she said, with a sudden surge of pride. “But hurry…”

“I’m trying,” he said. “But you’re so tight. Can you relax a little?”

“Uh, I can try—but I might pee on your floor. And you.”

“Worth it.”

“Okay, I’m trying…”

“Gotcha,” he said in triumph. “I’m in.”

“I know, silly, I can feel—oh my god, Tam, oh my god…”

“Is that good?” he asked, bending forward over her back.

“Tam, Tam, this is so amazing. Don’t stop, don’t you dare stop, I’m gonna come, I’m gonna—I am coming…”

The contractions went rippling through her.

“That was fast,” Tam said, still thrusting.

“Don’t stop! I think I can… I can… ah! Ah, fuck, Tam… I love you… so much. You feel sooo good in me… keep going, keep going…”

He didn’t need her urging. “Bree, you feel incredible, too. I can’t believe how tight you are.”

“Believe it… all that pee… aw, shit!”

“What’s wrong?

“I leaked. Ah! I’m leaking… every time… you thrust…”

“I felt that, yeah. Do you wanna—”

“Tam don’t you even THINK about stopping!”

He laughed and pushed deeper.

The next few minutes didn’t involve words. They moaned, they gasped, they sighed. And Bree just about screamed. Little spurts of Bree’s piss were splattering against Tam’s body, dripping down both their legs to the floor, with every thrust. Tam wasn’t stopping, but he was going slow. Bree was grinding against the bed, grinding against Tam, begging with her body for the double-barreled release.

Tam gasped and somehow through the haze she felt him shudder with his climax. She reached for her own, her second, leaping for it like grabbing for a rope, and caught it, and burst.

“Ahhhhh…”

When she realized that she was the one moaning in bliss, and that she was spurting peeing all over, she was aghast. She frantically tried to stop, but her bladder was not going to be denied. “Oh, Tam, I’m so sorry, I can’t hold it!”

“Just let it all out,” he said, stroking the back of her neck.

“Oh, thank god,” she said, and did so.

“Whew, you were holding a lot,” Tam said, laughing.

“Am I getting it all over you?”

“Right on me. Like a really warm firehose.”

“Oh, Tam…”

“We were gonna take a shower anyway.”

“But the puddle…”

“I think,” he said, “that you should be quite proud of this puddle. Quite an accomplishment, holding that much.”

“This guy,” she whispered into the pillow, forgetting to only think it.

“Hmm?”

“You. Just you. I love you.”

He kissed the back of her neck and slid out of her. “Take a look at your triumph, love.”

She stood up and looked down. “Oh, shit, it’s huge!”

“Yeah, but you did it right, got really hydrated. It’s basically pure water.”

“We’d better clean it up, though.”

“Oh, heck yes.”

They ran around for towels, and eventually resorted to soaking it up with their dirty clothes (“We were gonna do laundry anyway, too”). And then they ran to the bathroom, because they were dripping her pee everywhere, and because Tam was dripping spunk, too. They scrubbed each other down. And then made out under the hot water, as they’d done that stunning night back at camp.

###

To be concluded...
