Sally

Author: wolfy4840

*000*2012-11-12 22:51

It was Sally's first time playing a big base ball game with her new team. She just moved to the knew town, and the first this she did was sign up for the school's girl's base ball team. The season was fresh and she had a week to train with th team, but this was the first big game.

As 17 year old sally sat on thh bench waiting to bat, she gulped down last of her seccond bottle of gatorade that hour. She could feel pressure in her bladder, but was pretty sure she could wait till she was in the showers after the game, most of the girls peed in the shower because the toilets were always dirty. Befor she knew it, she was up to bat, and her pee was screaming to get out. "What are you waiting for, Sally? You're up!" Said the girl next to her.

"Wish me luck" Sally said, but standing up put to much pressure on her full bladder, and she felt a warm spurt of pee escape her and soake her light pink cotten panties. Her pants were still dry, but she felt the wet spot rub against her privates. Sally stood at the plate, about too burst. She could feel her damp panties hugging up against her, and all she could thing about was going pee. The pitcher threw the ball, and Sally swung the bat, it hit, and the ball flew through the air and over the fence. But when ahe hit the ball Sally lost control and hot pee started to leak doen her pants, it remender her of the time she spilled warm, hot chocolate on her crotch. As soon as she realized she was peeing, she flushed red, and ran out of the stadium, people calling "Sally, you&#39;re running the wrong way!" But she didn't care, she was to imbarased. She walked home in her wet pants, and shut the door after her, "oh honey, what happened?" Asked her mom.

"I drank to much" Sally said, sobbing a little.

"Well that's, ok, sweety, it happens to all of us some times. Take off your clothing and go shower, i put your wet things in the washing machine, and make you some hot chocolate."

"Thanks mom" Sally said taking her wet pants off.

