OmorashiVille (Night with the ladies. Part 2)

Author: Wildagram

*000*2021-12-11 04:26

Part 2

"Alright so here's the rules for our little contest." Says Anna who jumping up and down with joy. This deeply scares the girls.

"We're going to drink all of these drinks until it's empty. At each point of the contest, we'll have to do a written task handpicked by Wildagram and ME!!! The lady who survives with dry panties wins the contest. Sounds good ladies?"

"Hold up!! When was I a part of this?!" I thought looking dumbfounded. I can't believe this is literally happening.

Every woman reluctantly agreed as they each took bottles of drinks and starts downing them. They were already bursting, now they're making their tiny little bladders even more full with all of the soft drinks. Some of them were dancing foot to foot before even opening their first drink. Then, Anna turned to the bathroom and locks it. The squirming ladies looked at her with curiosity.

"Umm.. chick just what on earth are you doing?!" Kionna asks continuously moving her legs up and down.

"Oops, did I forgot to mention that the bathroom is permanently locked until there's a winner?" Anna said gleefully. The bouncing women looks at her stunned.

"What the?! You didn't mention that!!" Sydney yells, her face is red, grabbing her crotch by one hand with her legs together with a near empty bottle in the other hand.

Anna then turns to the desperate girls with a scary grin. Her omorashi side has completely taken over. No surprise, since her, Bonnie and Taylor have been talking about a holding contest for years but couldn't because of work. When a holding contest was mentioned, she just couldn't help herself.

"What?! I've been waiting for a holding contest for AGES!! Me, Bonnie and Taylor haven't had the chance to do one!! Just let me enjoy this!! I'll be damned if I let this opportunity pass by!!" Anna yelled.

Then all the girls finish their bottles and are looking extremely desperate. Jordan and Cady already have small bladder bulges, Alicia can't stand still, Maria is doing a fancy potty dance while holding the end of her skirt, Kionna is jumping up and down like she's on a trampoline and Sydney is standing uncomfortably still with her fists on her waist with her leg crossed over to the left.

Anna sits on the couch beside me and takes her phone out and is texting Bonnie and Taylor. She grabs a phone book and decides to order some food. While 6 girls struggle not to wet themselves. I looked at her confused.

"What? Can't enjoy this with an empty stomach, am I right? We have 6 ladies fighting not to wet themselves this is a show, and so far I'm loving it!!! Admit it, your enjoying this too Mr. Omorashi Lover."

Don't even ask me how Anna knows I love omorashi, Bonnie probably told her. I hate to admit it because I don't want to see someone in pain, but I'm secretly starting to enjoy this. Let's see how far they'll last...

Too be continued..

*002*2021-12-11 08:16

{{1 hour ago, BonnieBanBonni said:

Darn i was hopeing someone would wet them selfs

}}

Just you wait, someone will.

