Romantic Irony

Author: wolfgirl667

*000*2011-04-15 01:55

I thought I'd start on a kinky little story book ;)

CHAPTER UNO

Victoria, an average twenty three year old girl had been at her college campus for veterinary school on her way out to see her boyfriend James.

James and Victoria had lived together for two years, after dating for six months. They still loved each other a lot, and they swore to tell each other everything, but there was one thing Victoria didn't know. James was too embarrassed to tell the love of his life the one unique thing about him: he had a bladder fetish.

James was also twenty three, and he loved to watch videos of women (especially his girlfriend) wet themselves. It was often that he saw Victoria wet herself, because there was also something that James didn't know. Victoria also had a bladder fetish. Sometimes when they got intimate, this was an advantage.

While Victoria was at school, she had drank a lot of water, and on her way home, she felt the need to pee.

"Oh, I can just hold it until I get home. It's only ten more minutes," she thought.

As she got closer to where her and James lived, the strong need to pee was increasing. She felt like she was about to burst!

When she finally got to her house, she was at her limit. She had made up her mind that she was going to head straight to the toilet as soon as she walked through the door. However, there was a slight problem.

The minute she opened the door, hand shoved between her legs, she was greeted by the sight of James, shirtless, sitting on her couch.

"Hell-O!" she said, forgetting all about her urge to pee.

"Hey, thought you might like to have some fun after a long day at college," James said in a smooth voice.

Victoria couldn't resist the terrible temptation, and was already taking her jacket and top off, now wearing only a strapless bra and skinny jeans. She got onto the big comfy couch next to James and they began to kiss.

Victoria's pains in her womanhood were getting fierce. Soon enough, it began to show. A small spurt of pee came out, and James felt himself getting aroused.

*Oh god,* James thought hopefully, *is she gonna pee herself right here on me?*

Victoria whimpered, as she straddled him.

"Something wrong?" James asked.

"Uh, well," Victoria said nervously, as another bigger spurt came out, "I kind of...have...to pee."

*YES!* James thought.

"It's all right," he said, "there's nothing to be embarrased about. Although," he added, with a devious smile, "don't bother getting up. I mean, we wouldn't want to ruin the mood."

Victoria gave him a look, as if she was catching on to what he was saying. Spraying out more pee on the way.

"All right then," she said leaning forward and kissing him lightly,"so I'll just let it go then."

And he felt a warm wet sensation.

More to come fellas!

*003*2011-04-19 02:04

CHAPTER TWO

Once Victoria had been drained of all her pee, she sat with wet pants, straddling James, and getting heated. She was blushing pretty badly, and looked a bit embarrassed.

"What's the matter?" asked James.

"Well," said Victoria, "I just peed all over my boyfriend, so I feel kinda dumb."

Truth was, she was proud of herself, for she had never gone pee for sexual reasons. Also, the bulge in James's pants was right up against her "water pump" and was teasing it pretty badly.

"Aww, don't feel bad. Here, let me return the embarrasment," he said, letting out a bit of pee onto her water pump.

He saw her eyes go out a little.

"Feel weird?" he asked, letting a bit more pee out.

"Actually," Victoria smiled, "it feels..." she leaned forward as he continued to pee on her, "sexy."

She kissed him, now getting his pee all over her legs. He ripped off her jeans, and she did the same.

*Yall know how this scene ends*

~Next morning~

James woke up before Victoria did, and he realized they were both on the same (wet) couch. His thoughts drifted back to the night before, when they had peed on each other. He sighed.

Victoria stirred. James tried to hide the growing erection (which was hard being naked) from thinking about the previous night, but she could feel it.

Smiling, she turned over and said, "Fun, last night, huh?"

It was Saturday, so she didn't have to go to school. She could spend the whole day at home with James.

"Loads," he smiled back.

Still nude, Victoria got up and went into the kitchen. James watched closely, feeling his manservant getting taller. He saw her pour a tall glass of water and begin to drink it. She finished it off, and then downed a few more. He smiled as she put her hand to her crotch and cross her legs a bit.

She came back to the living room where she lay on top of James's growing bulge. They kissed a bit, and Victoria got up and laid down on the rug.

"Wanna watch me pee?" she asked with a devious smile.

James grew wide eyed. *Pee?! Is she gonna pee on the rug???* he thought hopefully.

Victoria closed her eyes, and started to pee. She lifted her legs and her lovely stream of pee pee formed an arc. She stood up, still with a strong stream of pee, and walked over to James. She straddled his waist, and began to pee all over him. He peed back a little bit, and they spent most of the morning peeing and "conjugating." ;)

