The Gentleman's First Encounter

Author: Weasel

*000*2017-09-16 23:50

Hey, everyone! I'm new-ish around here -- longtime occasional lurker, first-time fiction poster. I'm excited to share what I've been working on. This story is actually a major rewrite of a story I posted at Shara and Ger's site some years back, how long I'm not sure...

*goes and checks*

...January 2008? Dear god I'm old. And so is this story. But now it's much, much better, I think, as I've had nearly ten more years to perfect my skills, and it's also a little less pedo since I aged up the characters. (Slightly. I got them graduated from high school and believe me, that is an important legal distinction in my line of work...) Anyway, enough background, I'll tell you more later if y'all are interested. Long story short, this is just the beginning -- lots more where this came from.

I was gonna draw this out a bit to build the anticipation, but since I don't always have the time to get on here, I won't be that cruel. Enjoy...

~~~~~~~~~~

The Gentleman's First Encounter

Parker couldn't remember a time when girls who needed to pee hadn't turned him on; his first fantasies revolved around a bursting girl even before he hit puberty. Finding his parents' Nancy Friday books tucked away had thrown plenty of fuel on the fire, to the point that he could almost recite a few stories out of those books from memory. But in all his dreams of desperation he never once put a familiar face on the girl in question. Part of this was because he'd never seen any of the girls he knew get desperate, not until a certain incident on the bus the summer after high school.

Parker and Annie weren't close friends, but she lived at the far end of his block and so they chatted now and then. They'd known each other for years, naturally, but somehow their social circles took them in different directions. Annie was cute, in a sort of reserved, elegant way; she usually wore her brunette hair in a knot and wore somewhat conservative clothing, blouses and skirts or slacks. She wasn't curvy or chesty, but she did have a big grin, when she had cause to smile. She'd played violin in orchestra, but Parker—a band geek—had never heard her play.

One sunny summer afternoon, about a week before the Fourth of July and as the novelty of the complete freedom of a high-school graduate was just starting to wear off, Parker had gone down to a strip mall near downtown to drop off his computer, which needed repair. Parker was a techie, and—this being in an age before smartphones—not having his laptop was like internet exile. His main concern, of course, had been to carefully delete all the porn from his hard drive and stash it on a flash drive which, in a variation of a fine old tradition, he kept under his bed. He was waiting for the bus home—and regretting that his parents had needed the car—when suddenly he realized that Annie was coming down the sidewalk toward him at a quick pace and wearing a somewhat nervous expression. She was also wearing more casual clothes than he'd ever seen her in, specifically a yellow sundress and sandals, and had her hair in a ponytail. She had her violin in one hand and her music in the other.

“Hey, Annie!” Parker said.

“Parker!” she said, and she sounded more delighted to see him than she ever had. And relieved to see him.

“What are you doing down here?” Parker said.

“This is where I have my music lessons,” she said, gesturing with her chin (the only available appendage, given that her hands were full) back at the music store in the same strip mall as the computer-repair store where Parker had just left his internet lifeline. “And, ah, what about you?” She shifted uneasily from foot to foot and glanced up the road—which was a main drag, after a fashion, so even in midafternoon it had some traffic.

“My laptop needs to be fixed, so I had to drop it off,” Parker said mournfully.

“Oh, I'm so sorry,” she said, absently, and looked up the road again. “Um, are you—are you waiting for the 256 bus? Have you seen it?”

“Yeah, I'm waiting for that one. It's the only one that comes down this way, right?”

“Right, right,” Annie said, and then blushed. “Of course it is. I'm sorry to be so scatterbrained. I'm just a little distracted right now”—here she blushed even deeper red and dropped her voice—“because I really need to pee.”

Parker's attention was suddenly and completely arrested.

“I'm sorry,” he said, rather flustered, and then mentally kicked himself for not saying something nicer. Floundering, he came up with “Can I help?” And then kicked himself again. What, you got a bathroom in your back pocket, boy?

“Well, do you know if there's anything around here...?” she said, glancing about.

They were in a fairly commercial area. Lots of strip malls and office parks, but not exactly much in the way of public facilities of any kind.

“Gosh, I don't know,” he said. “I can't think of any parks or... well, there's Lincoln Square Mall.”

“That's a little far,” Annie said, uneasily.

“I know, I know... Wait. Doesn't the music store have a bathroom? I thought all these little stores had a bathroom.”

“Really? I didn't see one.”

“It'd probably be in back for the people working. But you could ask.”

“I think I might. I just don't want to miss the bus, it only runs every hour! I don't want to be down here by myself...”

Just then, the 256 came into view, and Parker was faced with a moment of sudden indecision. Should he tell Annie to go ask at the music store and offer to wait with her? Or should he...

Before he could even really finish the thought, the bus pulled up, the doors swung open, and Annie climbed aboard. Parker's dilemma now apparently settled, he hopped on behind her.

As the bus was largely empty, they had their choice of seats. Well, Annie had a choice; Parker was following her. The few people on board were sitting up front, so Annie took a seat near the back of the bus, past the bendy section in the middle; she set her violin down in the footwell and put her music on the window seat next to her, so she was sitting next to the aisle. Parker sat down across the aisle from her.

He now found himself in a decidedly awkward position. He had too much sympathy for Annie to really enjoy her plight, and was too much of a gentleman to take advantage of a damsel's distress in such a way—but on the flip side, here was one of his secret fantasies unfolding in front of his eyes. Despite his moral reservations, he was quickly developing a hard-on, and every time Annie shifted her legs or bit her lip, he got that much harder.

“Okay,” Annie said, with a confidence that even Parker could tell was mostly a show, “I'll just have to think about something else, huh?”

Parker nodded. He, of course, could think of nothing else. How long would it be until she could get to a bathroom? He started thinking ahead to all the steps the bus route would follow. A lot would depend on how many people got on or off. Then there was the transit center, where the bus would wait for five minutes; and then, after yet more wiggling (the route's, of course, but maybe Annie's, too) there would be a long road with several speed bumps, and two more bus stops before they'd finally be able to get off. Then they'd have to cross that long road on foot, and make their way three blocks to Parker's house. Well, four blocks to Annie's, since she lived at the far end. How badly did she need to go?

He got no answer for a few minutes, as they chatted about what they'd been up to since graduation, where they were going to college, etc. Parker was heading to the traditional family college in the midwest, which had just enough of a computer-science program to keep him occupied; Annie, in contrast, was headed to a conservatory in Boston, where she'd gotten a considerable scholarship for her violin-playing.

“And that's why I'm still practicing and taking lessons,” she said, “and why I've been at my lesson for an hour and a half, going over the same darn song, and that's why I have to go so bad.”

“You've had to go for that long?”

“Since before I left the house, really. I had to hurry for the bus going the other way, so I couldn't go before I left.”

Parker did the math. Assuming the bus ride had been about as long as his had been, she'd been needing to pee for a bit over two hours now. He shifted a bit in his seat to hide the growing bulge in his shorts. “I thought you said you were going to think about something else?” he said, not sure if he wanted to divert her line of conversation or not. The arousal was growing, but so was the guilt. Moreover, his hard-on was getting both uncomfortable and embarrassing; from the right angle it would be quite obvious, but so would be adjusting himself.

“I just can't really think about much else right now!” Annie said, trying to pass this statement off with a giggle. But the strain was obvious. “I just really need to go.”

The bus crested the first hill (this was a very hilly route) and suddenly slowed to a halt at the long line of brake lights meeting them. The stoplight below was a long one, and traffic was getting heavier. Annie slid forward as the bus slowed sharply on the steep incline. The jerk of the halt made her grab towards her crotch, reflexively, although she pulled her hand back before she did anything so childish. Her butt slid into the gap between her seat and the back of the seat before it, pressing her legs together, and she seemed content to stay there. Parker had gotten thrown forward by the halt as well, and was thrust up against the seat ahead of him as well. He seized the opportunity to surreptitiously adjust his stiffening member into a (slightly) more comfortable position.

Fortunately for Annie, the light turned green a few moments later, and once through the light—still a matter of some time, what with all the cars ahead of them—they started to forge their way up the next hill.

“Uh... what piece are you working on for your violin?” Parker said, casting about for a neutral topic.

“It's classical,” she said.

“You know, I've never actually heard you play.”

“You never came to any concerts?” She cocked her head at him with a mock-exasperated look on her face.

“Not really. Should I have?”

“Not at all,” she said. “The school orchestra was horrible.”

He laughed. She laughed with him, then winced. “Oops. I'd better not do that again,” she said with a shaky grin.

Somehow Parker managed to get even harder. “No one was practicing except you, huh?” he said.

“Pretty much!”

“Well. I'd like to hear you play sometime.”

“That'd be nice.”

The next stoplight turned yellow as they approached it, and Parker thought he heard Annie groan a little at the sight. She shifted position again, and looked at him with eyes that were just as frantic as ever. He tried doing the multiplication table in his head to stave off his excitement, but when he got to "pee times pee equals..." he knew it would be no salvation this time. The light turned green after what seemed like an eternity, and the bus rolled on. The next stoplight was red but as the bus slowed down it turned green again; the next was not so forgiving, turning yellow as they approached, but it was the quickest of all of them, and Annie seemed a little more confident as they made the turn and began to head towards the transit center.

After another stoplight to get into the transit center, the bus pulled in at its designated stop and parked, turning the engine off. Most of the other people on the bus got off. The driver stood up and announced to the people remaining, “We'll be moving again in about four minutes.” Then he got off himself.

“Where's he going?” Annie muttered.

“Bathroom break, maybe,” Parker said, without thinking.

“They have bathrooms here?” she said, sitting up straight.

“Just for the drivers, I think,” he said. (Was he being entirely honest? He racked his brain. He knew there was a public bathroom at one of the transit centers he'd been to, but he couldn't remember if it was this one.)

Annie groaned again, this time much more audibly, eyes rolling heavenward. Then she looked at Parker. “I'm sorry if I'm grossing you out,” she said.

“Oh, no,” Parker said. Total opposite of that, really, he thought—but he kept that idea locked firmly in his brain. “It happens.”

“It really does.”

“I just wish I could help.”

“Not exactly something anyone else can help me with,” she said with a grimace-grin.

“Yeah...”

They fell silent for a minute after that. The bus was oddly quiet with its engine off. Annie sat cross-legged again, leaning a little forward. Parker tried not to look, or at least not look too often, but when he did, he saw that she was biting her lip and looked truly worried.

The driver got back on the bus and started the engine. They didn't move for a moment, and Annie said, “Maybe I'll go ask about that bathroom...”—but just then, the driver closed the doors and the bus pulled away from the curb.

Then (since the transit center was on a side road) they had to go through the last two stoplights a second time. “Didn't we already do this?” Annie joked feebly.

Then it was up the next hill... and through two more stoplights (one green, one red)... and then a left turn. The light was green when they approached, but the left-turn arrow had blinked out, and a steady stream of cars going the other way was blocking the three cars ahead of them. One made it through on the yellow, but the next was not so bold. So they sat—well, Annie squirmed—as they waited for the light to cycle. Then the green arrow appeared, but it was short, and the cars ahead of them went through but the bus had to wait for the traffic again.

“Get out of the way, fuckers,” Annie said, very softly.

Parker was shocked—she never swore.

She saw his expression. “Sorry,” she said. “It's just... I'm just kinda... I'm in some serious pain over here.”

And with that, the turmoil in Parker's mind kicked into even high gear. Yes, he wanted to watch Annie squirm forever—but Annie was suffering. This felt so wrong. And his brain, unsure of how to react, was locked in a logic loop.

“It's okay,” he heard himself saying. “If I were in such a sucky situation, I'd be pretty pissed, too.”

He wanted to punch himself in the face at that.

Annie gave a brief, incredulous laugh. She was perched on the edge of her seat, knees tight together, fists clenched at her sides.

“Sorry, I shouldn't make fun of you,” Parker said, but Annie was grinning. A tight grin, but a grin.

“Well, you didn't, really. And honestly, this whole situation is kind of hilarious,” she said. “I mean, how does this even happen? At our age? I mean, maybe you have to wait until lunch at school...”

“Not any more,” Parker said, and pumped his fist. “We are done!”

“I know, right? Thank god.”

They talked for a minute about the sheer joy of having graduated from high school.

Then Annie returned to the topic uppermost on both their minds. “There's no bathroom in that little park where we get off, is there?”

“I don't think so.”

“I really, really wish there were.”

Parker thought for a moment. “Well, there's the old school across the street... but it's never open.”

“Right.” She nodded. “Well, I just gotta hold it until I get home, then...”

A thought crossed Parker's mind. “My house is closer.”

“Thanks, but I think I can hold it a block.”

The bus waited at a red light, and then made the final turn. “Almost there,” Annie said quietly.

But then the bus hit the first speed bump, a little too fast. Annie squealed, and—to Parker's amazement—jammed her hand into the crotch of her sundress. He looked away, quickly—he didn't want to be caught staring at that.

A moment later, Annie reached up and pulled the cord with her free hand.

“Aren't you gonna stay on until our stop?” Parker said, puzzled.

“There are another two speedbumps,” Annie said. She was blushing furiously, and her voice shook a little, but she seemed to be remaining practical. She stood up, clinging to the handlebar with one hand, the other hovering near her waistline.

“Here, I'll get your violin,” Parker said.

“Thank you,” Annie said, a little breathlessly.

They got off the bus. Annie looked both ways to see if they could cross, and waited, legs crossed and arms folded, as the cars behind the bus went past. Finally they could make it over. By getting off early, Annie had given herself another four blocks to walk. She walked quickly, keeping her arms folded. Parker hurried along beside her with her violin and music.

They passed the back entrance to the park. “You're sure there aren't any bathrooms in there?” Annie said, half-joking, half-panicked.

“We could go look,” Parker suggested.

“No thanks, I don't want to take the time. I mean, if there aren't, then I've just wasted another two minutes. We're nearly there.”

But “nearly there” was relative. With a block to go to Parker's house, Annie froze, crossed her legs, and bent over.

“Are you okay?”

“Not... really...” Annie said. Her ponytail had fallen down past her shoulder.

A long moment went past. Parker looked at anything except her butt—though he never let her out of his peripheral vision. The suburb they lived in was silent and still, luckily for Annie.

Finally she straightened up, slowly, carefully. She was red in the face again. “I nearly...” she began, but didn't finish her thought. “Let's go.”

She walked a little more slowly, but they turned the corner. Annie's house was at the end of the block; Parker's was three doors away.

“You're sure you don't want to come in and use mine?” Parker said.

“A little less sure,” Annie said.

They came to Parker's house. He was about to hand the violin back to her when she suddenly said, “Oh, shit... Can I please please please use yours?”

Parker immediately trotted up to his front door and fumbled in his pocket for his keys. A moment later he set the violin and music down and fumbled some more. Annie came up behind him as he got his key into the lock. She was breathing hard. When he tried the door and it didn't open, Annie gave a little moan and stamped her foot, fists clenched at her sides again.

“Sorry, mom must have deadbolted it...” Parker said. After a few moments more he got the door open. Annie pushed past him into the living room, glanced around, and turned back to him, bent a little forward, fists clenching and unclenching rapidly. “Parker, for the love of God, please tell me where your bathroom is.”

“Down the hall to your right,” Parker said.

Annie fled in that direction. He followed her into the house, closing the front door behind him, and he caught a stunning glimpse of her lifting the hem of her sundress as she turned into the bathroom and slammed the door. Not enough to see anything, but still.

Parker stood frozen for a moment. Then he slowly crept halfway down the hall. He froze again when he heard it: the hissing and splattering of an absolute torrent. And Annie's gasp, followed by a deep, deep sigh of relief.

She peed fast, apparently. A few moments later the torrent slowed to a trickle, then to a few drops. Then he heard the rustling of toilet paper and realized he was standing in the hall listening to a girl use the bathroom. He turned away and went back out to the living room.

A few moments later Annie flushed, washed her hands, and emerged, looking vastly more comfortable.

“Oh, Em, Gee,” she said, self-mocking. “I have never had to pee that bad. And I never, ever want to need to go that bad ever again.”

“Feel better, huh?”

“And how. Thank you for letting me use your bathroom. I'm seriously not sure if I would have made it home.”

Parker nodded.

They stood looking at each other for a second. The pause grew longer. What could he say? What would she say? She looked relieved, but she also looked kinda embarrassed...

He tried to come up with something to say to fill the awkwardness, and heard himself say, “Can I get you something to drink?”

Annie burst out laughing. After a moment, Parker joined in.

“I think I'll pass,” Annie said. Then she looked around. “Where's my violin?”

Parker looked around too, blinking in confusion. The instrument was nowhere to be seen. Then recollection struck him and he opened the front door. There was the violin and the music, right where he'd left them.

This triggered another uncontrolled burst of laughter from Annie, and more chuckling from Parker. “Oh, my god!” she gasped. “I have never done that before! Shows you how bad it was!”

She walked past him to collect the instrument, but before she stepped outside, she turned to him. “Thank you so much, Parker,” she said, hand over her heart. “You were such a gentleman about this. I really wouldn't have made it without you.”

Parker blushed and looked down.

A moment later, when he looked up again, she was surprisingly close to him. Then she hugged him. Then she kissed him on the cheek.

He felt her lithe, slender body against him and desperately hoped she hadn't realized how hard he was. She released him and bent down to collect her music. When she straightened up she looked back at him. “You've got my number, right?”

“Um, I'm not sure I do.”

“Here, give me your phone.” She typed the digits in and handed it back to him. “There you go. See you soon!”

And with that she was striding off to her house, ponytail bobbing with the cheerful spring in her step.

Parker watched her go, then closed the door and locked it. He slowly walked back to the bathroom. He stared down at the toilet seat. Images flashed through his head: Annie clutching herself after the speed bump, Annie stamping her foot at the front door, Annie yanking up her dress in her desperation to get to the bathroom on time...

Before he even really thought about it, he had his dick out, and jerked it furiously. It took only a moment before his spunk splashed into the water where her pee had been a few minutes before.

He sank down onto the laundry hamper.

“Right,” he said. “I'm such a gentleman.”

*006*2017-09-23 00:31

Wow, never knew I had fans! One problem with Shara & Ger's site -- I had no idea if anyone ever read my stuff...

{{On 9/17/2017 at 3:24 AM, desp-fan2013 said:

Loved reading your work on Shara & Ger's sight, especially the parade account. Looking forward to reading any new material you are going to contribute.

}}

Unfortunately I had to scrap the parade story. I was pretty pleased with how it came out myself -- but it was a high school story and I don't do those any more. And there's just no realistic way to update that particular one to college. (Other stories, now... heh heh. Just you wait.)

Guess I'll post the next story!

*010*2017-09-28 04:12

{{On 9/23/2017 at 11:56 AM, desp-fan2013 said:

Not to be super critical here, but while I understand, that you are trying to update your stories, College Bands Play all types of parades from Local Homecoming affairs to something on the national level such as The New Years Day Tournament of Roses Parade. There are also many semi-professional bands formed by various groups and made up of adults that participate in parades all over the country. Most travel the same way to events (by bus) and can stage and end in areas where restroom facilities are not readily available.

How about simply updating the parade story to feature a college or hometown group participating in a St. Patrick's Day Parade, where the green beer is all to plentiful, and the restrooms are few and far between?

Just a thought, but in any case do keep up the good work and please continue to post.

}}

Oh, I'm very familiar with marching bands and what they get up to! (I was in one for a while, and there's a bit of a history of them in my family.) No, the unrealistic part to my mind was that the story hinged on the absent-minded band director with the only key. I just can't picture a college band being locked out of the entire campus, even on a Saturday.

I mean, sure, I could rewrite it so all the peeing/wetting happens at the parade end, but then it's a bit of a different story. I really liked that "back stairs" idea and I'm sorry to see it go. I hope my next stories will make up for it, though!

{{On 9/25/2017 at 11:46 AM, BB1BBB said:

Hi Weasel - I, too, was a fan of your stories, and I love the improvements you've made to them. Wasn't Montana Flats one of yours, too?

I preferred the original when she peed on the back lawn, but - hey - that's a style choice for you to make.

}}

Montana Flats was mine, yes, and I'm still pretty proud of that one. Thank you for remembering it!

There's a lot to be said for having her pee in the back lawn, but I decided I wanted more of a slow build -- and also I decided to make that character a little more prudish to help that slow build. Also to keep Parker from getting the good stuff until later. So while you're totally right that it makes for a better stand-alone story, it's supposed to be the beginning of a series.

