Don't Be Me; Or ,The Story Of That Time I Peed My Pants

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2017-04-24 03:52

This is the stupid story about the one and only time that I have ever peed my pants.

People wet themselves sometimes. It happens.

My best friend wet herself in the third grade because the teacher wouldn't excuse her; so I learned to just go the the restrooms if you are bursting and fuck the consequences. They aren't worse than being teased for the next ten years.

My sister peed herself in a traffic-jam on the Eastern Expressway because she didn't bother having a pee before she left the house; so I learned to always pee before you leave the house unless you want to have to answer questions with blushing lies for the next five years about what that stain is on your car seat.

A boyfriend once pissed in my bed after drinking eleven beers and half a bottle of vodka; so I learned not to get that freaking drunk unless you want your girlfriend to dump your disgusting ass.

I've always made sure to learn from other peoples mistakes. You should learn from mine.

Don't put off having a pee when you need one. Just don't.

It was a busy day at work. I was doing important shit. I'd needed to pee for hours. But I was like, "I'll just go later, it's all good." It was not all good. It the middle of a phone call with a client it happened. I peed. I sat there, at my desk, talking to a very important client, pissing like I was sitting on a goddamned toilet.

See, I always imagined that as your bladder gets closer to involuntary release you get some sort of extra special signal. "FIVE MINUTES TO DISASTER! ONE MINUTE TO SHAME!" Nope. You just hold it for hours and then, all of a sudden, you piss yourself. LEARN FROM ME. Don't let this happen to you.

I was soaked. The carpet under my desk was soaked. My chair was soaked. My stupid freaking gray skirt. Super fucking soaked.

There was simply no way I was going to be able to clean myself, and my office, up on my own. I was going to need help. I considered all the women in my department, because I sure as shit wasn't going to be calling a man, but I didn't trust any of those gossipy bitches not to spread the news of my little disaster around the office by the end of the week. And then I remembered Sad, Fat Grace. No one ever remembers Sad, Fat Grace. She's everywhere though, in every office, every classroom, in every church group, every club, every organisation. She's trustworthy not only because she's one of the only actually good people in the world but because she doesn't have any friends to gossip to, even if she wanted.

I gave her a call and she was in my office in minutes, almost panting from the excitement of actually being wanted.

"Shut the door." I waited until she had. This was really fucking awkward. But it had to be done. "I've had an accident."

She actually tilted her goddamned head in confusion. I tried again, "I've wet myself." I was so freaking annoyed at having to humiliate myself in front of Sad, Fat Grace but I made an effort to sound upset rather than irritated.

She clapped a hand over her mouth. "Oh you poor thing! Do you have a UTI? I had a UTI once and wet myself in a Safeway!"

"I thought it would be okay..." I didn't, but she'd given me a plausible excuse and a medical condition was less embarrassing than just being a freaking idiot. Marginally.

"Do you have a change of clothes at all?"

I wanted to say, "If I had a change of clothes do you think I would fucking call you in here to tell you about it?" But instead I just shook my head sadly.

"Okay, do you think you can make it to the restroom?" Uggh. Again with the stupid damn questions. Sad, Fat Grace is like that friend on Facebook who is always, like, "Have you tried googling it?" Except she would actually google it for you, and then cut and paste a Wikipedia page into your feed. God.

"It's pretty obvious..."

"Yeah, okay. Why don't I go get you some paper towels out of the restrooms?" Finally. She was doing something useful.

After she came back with a shit-ton of paper towel and the restroom can of Febreze, which I really hoped she stashed in her handbag and didn't just parade through the office, I mopped up the floor and my chair while she took my skirt to the disabled restroom to rinse out and try to blot dry enough that it at least wouldn't drip.

I did a passable job. I left my office window open over night and locked the door so the janitor wouldn't walk in while things were still drying. The Febreze smell was gone by the next day. I never heard any gossip about the whole affair so I guess Sad, Fat Grace kept her sad, fat mouth shut.

And I never told anyone. Until now. As a warning for all you bitches. When you need a pee go to the restroom. Don't put it off. Or one day you'll be writing a shitty story about the time you peed your pants because you ignored the angry chick who warned you that you would.

Don't be me.

*002*2017-04-26 03:13

{{On 4/25/2017 at 1:41 AM, AliasnameTO said:

Grace sounds super sweet. Shame she didn't have friends and was "Sad, Fat Grace."

}}

She probably is super sweet! The narrator basically outright says that Grace is a better person than she is. And she chose to name her Grace...

{{On 4/25/2017 at 1:41 AM, AliasnameTO said:

I always had mixed feelings about the person who peed being angry. On one hand it's usually no one else's fault, and their nastiness is misplaced. On the other it's sort of cute that they try to express awesome wrath while dripping with the evidence of their weakness. :D

}}

I know some people find this kind of cute and I'm really glad you did! :) I probably wouldn't have written this story otherwise as I personally don't find anger or bitchiness cute in the slightest. I thought it was a bit of an interesting character study though. Writing about someone who is, frankly, not a very nice person at all, and who has the self awareness to know that she isn't a nice person but lacks the... will/desire/character/belief/there isn't a word for this concept... to change their nature.

It mean, aside from the Grace thing she titled the story "Don't Be Me".

{{On 4/25/2017 at 1:41 AM, AliasnameTO said:

" I sat there, at my desk, talking to a very important client, pissing like I was sitting on a goddamned toilet. " < Hot.

}}

One of my favourites as well!

