Lego Dimensions: Portal Level Pack

Author: wheatley

*000*2015-10-24 19:20

So in order to celebrate portal dimensions and because I like the character designs in lego, i'm gonna be making this story. sorry if it's a bit short.

Btw this is being told in my POV because I'm wheatley

###

"Well hello there. I see you have awoken from your little nap. This is the perfect time, because I've finally set up some new tests for you," said a voice that was all too familiar.

Chell was back in Aperature Science and GLaDoS was back in control. Don't ask what happened to spacey. Oh, also I was there.

"hello! how's it going friend?" Chell didn't say anything and just gave me the 'not impressed' look. "Oh, yeah, I forgot you don't talk."

"If you are done yapping, we can start with the tests." GLaDoS opened the wall and sent us to test chamber 1. that was when I saw Chell's legs crossing along with a nervous look.

"Alright, you ok bestie?" I tried to get Chell to spit it out. But she just ignored me and solved the test. After a few tests we got into an elevator and Chell was holding her crotch with one hand while GLaDoS gave some stupid lecture.

"I see you have passed the tests. which is good because on the next floor I can give you a surprise. the tasty cake I promised you."

"I don't think she's telling the truth. Hey, are you alright?" She didn't give me an answer. Like I said, she doesn't talk.

Then the elevator came to a stop and we got out at the last test chamber. Chell was squirming and holding her crotch with a really nervous look on her face. Then I realized what was going on.

"Oh wait, I have an idea!" I went over to the outlet in the corner and plugged myself in. "Maybe if I could..." I ended up opening the wall to the cake.

"Oh, I was actually trying to get you the jon, but this works. How long can you hang in there?"

As soon as I said that, she released. She dropped to her knees and a wet spot formed on the uniform pants. I waited for about a minute until she finished, and then went to cheer her up.

"Hey, uh, you alright? It'll be fine, we'll just get back home and wash up. Can we still be besties?" She got up, and by the looks of things, I helped out. We walked into the cake room where GLaDoS was waiting for us.

"Looking for this? well you can't have it. i'm not going to be defeated again by captain moron and some girl with wet pants. time to die."

Then we got set away in a portal.

"why do they always leave me? i'm so lonely..."

THE END

*002*2015-10-25 02:26

I AM NOT! A!-

GLaDoS: DON'T YOU DARE SAY IT! DON'T YOU DARE SAY IT!

