Tell Me a Story (Meagan & Parker)

Author: Weasel

*000*2025-12-24 05:15

Hey everyone! Here's a story, and a story-within-a-story, that I've been working on for a while. And since it's Winter Break, I had time to finish it. So here's a 12,000-word story about Meagan and Parker! It's a day-before-Christmas-Eve miracle!

If you don't know who Meagan and Parker are... well, do you love a young-love romance with drama and tension and hedgehogs and also some desperation and sex? Then read on!

(Okay, lots of desperation and sex. But less than you might think, given where we are.)

When I polled the crowd a while back, most people wanted a "Mad Men"-style boss-and-secretary relationship for the story-within-a-story, to experiment with those power dynamics. But somehow (probably because Meagan was the one writing it) that didn't end up happening. We seem to have ended up with some power dynamics play anyway.

Hope you enjoy!

###

April 27

Parker awoke to the familiar feeling of an arm around him and a warm body behind him. He sighed happily in the embrace, and then jolted all the way awake.

Who the fuck is bed with me?

Whoever it was, she was distinctly female. The boobs were a giveaway. But whoever she was, she was clearly fast asleep. That gave him a moment to think.

I wasn’t drunk last night, let alone drunk enough to (a) cheat on Meagan and (b) forget about it. I didn’t have a drink at all!

But wait. Those boobs feel familiar…

He tried to slide out from under her arm carefully, so as not to wake her, and tried to roll over to see her face. Due to it being a twin bed, there wasn’t much room for that, and she had him pinned between her and the wall. There was nothing for it. He gently moved her arm off him and sat up.

“Holy—!” he said, before managing to swallow the rest of his words to keep from waking the intruder. But there was nothing he could do but bend down and kiss her forehead.

Between the movement and the kissing, Meagan stirred and murmured in her sleep. Parker tried to snuggle back in without waking her the rest of the way, but this proved a mistake, and her eyes fluttered partly open. She smiled, all sleepy-sexy. “Surprised?” she asked.

“Uh, yeah! I wasn’t expecting you until tonight!”

She shrugged. “Changed my mind. What time is it?”

“Uh—6ish.”

“Why are you awake so early? You set your alarm for 7:30.”

“Unexpected boobs in my back.”

She grinned and jiggled them through her T-shirt with her free hand. “Play your cards right and you’ll get to see ‘em, too.”

“Mmmmm, that’s a tempting offer. What do I have to do?”

“Let me sleep until at least 7.”

“I can do that.” He started to crawl over her to get out of bed.

“Where are you going?”

“You know I can’t ever get back to sleep if I wake up now. So I’m letting you have the bed.”

“You’ll be back?”

“At 7:01.”

She grinned and wriggled under the blanket. “’Kay.”

As he went down the hall to the bathroom, he mentally riffed through what he could feed her for breakfast. Maybe he’d run down to the store and grab some eggs. Or just pay for her at the cafeteria; it would burn one of his meals, but he was eating his own food in the dorm often enough. He’d never been able to go back to eating cafeteria food alone after the year in Franklin.

In a few days I won’t have to ever set foot in that cafeteria again.

Well. He’d been planning on going to the store later anyway, to pick up food for the weekend. Stick to the plan but instead take Meagan with him so she could get what she wanted. It was going to be a short visit, they wouldn’t need much.

So now he had an hour to kill. He did have a few more assignments. Not much stood between him and graduating now—in fact, nothing did, since for two of his classes, he couldn’t fail if he tried, and that meant he already had enough credits to graduate. It was just about pride now, really, and finishing without any Cs. He fired up his laptop and poked at the little that remained to do. But his eyes couldn’t stop drifting to how Meagan’s hip made an intoxicating curve beneath the blankets.

I wonder if she’s written the last chapter yet?

No, there’s no possible way. She was cramming until the end, I just know it… She’ll write it next week.

He knew he should focus. There was work to be done… technically…

After some really half-assed work on the last essay he had to write before Monday, he couldn’t resist. He pulled open the drawer of his bedside table. There, tucked inside the folder labeled Visual Aids—Top Secret, he found the first of the envelopes. It was labeled, To be opened right now while I’m here with you.

He thought back to the month before…

March 2

“I made you something,” Meagan said, snuggling up to him, and handed him two small envelopes.

He read the labels and opened the envelope that was telling him to do so. Folded up inside were several pieces of paper covered in Meagan’s handwriting. “What’s this?” he asked.

“Open it up and find out!”

He did, and at the top of the page he read the title: The Seduction of Mr. Parker.

“What the heck am I looking at?” he muttered.

“I felt bad that we can’t see each other as much this semester,” Meagan said, “and then on Monday when I couldn’t stand one more night in this fuckin’ twin bed and had to go home, I felt even worse that I was interrupting our visit, so I wrote you a story. The first part is for right now, obviously. The second envelope is Part Two. I’ll try to write more and send it to you. Not sure if I’ll be able to now that break is ending, but still…”

“I can kinda guess what kind of story I’m about to read,” he said.

“Well, duh,” Meagan said, running her fingers up his back under his shirt, in the way she often did when she wanted that shirt off of him. “Go ahead and read it to us both.”

“Ahem. ‘The Seduction of Mr. Parker. Chapter One…”

{{:

There was a woman named Meagan who got hired to be a secretary by a lawyer named Mr. Parker. At the interview Meagan realized how sexy Mr. Parker. After a few days on the job she figured out he was a real gentleman. He wasn’t rich but she decided she wanted to seduce him.

The problem was that Mr. Parker was too much of a gentleman. Even when she wore her miniskirts and low-cut blouses, he never looked at her that way.

There was another problem. Mr. Parker’s office was in a shared building downtown in the city. It was an old building, because he couldn’t afford a nicer office. There was only one restroom on each floor, and Mr. Parker’s office was on a floor with no ladies’ room. Mr. Parker had his own restroom off his office, but Meagan didn’t want to ask to come in every time she had to pee.

One time Mr. Parker told Meagan, “There’s a really important possible client calling today. We’re competing for the contract with other lawyers so we’ve got to be sharp. Don’t even let it go to the second ring.”

“Yes sir” Meagan said. “I’ll stay right by the phone.”

And she did. But the call didn’t come. The problem was that Meagan had to pee. She waited for the call for hours. Mr. Parker went to lunch. By the time it finally came, Meagan was sitting with her legs crossed tightly. She was really professional on the call, though. Finally it was done. Meagan wanted to run down to the ladies’ room, but she had to write down some more important things. Then finally she could go to the bathroom. She tried to run but that was too hard. So she walked as fast as she could. She went down the stairs and down the hall, but when she got to the restroom she realized there was a sign up on the door: “OUT OF ORDER.” So she had to go back up the hall to the stairs and then up two flights of stairs to the other ladies’ room. But when she got to that one, the janitor was in there to clean up.

Meagan didn’t know what to do. She was dying to pee but she didn’t know where to go. On instinct she went back to the office. Her only hope was that maybe she could wait until the janitor was done. She had to go so bad. She started pacing around the office, desperately holding on.

Mr. Parker opened the door to his office. She hadn’t realized he was back. He asked if the call came.

Meagan told him yes, and told him all the details, but the whole time she had to shift from foot to foot. Actually she wanted to grab herself but she couldn’t do that. She crossed her legs instead.

Mr. Parker looked her up and down. “What’s wrong?”

“It’s nothing,” she said.

“You look really uncomfortable,” he said.

“It’s just the ladies’ room downstairs is out of order and the ladies’ room upstairs is closed for cleaning.”

Mr. Parker looked her up and down again. “If it’s an emergency, come in and use mine,” he said.

She said she didn’t want to bother him. He said it was fine and told her again.

She hurried into his office and then into his bathroom. She yanked up her skirt and pulled down her stockings and panties and peed like crazy. She let out a huge sigh of relief.

Mr. Parker was waiting for her outside the bathroom in his office. “Sounds like you needed that,” he said.

“I really did. Thank you,” she said.

“Next time it’s an emergency like that, just come on in,” he told her. He looked at her again. She realized he was finally checking her out.

Well, now I think I know what turns him on! she thought to herself.

}}

“Wow,” Parker whispered. “You wrote all that for me?”

“For us,” she whispered back, right in his ear. She wasn’t just running her fingers up his back now; she was caressing his back and his chest with her hands all the way up under his shirt. And in fact, apparently unsatisfied even with such considerable access, she grabbed the hem and peeled it right off of him. “There are gonna be parts I’ll put in to turn me on. But it’s mostly for you.” She pulled her own shirt off, straddled him and pulled him close so skin touched skin, with only her bra between them. “I’m really sorry that this is only our second visit since New Year’s.” She kissed his forehead, his cheek, his neck. “So I wanted to make it up to you. And I wanted to give you something we hadn’t done before.” She let go of him only long enough to unclasp her bra and shrug out of it; then she came right back for him. “Didja like it?”

“Loved it. Can’t you tell from the hard-on?”

“I’m throwing myself at you. Toplessness skews that particular metric a lot. But yay, I’m glad you liked it so much. Wanna reread it while I ride you?”

He grinned and shook his head. “Nah. It’s sexy as hell—but so are you. And I won’t get to see you every day.”

“Mmmmmmmm. Such a sweet, sexy, smart boy I have. Now, how can I ever reward you? Oh right, already doing it…”

April 27, again

At exactly 7:01 Parker slipped into bed again, this time cuddling up as big spoon to Meagan, and began kissing her neck. She responded almost at once. “Mmm. Time?”

“7:01. As promised.”

She laughed low in her throat. “Well then, I got a promise to keep, too, don’t I?”

“No rush. I can just keep kissing you.”

“Yeah, but if I take my shirt off, you can see my boobs and there’s more of me you can kiss.”

“Not gonna argue with that.”

She sat up and stripped off and lay back down facing him. All they did for the next little while was make out, but soon Parker’s kisses migrated southward to the aforementioned boobs. Meagan murmured with pleasure as his lips brought both of her nipples to attention. “Wanna fuck me there?” she said.

“I would love that.”

“’Kay.”

“And for you?”

“My vibe’s in my bag.”

“Which is… um…”

“I’ll grab it, I know where it is. You get the lube.”

When they reconvened in bed a moment later, Meagan reached for him first, but he shook his head and reached for the vibe. She lay back and let him play with it over her shorts for a moment, then tugged the shorts off and let him go a little longer on bare skin. Then she sat up, laid a hand over his, and took the vibe from him. “I’m thinking you’re up in my boobs while I run this down here,” she said.

“Works for me.”

“Get yourself naked, lover,” she said, and held the vibrator between her closed legs while she started lubing up her cleavage. When he had his boxers off she started lubing up his cock, too, which hardened the rest of the way. Then she lay back again, pushed her boobs together for him, and grinned an invitation.

He slipped between her breasts and began to thrust langorously, savoring the slide. He couldn’t bend to kiss her from that angle, but he looked down into her eyes and let her see how she was making him feel. “So what changed your mind about driving up today?” he asked.

He could feel her adjusting the speed of the vibe behind him as she answered. “Um—I went to bed, and I lay there, and I was tired, but I was really delighted to be done. And I just… the bed felt real empty. So I kept telling myself ‘Tomorrow, you’ll share a bed with Parker tomorrow,’ and that didn’t help. And then I thought, ‘Fuck it, it’s only four hours.’”

“This was when?”

“About 10pm.”

He shook his head and grinned as he thrust. “Crazy girl.”

“Mmmmkay, we don’t use that word here,” she said, in her best proto-therapy voice.

“Crazy?”

“Girl. Crazy for you? Absolutely.”

“How’d you get in?”

“I still know a few folks on campus, and one of them’s a night owl. He let me in. And I knew—mmmmm—you never lock your door when you’re in the room, so…”

“It was an awesome surprise. Can I come on you?”

“Please do. I was gonna take a shower this morning anyway.”

“Did you bring a towel?—Wait, never mind, we’ve got the Backup Drawers.”

“Mmmmmhmmmm. We do. We think ahead with those sexy big brains of ours.”

“Just about the last time,” Parker said, his breath beginning to come a little fast, “that we might need them, too…”

Meagan nodded. He felt her chest rising and falling faster as her own pulse quickened, and then she arched a little—to get closer to him, to make it easier for him, or from her own work with the vibrator, he didn’t know. But it didn’t matter; it was pretty darn hot.

“You’re still gonna pop back to Ann Arbor for some of next week, right?”

“Mmmmhmmm. Just to get some space. I…” She paused for a moment, eyes half-lidded. “Mmm. Getting close, aren’t we… I love you, Parker, but I can’t wait to leave the Shoebox behind.”

He glanced around at the narrow walls of his single dorm room. “Yeah, right there with you,” he panted. “Okay for one. But two’s a crowd.” He looked back down at her and saw her looking back up at him. “Never… want you… to feel… like you… don’t fit… with me…”

“I know,” she said through her own heavy breathing.

He came and managed to keep eye contact through it.

“Mmmm, big splash,” she murmured. “Were you… saving up?”

He shook his head. “Just busy.”

“I’ll take it anyway,” she said, and started to come herself.

“You like it when I come a lot,” he said, thrusting for the residual post-orgasm shiver. “Part of the control thing?”

“Uh-huhhhhhh fuck yes…”

“That sounded like you were talking about two separate things.”

“Ask me questions… while I’m coming,” she managed, through the waves, “and get an… orgasmic… answer.”

“I like it when we talk during sex. I like it when we’re quiet, too, of course.”

“You just like having sex,” she said, turning off the vibe.

“Pretty sure it’s mutual. But I like talking with you. Just about all the time. Including during sex.”

“Good, ‘cause you’re about to move in with me. Tissue please? So you can lie down on me and we won’t stick together. In a bad way, I mean.”

“Oh, sorry, here. And I know what you meant.”

“Yup, you had lots for me today,” she said, wiping off. “And yes, it really is connected to the control thing. Like when I piss a lot, it shows you how desperate I was, right? So lots of spunk means I kept you waiting and I made you blast a load. Control indeed. Now c’mere.”

He obediently lay down on her. She wrapped both arms and legs around him and kissed him deep and hard.

“So when I came over your shoulder, that first time—that was hot for you?”

“Dude, I think anyone would be proud of making their lover come that hard. But yeah, I got pretty wet at that. I didn’t feel like telling you just then for… some reason I can’t remember. But yeah. I go back to that memory sometimes.”

“I do too. That and ‘I still am.’”

“What?”

“The next morning. When I told you were so amazing for holding it for me, you said ‘I still am’ and told me you were holding it again. Oh, speaking of, do you need to pee?”

“Nah. I had to piss when I got in last night. Guess I haven’t filled up yet. Why? You want round two already?”

“No, just the usual post-sex piss.”

“Wasn’t anything twixt my nethers ‘cept what runs on batteries,” she said, deliberately misquoting Serenity, “so I’m in the clear. You need to clean the pipes, though, or you’re gonna—yup, you already did. You’re dribbling.”

He sat up to get another tissue, which triggered more seepage. And when he got out of bed and started to pull up his boxers, that motion triggered even more, and with an exasperated sigh he reached for yet more tissue.

“Nah, I got this one,” she said, and leaned off the bed to lick the droplet off his cock. “Now go piss, lover. And I’m gonna take a shower.”

March 10

The label on this one said, To Be Opened When You Want Me So Bad It Hurts.

“I think this qualifies,” Parker said to himself.

Meagan had only been gone for a week—she’d left Sunday night, and here it was Saturday night—but the partings were getting harder. You’d think practice would make them easier. And last fall, when they’d been seeing each other every couple of weeks, it hadn’t been easy but it hadn’t been all that bad. But now, with her gone for a week and no chance of seeing her for another month and a half… yeah, it hurt.

He tore open the envelope and found the expected folded-up papers. When smoothed out, he saw this one had a note before the title:

Hey there sexy. I’m sorry you’re hurting right now. Just remember that I love you and that I’m coming back for you and that’s a promise. But until then, here’s another little story for you. There’s a rule, though. You gotta touch yourself when you read this. You gotta get hard. I’m picturing you reading this as I write it, and I’m imagining you with your cock in your hand, so you gotta do it.

I hope you enjoy the story. I hope it makes you cum all over. (If you get it on the paper, I’ll wanna see that later. Evidence, y’know.) But if it doesn’t, and you have to wait… well, I can live with that too. [insert evil grin here] Love you. Unzip and start reading! ♥ M

{{:

Chapter 2

The next day Mr. Parker said, “Meagan, you did a great job with that call. We got the contract! Let me take you out to lunch.”

“Okay, Mr. Parker!”

They went out to lunch and Mr. Parker ordered them both martinis. Meagan decided to test out if he really got turned on by her needing to pee. She asked for another martini and a club soda for after and a glass of water. She ordered soup and salad, too. She started to need to pee pretty soon, but held it, just like she planned.

They stayed out for a long time. Meagan asked if it was okay to take such a long lunch. Mr. Parker said they were about to get a lot of money from the contract, but the client hadn’t sent over any work yet, so it was fine. Mr. Parker made her laugh a lot and she was excited that he was finally paying attention.

When they finally walked back to the office she really had to go. They took the elevator up and of course he punched the button for their floor, not one of the floors with a ladies’ room. Not that she would have used it anyway. Later she pretended to go down to the ladies’ room, but she went to the one that was out of order and went back to the office.

She held it as long as she could. Eventually it wasn’t enough to cross her legs. She had to get up and walk around her desk.

Mr. Parker opened his door. “What are you doing, Meagan?” he asked.

“The ladies’ room is still out of order,” she said.

“I told you, if it’s an emergency, you can use mine.”

“Oh, it’s not an emergency yet,” she said. “I can hold it.”

Mr. Parker didn’t go back into his office. He just stood and watched her for a while. Then he asked her more about some of the things they’d talked about at lunch and watched her while she answered. She watched him, too. He definitely seemed more interested. She hoped his dick was getting hard, but she couldn’t quite tell.

Then he made a joke and made her laugh. She nearly leaked. She had to cross her legs tightly and bent over. It was a little embarassing, but she also thought, Well, I’m giving him a chance to look down my blouse.

“Wow, you really need to go bad,” Mr. Parker said.

“I really do,” Meagan said. Now that she was bent over, she sneaked a look at his pants. He definitely looked hard!

“This isn’t an emergency?” he asked. “You look like you’re about to pee your pants.”

She stood up again. “I guess it’s almost an emergency,” she said. “But what if you need to use the bathroom?”

“I think I’ll be fine for a few minutes,” he said.

“I just wouldn’t want to get in the way of anything you need to do in there,” she said. “Seems like you might want to use it right now.”

He looked confused.

“My mistake, I guess,” she said, but gave him a look directly at his pants. Then she looked back up at his face. He was blushing.

“Well, I really really really need to pee right now, so I guess it’s an emergency for me now,” she said. Since he was standing in the doorway she had to step close to him. He stepped aside, but she made sure she brushed against him with her hip anyway. She felt his bulge when she did. He was really hard! She stopped and looked at him, though she was really desperate. “Let me know if it gets to be an emergency for you,” she said. “I might be able to help out.”

Finally she went into the bathroom and peed and peed and peed. It took ages. When she came out, he was still obviously turned on.

“Well, if they don’t get the ladies’ room working again, that may happen a lot more,” she said.

“You’re welcome in here any time,” he said. “Emergency or not.” He took a deep breath. “Meagan?”

“Yes, Mr. Parker?”

“Would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow?”

“I’d like that,” she said.

}}

Well now, Parker thought. This is getting interesting.

March 27

“G’morning, beautiful.”

“Good morning!” Meagan’s voice came over the phone. “Sleep well?”

“Like a rock. Long week. And I’ve got a project due on Monday.”

“Yeah, I’ve got a paper due Tuesday myself.”

“So we both gotta work today, huh? Do we need to keep this short?”

“Actually I was hoping to call you just for the company after lunch. Do the whole study-party-over-the-phone thing. I’m still so grateful we’ve got unlimited calling now.”

“That sounds good. But only this afternoon? What about right now?”

“Right now I just wanna talk to you.” She paused. “Actually I wanna fuck you. I’ve been too tired and busy to be horny, but after getting a full night’s sleep it’s all coming back. Wish you were here, lover.”

“I wish I were there, too. But interestingly I got this letter last night…”

“Oooh, you got it already? That was quick!”

“And I did open it, but after reading the cover note I closed it back up. Because I thought I might read it out loud to you.”

“Mmmmm. That would be nice. But you gotta do more than just read it, lover. You gotta tell me how it’s making you feel. Meanwhile I will be doing this.” Something started buzzing.

“Is that your vibe?”

“Mmmhmmmmm.”

“What are you wearing right now?”

“T-shirt and shorts, like always. What about you?”

“Just my boxers.”

“Really?”

“Just woke up.”

“Well, how about you take those off, and I’ll do the same?”

“T-shirt, too?”

A pause, a rustle. “Done. Boobs out. A bit Zen to be taking my shirt off when you can’t see me, though.”

“Yeah, but knowing you’re naked is fun. Ready?”

“Ready.”

“Well, I’m gonna start with the cover note, since it’s part of the experience.”

Hey lover. Sorry this took so long, but I had to write it a bit at a time. That’s why it’s in three different colors of ink. But I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. One reason it took a while is that as I wrote it, I imagined how it would make you horny, which made me horny, so picture me writing this with a pen in one hand and the other down my pants.

“It’s true, that’s how I wrote some of it,” Meagan cut in.

The other thing you need to do is look up Carly Simon’s album No Secrets and tell me that isn’t the sexiest cover photo ever.

“For the record,” Parker said, “I did look it up. And it’s hot. But the cover for Whipped Cream and Other Delights is hotter.”

“Hmmmm, I don’t have my computer up. Describe it for me?”

“Pretty simple. It’s woman sitting down wearing a dress made out of whipped cream. Strapless and low-cut. And she’s looking straight into the camera and licking her finger.”

“Wow. That is hot. And I’m not even gay.”

“Yeah, pretty incredible for 1965.”

“Well, if I’d known about that, I would have worked it into the story somehow.”

“Speaking of: ready?”

“Of course. But remember, you gotta tell me how it’s working.”

{{:

Chapter Three

The next day she wore her sexiest dress and stockings, but no panties and no bra. It was a little white dress, quite short. He was a little dressed up, too, with a nicer suit than usual.

All day she was flirting with him, just to keep him interested. They took a cab to the restaurant, which was a nicer place than where they’d gone yesterday. They made each other laugh a lot, and they also drank a lot. At least three martinis for each of them. Actually she lost count. She didn’t use the ladies’ room once. By the time he asked for the check she definitely had to pee bad! And she knew he could tell.

They took another cab to her apartment. They sat playing footsie, although it was harder for her because she had to sit with her legs crossed tightly.

She leaned close to him. “Maybe I should have gone to the ladies’ at the restaurant,” she whispered. “It’s getting to be an emergency!” And when he blushed again she slipped a hand onto his.

}}

“Mmm,” Parker said. “Yeah, that’s a good idea. We’ve never done anything where we were in a car with someone else driving.

{{:

When they got to her apartment building Mr. Parker said, “I’ll walk you up.”

“Want me to wait?” the taxi driver said.

Mr. Parker hesitated.

“Pay the man, Mr. Parker,” Meagan said, squeezing his hand.

}}

“That’s hot.”

“Just that by itself?”

“Oh yeah. The implications are so sexy.”

“Well, I hoped so. Keep reading.”

{{:

He did, and walked her inside.

“The elevator in this building is really unreliable,” she said. “Safer to take the stairs. Which can be a problem if you’re coming home and you really need to get in to your apartment quick.”

“Does that happen a lot?” he asked.

“Sometimes,” she said.

}}

“More lovely implications…”

“Mmmhmmm. But how’s it affecting you, lover?”

“Let’s see, how can I put this…? I’m imagining this actually happening to us. And that makes me wish you were here, because your hands are softer than mine. How’s that for implications?”

“Excellent. Keep going!”

{{:

He asked her what floor she lived on. “Fourth,” she told him.

On the landing in between stairs between the third and fourth floor she had to stop for a moment. “Are you alright?” he asked.

“Like I said, it’s getting to be an emergency,” she said.

“Here, lean on me,” he said, and he got her up the stairs and down the hall. Finding the key to her door took a long time, and she was marching in place the whole time.

When they got inside, she locked the door behind him. “Safer that way,” she said.

“Is your roommate home?” he asked.

“She works late. She won’t be home until after midnight,” she said. “Now, Mr. Parker, would you mind terribly if I went and used the bathroom?”

“Can you wait just a moment?” he asked.

“What for?” she asked.

“This,” he said, and kissed her. She kissed back. She was crossing her legs for dear life but she held on.

}}

“That’s a hot first kiss. Better than our first was. But for the record, I would love to make you wait for a kiss like that.”

{{:

When the kiss broke she said, “Let me put some music on.” She pulled out a Carly Simon record. “Here, I’ll let you enjoy the cover,” she said. (In the picture Carly clearly wasn’t wearing a bra either.) “Now I really really have to go—I hope you don’t mind—”

“No, let’s dance,” he said as “You’re So Vain” came on.

“I’ll have to dance, if I’m going to keep holding it!”

He pulled her close and kissed her as they danced around the living room. She loved the feel of his hands on her. She was so glad she was finally seducing him. But she had to pee so badly!

“Mr. Parker,” she said, “this is so wonderful, I wish we could dance forever—but can I please please go?”

“It’s an emergency?” he said.

“On beyond an emergency! I’m about to pee myself!”

“Well, we wouldn’t want that,” he said. “But before I’ll let you go, you need to pay the toll.”

“What’s the toll?”

“Another kiss.” He wrapped her in his arms and pressed her to him. It was delightful and also dangerous. She was squeezing her legs together as tight as she could as she kissed him back. They made out for longer than she would have thought she could last. Finally she pulled back.

“Mr. Parker, if I stay another thirty seconds there will be a puddle on my floor.”

“Then kiss me for twenty seconds more,” he said.

She counted in her head. At nineteen he let her go. She ran to the bathroom, turned, blew him a kiss, and closed the door. She stripped off her nylons down and hauled her skirt up. She peed for ages. The relief was orgasmic, and she moaned as if he was already making love to her.

}}

“Oooh, that’s some good ideas… ‘twenty seconds more’…”

“How are you doing?”

“It’s almost as if you were making love to me.”

“Are you close?”

“Not quite. But soon. You?”

“I’m fine. That’s the end of the really sexy part, sorry.”

“All good. I want to see what happens next anyway.”

{{:

When she came out he said, “Thank you for a lovely evening and a really fun dance, Meagan. But I don’t want to overstay my welcome. Should I go?” he asked.

“I’d rather you stayed,” she said. “And yes, I’m sure. I’ve been sure for weeks.” She stroked his cheek. “Do you want to stay?”

He swallowed.

“Or—is it only good for you unless I’m having an emergency?” she asked.

“No, no,” he said. “That’s a great turn-on, but there are other parts of you that turn me on.”

“So stay,” she said, and kissed him again.

After, they lay in bed together. “Work is going to be awkward in the morning,” she said, cuddled up against him.

“Business before pleasure,” he said. “Or we can’t go out to dinner like that ever again. I won’t be able to afford it.”

“We can just get Chinese take-out,” she said. “I don’t mind. But do you want me to get in any emergencies in the office?”

“Not every day,” he said, and they laughed.

“How come that turns you on?” she asked.

“No idea,” he said. “It just does.”

“Would you like me to get in an emergency next time we go out?”

“That would be nice,” he said, “if you want to.”

“Just as long as it gets you in an emergency and I can help, Mr. Parker,” she said. “I like it when you’re all hard and hot and need to come somehow, and then I can help you.”

“It will,” he said, “and you can help me any time. And you can just call me Parker. All my friends do.”

}}

“Awww, how sweet. And I love it when you help me. Like you’re helping me now, long-distance.”

“Mmmhmmm. Am I helping you enough? Are you there yet?”

“Not quite. But I can get there in a second if you want me to.”

“No rush. How about you help me brainstorm ideas for the next chapter?”

“Sure. Question—when is this story set?”

“I kinda had a 1970s vibe going.”

“Yeah, I noticed. So how about they go to a classic movie on their next date, and she gets all desperate in the theater?”

“Sure! Which movie?”

“Mmmm… oh, I know! The Poseidon Adventure. I read the book of that. There’s a scene where a couple women have to figure out where to pee when there’s no bathroom.”

“What do they end up doing?”

“One tells the other ‘We should just find a dark hallway and dribble quietly, like when we were little girls.’ I’ve always remembered that line. ‘Dribble quietly.’”

“I can’t help you live out that fantasy, love. I can’t dribble. I gush.”

“Oh, I know. But that scene was shocking for me. I already had my kink, and here was something close to it in an old book.”

“How does it end?”

“The other woman just says that’s smart and the scene ends. They weren’t about to describe it in 1970-whenever. But I could imagine. Hiding out, peeing in the dark…”

“Mmmm. Stay on that. I heard it in your voice.”

“Well for starters there’s two of them. That’s always hotter. It’s dark so it’s not that hard to hide, but they still need to be out of sight, and try to be quiet. Let’s say one’s wearing pants and the other’s wearing a skirt. They take turns, so one can stand guard. It’s tough on the one who goes second, she has to listen to the other uhhhnnnn.”

“There you go.”

“Uh-huh.”

“And that’s… what… I needed… to hear…”

May 3

She didn’t surprise him in bed this time. She texted ahead like a civilized person and he met her at the door. Since they’d just seen each other a few days before, they kissed hello but didn’t tear each others’ clothes off. But in Parker’s room, Meagan told him, “Okay! So I have three graduation presents for you. Do you want one now, or do you want to wait?”

“I’ll take one now.”

“Smallest one, then,” she said, and handed him a key with a ribbon tied on it. “Your key to our apartment,” she said.

“Ooooh. That’s an excellent gift… smallest, huh?”

“We’ll do them in order of size.”

For the first time since New Year’s, they had nothing to do. They would pack up Parker’s dorm room on Friday in preparation for moving him to Ann Arbor on Sunday. And since they weren’t unbearably horny thanks to her surprise visit the weekend before, they didn’t even default to sex. Instead they wandered around campus, taking the place in for what might be the last time. Everything was quiet, as most of the people who weren’t graduating had already left. The two of them went out to the woods, of course, and although they both watered a tree while they were out there, mostly they just held hands and hung out, remembering.

They wandered until dinnertime. The dining hall was open and Meagan sweet-talked her way in for probably the last time. They emerged with full bellies and an ice cream cone apiece and kept walking until the shadows lengthened with the sun going down.

“I’m gonna miss this place,” Parker said as he looked at the low light on the brick walls. “We’ve had some amazing times here.”

“And some hard times. But even those ended up good for us.”

“How did we get so lucky?”

“Well, I don’t know about you, but I made a deal with the Devil during freshman year.”

“Wait, what?”

“I meant ‘Good karma.’ So, do you want your next present now, or later?”

“Tomorrow, I think. Then you can give me the third present on Saturday.”

“That makes sense. But in that case I’d rather not have sex tonight, ‘kay? Do a little build-up.”

“Got it.”

“Love you.”

“I know.”

The next morning, they woke up and made out until Meagan said, “Hey. Gonna go use the bathroom—without you this time—but when I come back, let’s open your next present.”

“Deal.”

When she came back and locked the door behind her, she stripped naked without warning, then crouched down to get something from her bag: an envelope with his name on it. She handed it to him and crawled into bed beside him.

“Is this what I think it is?” he asked.

“Mmmmmmhmm. Chapter Four,” she answered.

{{:

Chapter 4

Going to the Movies

The next time they went out, they went to the movies. They went to see The Poseidon Adventure. They’d both seen it before. That was okay. That wasn’t really why they were going.

“Why that movie?” she asked. “It wasn’t very good.”

“No, but it’s got a lot of water in it,” he said. She laughed.

“Also because the book turned me on,” he said.

“Really?”

“There’s a scene in the book where two women need to pee. But the boat’s upside down, so of course they can’t use the bathroom normally. One of them’s a little desperate. The other one says ‘Let’s just dribble quietly in a hallway.’ I remember that particularly. ‘Dribble quietly.’ There’s nothing else, but that still turned me on. I read it over and over again. Did you ever ‘dribble quietly’ because there was no bathroom?”

“Once or twice in college, I think,” she said. “Very embarrassing! I hope you don’t want me to do that.”

“No, but let’s pretend someday.”

“Okay!”

}}

“Mmmm,” Parker said. “I appreciate you including that for me.”

“Well, you mentioned it so particularly.” She stroked him through the fabric of his boxers, and then pulled his hard-on out through the fly. She rested her cheek on his chest as she fondled him.

{{:

So they went to the movie and he bought a lot of popcorn and a big soda.

“Why so much popcorn?” she asked.

“To make you thirsty,” he said, “so you’ll drink the soda.”

She definitely drank the soda! They were almost alone in the movie theater. It was a Thursday afternoon showing; they’d gone out to lunch and didn’t plan on going back to the office. They could whisper to each other quietly without bothering the other watchers. One of the only other people was an old man who fell asleep quickly. They could hear him snoring.

He asked, “You okay?”

“If I weren’t with you I might go pee right now. Especially since I’ve already seen this movie. But I’m with you so I won’t. Not an emergency yet. But it will be. You?”

“I’m okay. Not an emergency yet either. But it will be, too—once yours starts.”

They finished the soda. “If it was a terrible emergency and you just couldn’t wait, would you pee in that cup?” he asked.

“In the cup? Right here in the theater?”

“Yes. Say you couldn’t get out. Say you had snoring old men on both sides.”

“I could never do that,” she said. “I’d crawl right over them and run for the ladies’ room.”

“Okay. But now imagine there’s a huge line for the ladies’.”

“A lot of times there is,” she said. “So I’m used to that.”

“But it’s a real emergency and you couldn’t wait. What would you do?”

“I don’t know. It’s been an emergency for me in situations like that sometimes. Especially in bars. But I’ve always managed to wait.”

“Well, I’m glad,” he said.

“You are?”

“I don’t want you getting in any emergencies for real,” he said. “Just for the two of us.”

}}

“You know, we’ve basically never done anything with bars.”

“Bars cost more money than buying booze from the store.”

“Yes, but the potential for waiting in line!”

“Maybe once we’re wealthy and successful, love.”

{{:

By the time the movie was over she told him it was getting to be an emergency. “Not quite yet, but soon,” she said. She felt him up, right there in the movie theater. “Seems like it’ll be an emergency for you, too.”

He said yes. They took a taxi back to her apartment again.

“It’s definitely an emergency now,” she said as they got inside her apartment. Her roommate was gone again. “But I can wait a bit. What do you want to do?”

He ran his hands over her hips. “You.”

“Before I pee?”

“Yes. It’ll be exciting.”

“Well, okay.” She felt him stiffen more. “Seems like it really is exciting!”

“It is.”

They got naked and lay down on her bed and made out. She kept one hand between her legs to keep from leaking, and to get herself wet. When she was wet she straddled him and slid him in. “Wow,” she said. “That feels good.”

“It does?”

“Really good. Okay, I want to ride you until I climax. But I don’t want you to climax. Not yet.”

“No? I thought you liked helping me.”

“I do. And I’m going to. But I have something special for you after.”

}}

“A little authorial insertion, huh?” Parker said. He looked down at his lover. Meagan was running her hand gently up and down his erection and looking up at him with shining eyes. That was maybe the most delightful part of the whole thing: her excitement.

{{:

“It’s going to be really hard not to come in you, if you’re bursting.”

“Well, if you really can’t hold it in…”

They both laughed.

It was hard for her to hold it and ride him at the same time but she managed. And she had a really nice orgasm. She fell down onto him for a minute, then she got off him and took him by the hand and led him to the bathroom. But before they went in, she closed the door. She turned to him and said, “What am I going to do, honey? The bathroom’s closed! And I have to go so bad!”

“You can’t hold it any more?” he asked.

“Maybe a minute more,” she said. “If I try really hard.” She grabbed herself and danced around. She looked at him and said, “Please, honey, think of something!” She mouthed “hallway” without saying anything.

“I suggest we just find a hallway where you can dribble quietly,” he said.

“Good idea!” she said. Still holding herself with one hand, she took him with the other—not his hand, but his hard-on. She led him into the hallway. She squirmed around more. “Is anyone coming?”

He looked around. “I think you’re safe.”

“Oh thank goodness,” she said. She squatted down in the hallway, leaned against the wall, and started to pee all over the floor. She jacked him off quickly while she did.

“I’m gonna come,” he said.

“Good,” she said, and took him in her mouth. He came and she swallowed while she was still peeing.

“That’s a big mess,” he said, when he saw the puddle.

“Yep. But I guess we’ll just have to clean it up, boss!”

}}

“Mmmmm,” he said. “That’s a good story. Thank you so much.”

“You’re so welcome,” Meagan said, and wrapped his cock in her hand the way she did when she wanted him to lose his erection.

“I don’t get to come?”

“Not today,” she said. “The story was the present, not the coming.”

“No wonder you were so excited, watching me read,” he said. “I saw that look in your eyes.”

“Mmmmmmhmmmm.”

“But now you’re all worked up, too. And I need you to thank you for the presents.” He reached for her.

“Well, that wasn’t how I planned this morning… but ‘kay, I’m not objecting!”

“Fingers, tongue, or vibrator?”

“I’d rather shower before you go down on me. And I can get off with my vibe any time. I don’t always get you.”

“But you’re about to,” he said, and kissed her breast. “Since now I have a key to our apartment.” He slid his fingers between her legs, which she obligingly spread for him.

“That’s true.”

“We’re gonna make so much love, and we’re gonna fuck so hard,” he whispered in her ear as he fingered her. “And we’re gonna do so many other wonderful things too. The future’s bright, love.”

He kept talking like that until she bucked against his hand with a little cry, and silenced both of them with a passionate kiss.

May 4

After they spent the day packing and loading the car, the room was essentially bare except for the bedding, Meagan’s travel bag, Parker’s toilet kit, and the dirty laundry. Parker’s graduation outfit—robe and nice button-down shirt to go under it—hung alone in the closet. Parker’s family rolled in mid-afternoon and took them out to dinner. The conversation was mostly Meagan catching up with Mr. and Mrs. Daniels, since she hadn’t seen them since Christmas.

“I’m sorry I’m stealing your son away so soon,” Meagan said.

“Well, maybe we can come up to Ann Arbor to visit before too long,” Mrs. Daniels said.

“That would be lovely!”

“And take you out to eat,” Mr. Daniels added with a twinkle in his eye. “I remember how grad students eat—or fail to, as the case may be.”

When the four of them finally wrapped up for the night, Mr. Daniels dropped Meagan and Parker off at the dorm. Inside the room, Parker kissed Meagan. “Tonight?” he asked.

She shook her head. “Let’s wait until tomorrow.”

May 5

In the morning Parker woke up to Meagan slipping out of bed to go to the bathroom. When she returned, she was wearing her short and sexy bathrobe—and a ribbon tied around her neck, with a bow on it. He sat up and she came over to him, laying her arms on his shoulders.

“What’s this for?” he asked, touching the bow over her throat.

“Your third present,” she said.

He looked up at her with inquiring eyes. “The third present is… you?”

“Me,” she said. “I couldn’t really afford to give you anything.”

“I know.”

“But I want your graduation to be properly celebrated. So today you can do whatever you want with me.”

“Whatever I want…”

“Make me hold it as long as you want. Make me piss my pants if you’re feeling perverse. Fuck me whenever and wherever.”

He stood up to take her in his arms and kiss her. “You know what I was thinking?”

“Hmm?”

“I’m gonna get a diploma today. But of all the things I ever got here, the best of them was you. By a mile. No competition. I love you, Meagan. And I am so lucky we met each other.”

“All glory to the God of Hedgehogs.”

“Yup. I’m grateful for the gift, love. But I don’t want to start this new phase of our life with me making you do stuff.”

“Tomorrow we’ll face the future together,” Meagan said. “Today is about you. And I trust you. I’ll let you do whatever you want to me because I trust you.”

He shivered. “Let me think on it a bit.”

“’Kay. Just let me know if you want me to start holding.”

“Not yet. Not during the ceremony,” he said.

“Why not?”

“It’s sacrilegious or something. Disrespectful, that’s the word. Hmmm.” He pondered for a moment. “Speaking of disrespectful, I don’t wanna have you pee all over the campus or anything. Besides, been there done that. There’s always the 50-yard line…”

She shrugged.

“…But you didn’t really like that idea. Too public. Besides, whatever we do, I’ll wanna make love to you pretty quick after. And we won’t do that on the 50-yard-line. Sex while holding is our standard, but we can’t really top your graduation…”

“We don’t have to top anything. It’s your call, though. You’re in control.”

“Got it,” he said instantly. “Something I can’t remember us ever doing.”

“Yeah?”

“Control. Just about every time we’ve played around with my kink, you held it until I said okay, or until you decided. I just want you to hold it until you actually lose control. Like, peeing without meaning to.”

“’Kay!” she said. “There was the time I pissed my long underwear. Do you wanna do that again?”

“No. I want you naked for it.”

“When and where?”

“After the parties,” he said, “so we have something to look forward to, and so you can build up nicely. And it doesn’t have to be right after the parties, either, so you can enjoy them. Where… right here. Just like in the story. I want you to pee all over the floor. We’ll use the dirty laundry to clean it up and run a load first thing in the morning.”

She hugged him. “’Kay. I am totally down for this.” She kissed him. “And I knew I could trust you. You weren’t gonna make me piss my pants during dinner or in front of the whole college or anything. Just you and me, nice and private. And then we fuck?”

“Then we make love.”

She kissed him again. “I’ll start drinking water.”

“Already?”

“Get my system all cleared out. If we’re gonna have me peeing on the floor, we want it as close to water as possible.”

“Right, like at Thanksgiving in Cole Hall.”

“You got it.”

They made out and felt each other up while they got dressed—which slowed them down, of course, but made it much more fun. But no time for anything more, as they had to wolf down some breakfast and get dressed for the ceremony.

Parker was all dressed up—button-down shirt and tie, nice pants, no sneakers. Meagan was, as ever, in a T-shirt and jeans, but to Parker she looked magnificent just the way she was. He told her so, and then added, “Really, the diploma is nice—but you’re the best thing in the last four years. And much more of an education. You’ve taught me so much.”

“Hey, dude. Today is about you. Be proud of yourself! You made it, you’re graduating!”

“Couldn’t have done it without you.”

“Liar. Your grades were always almost as good as mine.”

“Well, okay, true. But I wouldn’t have had it any other way.”

They held hands as they walked out to the lawn where the ceremony would be held. They found Mr. and Mrs. Daniels, who made much of their son and took pictures of him in his cap and gown and generally did the parents-at-graduation thing. Meagan stood looking on, beaming. Finally it was time to go line up.

“Wish I could take you with me,” Parker whispered in Meagan’s ear as he hugged her.

“We’re gonna be apart for a whole two hours,” she whispered back. “We’ll be okay.” And then, with a quick flash of mischief in her eyes, she took a big drink from her water bottle and sent him on his way.

The speeches were all well-written and well-spoken and Parker couldn’t wait for them to be over. As he had not gotten college honors, the academic awards were less interesting. But when the music swelled and it was his turn to walk across the stage, suddenly the importance of the last four years hit him. The name on the diploma wasn’t gonna be “Meagan McAllister’s Lover.” It wasn’t “Son of William and Donna,” either. That diploma was his. Something he’d done. Something he’d earned. Sure, the main thing he’d take away from college was the love of his life (and he felt a bit of a lump in his throat as he thought that), and sure, being her lover was a constant wonderful education in occasional misery and frequent bliss. But today was really about him and what he’d accomplished.

So as they called his name out—“Parker Daniels!”—he went out on stage with a smile, and shook the college president’s hand, and walked off the stage with his head held high. It wasn’t until he was on the steps back down that he looked for the love of his life in the crowd. And since she was right where he’d left her, alongside his family, it wasn’t hard to find her. She was whooping and clapping and grinning from ear to ear.

As was customary, they went out for a nice lunch just after. Unlike Meagan, he didn’t wear the funny hat into the restaurant. When conversation veered into what he was going to do in Ann Arbor, he gently nudged it back to other topics. Today wasn’t about the future. Today was about celebration.

The food was excellent, but what Parker enjoyed most about it was that Meagan drank two full glasses of icewater and excused herself to the restroom between the main course and dessert.

She had to pee again as soon as they got back to the dorm, too. And when she rejoined him in the room, she shook her head. “Whew. I’m pissing rivers, lover.”

“Just what we wanted.”

There were parties to go to, and they put in an appearance at several, taking a drink at each. Meagan paired alcohol with water each time, too. As they walked toward the first, she asked, “Should I start holding it now?”

“Go one last time,” he said, “and then tank up.”

“You got it.” She nuzzled him. “You don’t want to do anything else wild and perverse while I’m yours to command?”

“Hmmmm. I might think of something.”

They could have stayed out drinking for hours. But as they left the first party and started heading towards the second, Parker looked at the low light of the sunset and suddenly decided on a change of plans. “Hey beautiful,” he said. “Got an idea. It’s only a little perverse.”

“I’m yours,” she said.

“Let’s go back to the room, then.”

What Parker had remembered was that at this time of day at this time of year, the sun shone in through the window of his first-floor dorm room with a deep amber glow. Luckily there weren’t any buildings blocking the light from that angle.

When they got back to the room, the first thing they did was kiss. The second thing Parker did was ask how she was feeling.

“Oh, I gotta go again already. But since I’ve broken the seal—or never really let a seal form in the first place—it won’t be too long.”

“Good. Can you chug the rest of your water bottle?”

She grinned gamely and started on gulping it down.

“Now here’s what I want to do,” Parker said. “First off—and this is just a little thing, but I do like it a lot—can you take your bra off without taking your shirt off?”

“’Course I can,” she scoffed. “Are you doubting me?”

“No, just asking you to do it.”

“Don’t ask me, lover. Tell me.”

“Take your bra off from under your shirt.”

“Aye aye, cap’n.” She did so.

“Play with your boobs a bit. I wanna see your nipples. And some jiggle.”

She cupped them and bounced them a little, and rubbed her thumbs over her nipples to harden them.

“Okay,” he said, “here’s the mildly perverse part.” He adjusted his window blinds—not opening them entirely, but enough to let the amber light pour through. The slats of the blinds swinging back and forth cast fascinating patterns across Meagan’s face.

“Now I want you to take your clothes off, please. Start at the bottom and work up. Stay where the light’s on you.”

Meagan kicked her shoes and socks off quickly enough, but hesitated just a moment at the zipper of her jeans.

“If anyone really stops and looks in, they could see you,” Parker said. “If they’re just passing by, though? I bet they won’t notice. But right now I’m enjoying you in the light.”

Meagan nodded. “It is pretty. Okay. I said I was your gift…”

“If anyone does start looking, you can close the blinds.”

“Thank you,” she said, and dropped her pants.

“Just stay like that for a moment,” he said, admiring her in t-shirt and panties. “Pose for me.”

She did so, in several different positions.

“Gotta pee?” he asked.

“Mmmhmmm,” she said. “Getting bad, too. All that water is gonna go right through me.”

He stepped closer and ran his hands over her hips, then up under the hem of her shirt to feel her bladder. “Yeah, you really are full!”

“I definitely am.”

“Okay. Panties next.”

She dropped them and stepped out of them.

“So you usually get all locked down. Not this time. You can do anything you want, anything you need, to hold it—except that. Cross your legs, bend over, squirm… show me you’re holding. Play with your boobs some more, too.”

She nodded. She crossed her legs and her arms at once, cupping her breasts with the opposite hands. Then she uncrossed and re-crossed her legs the other way.

“I wish I had the Polaroid camera,” he said.

“Shit. I coulda brought that… okay, just try to memorize it.”

“I will,” he said.

After watching her dance back and forth from foot to foot for a while, Parker said, “All right. Shirt off.”

She made a slight ceremony of it, the way he liked it, moving a little slowly, then holding the shirt at arm’s length before dropping it.

“Anyone going by outside?” he asked her.

“A few people. Nobody’s looking.”

“Good.”

Meagan did more with her hands without prompting, running them over her breasts and under them and then down her belly to her hips. Then, after a little while, she covered her nipples with one arm and hand, and started squeezing her crotch with her other.

“That bad already?”

“All that water,” she said. “All according to plan.”

“Put your arms down and show me your tits.”

She did, clasping her hands behind her back and thrusting her chest out a little. She crossed her legs tightly as she did so.

“So when you said ‘lose control’… how are you defining that?”

“I want you to be pissing even while you’re still trying to hold it in,” he said. “Keep trying to hold back even if it’s not working. Down your legs, through your fingers, that kind of thing.”

“Wow. ‘Kay, I can do that. Actually kinda looking forward to it…”

He stepped forward and ran a hand from her hip up over her bladder to the underside of her breast. “Yeah you are. You really gotta go, don’t you?”

“I do,” she said. “Bursting.”

“And you know something? I trust you,” Parker said. “You could let it out right now and pretend you’re leaking. But I know you’ll try to hold it to the end.”

“Fuckin’ aye,” she said. She uncrossed her legs and marched in place for a moment, still with her hands behind her back. This added some fun motion to her boobs. “Lover, this is all about you today, but can I ask for something?”

“Depends on what it is.”

“Can I kiss you?”

“Of course.”

She held still for a moment and leaned forward to do so. Then she had to cross her legs again. “Mmmff. Getting harder to hold it. Second question: can I feel how hard you are?”

He stepped forward. She ran her fingers lightly down the crotch of his jeans. “Thank you,” she said. “Feels like you’re getting what you want.”

He matched her gesture, feeling the tautness of her muscles. “I really am. I think I wanna help you hold it for a bit,” he said, and clutched her crotch. He stepped behind her so he could apply more pressure, and so she could feel his hard-on against her hip. She gratefully leaned into his grasp, and he rubbed the general area of her clit with his thumb. He also cupped her breast with his free hand and kissed her neck. She made little happy noises.

“Shit, we’re losing the light,” he said.

“Do you want to—no. If you want to, you’ll do it.”

“Hmm?”

“I wondered if you wanted the blinds closed.”

“Now that the light’s fading,” he said, “I think it’ll be even harder to see you. But let’s close them just a bit more. So there’s still a chance someone will see you pissing when you can’t hold it, but not as big of a chance.”

She closed adjusted the blinds so he didn’t have take his hands away. But a minute or two later, he did anyway. Meagan had to immediately grab herself and bend over to replace the pressure he’d taken away. He eagerly cupped her boobs with both hands, gently fondling them, and leaned forward to kiss her neck again.

“I don’t think I can hold it much longer,” she whispered.

“Hold it until you’re gushing, no matter what you do,” he said. “Not just leaks. Like the dam fully bursting.”

“Oh, it’s gonna burst,” she muttered. Then she yipped. “That was a leak… it’s gonna be soon. Do you want me standing or squatting or what?”

“Whatever position you need to hold on,” he said, moving around from behind her to watch more closely.

“Leaked again,” she said, and this time he saw the wetness on her thigh. She put one hand on the bed frame to steady herself, grabbed hold with the other, and crossed her legs over her hand.

“Hold on,” he whispered in her ear. “You can last a little longer. I know you can. You’re so strong. And I love you so much.”

She was making desperate little noises in the back of her throat now and clenching her teeth. Her whole body was shaking with the effort. Then she leaked again, enough that they both could hear the brief, cut-off hiss. He was about to encourage her some more when another leak burst out. “I’m losing it,” she whispered.

He crouched down to watch, and seeing this she straightened up a bit to give him a better view—and that triggered not a leak, but a gush. Meagan did exactly as he’d asked: she didn’t give up even then, or when the second gush burst through her fingers, or when the third and fourth gushes came less than a second apart. She didn’t even let go as the fifth gush just became the stream. She only let go as he took her by the shoulders and pulled her upright. She spread her legs, just a little, and her stream thundered against the linoleum of the dorm room floor. She let out a sigh of absolute relief.

Parker kissed her passionately, hungrily, even as her stream spattered across his bare feet. He almost tore his clothes getting out of them; Meagan helped with his shirt.

“I want you so bad,” he whispered between frantic kisses.

“From behind? Me on top?”

“Face to face.”

Her legs were still dripping with piss. So was her labia; Parker felt the friction as he found her clit and tried to lube her up.

“I gotta be in you,” Parker moaned.

“Of course,” she said. She’d found the bottle of lube somewhere. She dumped what seemed like half of it on her hands. One hand found his hard-on, the other went for her crotch. Then she swept both hands down the inside of her thighs. She fell back on the bed and he was on top of her in a heartbeat. He fumbled, unable to slide his erection in, for what seemed like forever, but was probably only a few seconds. Meagan guided him and he sank into her in a single thrust. All his usual worries about his weight were forgotten; he lay atop her, reveling in the pressure of her breasts against him, raking his fingers through her hair, and still kissing her like he was about to die and only she could save him.

She was a bit more controlled but just as passionate, kissing back just as fiercely. She brought her legs up and wrapped them around him (that lube was coming in handy), and wrapped her arms around him too.

It was definitely not the longest sex they’d ever had. He didn’t come instantly—that was all he could say for himself, afterward. But it was so intense. So intense. Wave after wave rolled through him and into her. She took it all.

“Meagan, Meagan,” he moaned as he thrust. “Love you… want you…”

“I love you too,” she gasped. “Oh, lover, fuck yes, fuck yes…”

He opened his eyes and realized he must have closed them. Once he was able to focus, he looked down at her. She was panting and grinning hugely.

“That was good,” she whispered.

“Did you come?”

“No,” she said. “But watching you, feeling you, was amazing. I’ll remember that for the rest of my life, Parker—the look in your eyes, the way you wanted me so much… besides, the peeing was like an orgasm all on its own.”

“I’m sorry. I should have—”

She cut him off with a kiss. “I loved it, beautiful man. I wanted to give you something special, and I did, and that was an exquisite feeling. I felt… I felt like I was Aphrodite, to make you want me that bad. Like you were worshiping me.”

“You really did turn me on so much.” He shook his head. “I should get up and pee…”

“We are both so incredibly slimy and sticky, it really doesn’t matter,” she said. “There’s pee all over me and all over the floor and these sheets probably need to get washed twice and don’t worry about any of that right now, hon. I want you here. Right here. Don’t worry about a thing.”

“Someday,” he murmured, “I need to make you come like that.”

“You don’t owe me like that, lover,” she whispered. “Our love ain’t a business deal. This was a gift. For you, on your day. If you want to give me a gift like it, then give it when you want to. Forget about need—except needing me. Forget about should.”

“Except we should clean things up, or this room’s gonna reek.”

“It’s not gonna smell any worse for another five minutes,” Meagan said. “Give me that gift. Five more minutes of you in my arms, after a truly tremendous fuck.”

“Love off the charts,” he murmured.

“Up to eleven and so far beyond.”

In the end he gave her nearly ten minutes. He’d slid out of her immediately, but she didn’t let him out of her arms, or legs, for that whole time. When they saw the damage, they started laughing. They abandoned the idea of using the dirty laundry to mop up the piss, since the bedsheet was so obviously in need of a wash. Then, because she didn’t want to get her towel filthy before she showered, Meagan wrapped herself in the topsheet as they walked down the hall to the shower. It clung to her amazingly, and the cloth was so thin her nipples weren’t just poking through, they were essentially visible.

Again, they were lucky the dorm was almost deserted. He washed her legs for her, kissing them from time to time, as a further act of reverence. And then, since she’d forgotten a towel in managing the bedsheet, he left her naked and dripping wet in the men’s shower as he darted down the hall to grab one from the Backup Drawer. Which of course she’d already packed. So he brought her clothes back instead and they both got as dry as they could using just his towel. She was still damp enough that her t-shirt clung to her every curve, and of course he hadn’t thought to bring her bra. Back in the room, with the dusk falling and the crickets starting up, she pulled the T-shirt right off again. “Between the sheet and the shirt and the wet, I might as well just be topless,” she said with a grin.

“Well hey, if you wanted to go to that last party, we still could. And if you wanna go dressed like that—or undressed, really—I’d be fine with it. But I’m not making you.”

She laughed. “After that, a party seems… anticlimactic?”

“It really does.”

She grinned. “Let’s go anyway. Once I’m all the way dry.”

They lay on the bare mattress, naked, and made out until the evening air wicked the last of her shower away.

And (after starting a load of laundry, because clearly that couldn’t wait until morning) they walked to the party hand in hand, swinging their arms, and grinning like idiots. Everyone assumed they’d just had a lot of alcohol before they arrived, they were so goofy. They celebrated with their friends one last time… drunk out of their minds on love.

