OmorashiVille (Night with the ladies)

Author: Wildagram

*000*2021-12-09 03:43

Hello everybody! This is my FIRST fanfiction on here. So here we go. Fair warning. This will be a long ass story.

Part 1: Hanging out with Bonnie's gal pals. (Lots of rambling, Sorry!)

My name is Wildagram (Big W for short) and I just moved to OmorashiVille a week ago. I already made some new friends along the way too, which I was currently hanging out with in Bonnie's apartment since she's enjoying her honeymoon with Taylor. The ladies were:

Jordan Jones, brown hair, Latino and loves to stay beautiful.

Sydney Bentley, Irish, a bit feisty and has blonde hair and glasses.

Alicia Marie, brown hair, Polish with a cocky personality.

Cady White, Australian, red hair and has a mouth on her.

Kionna Parks, African American, black hair and very sassy.

Maria Gonzalez, light brown hair, from Argentina and has a smart personality.

And Anna Yang, a South Korean with short black hair and loves omorashi just like Bonnie, Taylor and me.

Before I even got in the apartment there was empty soda bottles everywhere and they was watching football. Some of the ladies were fidgeting. I didn't mind it and just sat on the couch and chilled. Minutes later,

"Bloody hell, thank goddess that game is over!! I gotta pee!" Shouted Cady as she was uncontrollably fidgeting now.

"Your telling me chica! Those soft drinks really did a number on my bladder!" Says Jordan trying to hold it and put on her lipstick at the same time. They both got up and start heading to the bathroom until Alicia blurted something out..

"It's only been 3 hours and you girls fell a wee bit full and you're calling quits? Some ladies.." After Alicia said that it started to get feisty.

"Shut it homegirl, you know damn well that your bursting just as bad! Don't start your ego power trip now!!" Kionna blurted, in fact ALL the girls except me and Anna were pretty much desperate for a potty break right about now. With the squirming, quick crotch grabs and fidgeting, the situation was getting pretty heated but Sydney said something that got everyone's attention.

"Your out of your mind if you think you can hold it longer than ALL of us!! You were basically squirming throughout the WHOLE DAMN FOOTBALL GAME!! Get off your high horse already."

That just pissed off Alicia. "Well if you put it that way Sydney, then hell yeah I can. In fact, I can hold it longer than anybody in this damn apartment, let's face facts, everybody knows I'm the leader in this group!" Alicia said with the upmost confidence despite tightly crossing her legs and sweating. Even though I can tell she's bluffing, she just didn't want to be caught off guard by Sydney.

"Well, I just don't get why you homosapiens are even thinking about a holding contest, knowing that most of your bladders are the size of peanuts." Maria says calmly, as she was constantly crossing her legs in her tight black pencil skirt.

"And what's THAT supposed to mean?!" Cady was now desperate and offended, not a good combination.

"Yeah Ms.Brainiac, ENLIGHTEN us." Great now Kionna was ticked now. But Maria just straightens her glasses.

"Look around, it's been a minute since the game has ended and we're desperate including myself. Hell, I know at least 10 people that can hold it better than you imbeciles, and they're guys!" That just made the situation worse. The girls and myself were gobsmacked, she did not just say that! Also while this was going on, I noticed that Anna is no where to be found.

Jordan was basically doing a miniature dance, Alicia, Sydney and Maria are crossing their legs and clutching their thighs and Kionna and Cady were basically moving there bodies side to side. But the main focus was Maria's comment and she kept going.

"Come to think of it, a holding contest would be pointless anyway, according to my calculations we all drunk about 12 bottles of soda so you gals will just drop within seconds."

Now Sydney is taunting Maria. "Ohh! Something tells me that Mrs Pinky and The Brain will chicken out!"

I was about to tell everybody to chill out but Maria is fuming. "Ohh!! Alright sister! You poked the bear my friend. You want to play?! Let's play!! But let's raise the stakes, the first lady that wets herself gets a spanking from all of us!"

"YOU'RE ON!!" The girls shouted back at Maria. Just then Anna bursts through the door with a huge menacing grin forming from ear to ear, she was carrying shopping bags full of 2 liters of soda pop and plenty bottles of water. She approaches Maria.

"Since your so CONFIDENT. How about a little side bet. If your the first one eliminated, you have to give me $100. If your not the first one out, you'll get to pick what punishment I'll have to endure. Deal?" Anna says.

"You're on. You want to play? LETS. PLAY. GIVE ME MY BOTTLE!" Maria shouts with determination.

I immediately started to get intrigued. The omorashi loving inside of me is jumping for joy right now.

End of part 1. I know it's long but it's my first fanfiction I couldn't help myself. Apologies!!

*001*2021-12-09 03:50

My friend Bonniebanbonni made a story about OmorashiVille on Fanfiction.net here's the link if anyone wants to read it:

%https://www.fanfiction.net/u/15222615/BonniesOmorashi

*003*2021-12-10 09:17

{{2 hours ago, BonnieBanBonni said:

If you ask me it should of been longer

}}

Thanks! But it'll be too long in my opinion.

