Chloe’s Desperation

Author: wingate

*000*2023-05-31 02:59

Once upon a time at Rawlinson High School, Chloe found herself in a rather desperate situation during her third-period pre-algebra class with Mr. White. You see, Chloe had made the regrettable decision to skip her morning restroom break, and now she was paying the price.

As she discreetly held herself, Chloe turned to her girlfriend, Addison and confessed, "I skipped my morning pee, and I'm bursting!"

Concerned, Addison suggested, "Why don't you ask Mr. White if you can use the bathroom?"

But Chloe, stubbornly determined to make it through the day without giving in to her bodily needs, ignored Addison’s advice. She took a small sip of water, hoping it might relieve some of the pressure.

The minutes ticked by, and with every passing moment, Chloe’s desperation grew. She shifted uncomfortably in her seat, attempting to find any semblance of relief. Unfortunately, despite her best efforts, a few embarrassing leaks managed to escape. The dampness between her thighs (which she wasn’t sure was pee or not) sent shivers of embarrassment down her spine, but she remained resolute in my decision not to use the school bathroom.

Addison, witnessing Chloe’s struggle, implored her once again, "Please, Chloe, just go ask to use the bathroom. It's better than suffering like this!"

Yet, Chloe remained resolute, determined to endure the remaining three hours of the school day without giving in to her bodily demands. She reasoned that she could make it until she got home.

When the final bell rang, Chloe hurriedly exited the classroom, hoping to find some solace during the ten-minute wait for her bus. The anticipation of relief coupled with the bumpy bus ride tested her endurance further. She clenched her muscles tightly, doing everything she could to hold on.

Chloe’s desperation intensified as she sat on the school bus, her bladder pleading for relief. Every bump in the road felt like an agonizing jab at her bursting bladder. She clenched her thighs together, using all her strength to resist the pressing urge. Beads of sweat formed on her forehead as she fought against the mounting pressure, trying to distract herself by engaging in a conversation with her seatmate. Her friends, unaware of her dire situation, chatted away, oblivious to Chloe’s silent struggle.

As the bus trudged through traffic, Chloe’s willpower wavered. A sudden jolt from the bus caused her to gasp, her hands flying instinctively to her crotch. She knew she was running out of time, her body reaching its limit. Every muscle in her lower abdomen strained, begging for release.

Finally, as the bus pulled up to her stop, Chloe rushed home, knowing she was mere moments away from the much-needed release. As she stepped through the front door, she barely had time to say hello to her family before dashing to the bathroom.

Barely undoing her pants, she began to powerfully pee into the toilet. For three blissful minutes, she allowed herself the freedom to let go of the pent-up pressure. The relief she experienced was immeasurable, and she couldn't help but rub her clit just a little. As she sped up her rubbing, she had a mind-blowing orgasm, more intense than ever. “I think I’ll do this again,” she said to herself.

