A Bursting Graduate

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2024-03-21 04:53

Once again, shout to @Apan for the continued inspiration!

Part 1:

Anna gave her parents one last hug and one last smile before she turned and strode in to the arena. Over the past four years that she had been studying abroad at her relatively small college, she had been in this room several times. The small school wasn’t known for its sports, but Anna had recently made a few friends on the volleyball team and had since been coming out frequently to sit in the stands and cheer them on.

Tonight though, the arena looked very different, as graduation time had come. Sitting in the small folding chair that had been reserved for her on the arena floor, she said hello to one of those new friends, Kate, who was seated next to her. As the audience filled in to the arena, they chatted idly, reminiscing about their experiences over the last four years. Anna looked up in the stands, trying to see if she could see her parents and sister. They had traveled a long way to see her graduate and she had spent the last day since they had arrived eagerly catching up with them about her final semester and showing them all around the campus.

In just a couple days, Anna would be flying home with them, and was admittedly nervous about what the future held. Where would she end up living? Would she able to find the type of job that she wanted? Would she be able to maintain the friendships she had forged over such a great distance?

As the ceremony got closer to starting time, Anna did her best to shake these thoughts from her head. She just wanted to focus on tonight. Despite her general introversion, Anna was really happy with the new group of friends that she had found over the past year, and was eager to have one last great night of memories with them. Following the ceremony, one of the girl’s parents had rented out a posh limousine that would be taking them to a nearby restaurant, where a private room containing delicious food and all the alcohol they could drink would await them.

###

An hour later, Anna wished the ceremony would move along a bit faster. The speakers had unfortunately been a bit long winded, and honestly, she was much more looking forward to the after party. Quietly exhaling from boredom, she crossed her toned legs under her long blue graduation gown. She also wished this ceremony would hurry up because she kinda had to pee. The water she had consumed on the way over in an effort to hydrate before her big night out tonight was making itself known. It wasn’t really urgent, but the speakers were not doing a very good job of distracting her.

A half an hour later, the speeches had finally wrapped up, and the process of each graduate walking up on stage to shake the Dean’s hand and receive their diploma had begun. When it was her turn, Anna didn’t waste any time briskly walking up, shaking hands, giving a smile and wave to the crowd, and then returning to her seat and tightly crossing her legs. Over the past 20 minutes, her need had really began to grow, and she was feeling relieved that her class was small and she’d be on her way to a toilet in just a few short minutes.

Of course, nothing ever seems to move along as quickly as you would hope in such situations, and things seemed to take an annoyingly long time to wrap up. Eager to get going, Anna had found herself squeezing her crossed thighs together and bouncing on her a seat a bit in, both out of excitement to be done with the ceremony and also out of excitement to get to a bathroom.

After the Dean finally thanked everyone for coming, Anna quickly stood up and looked around the room, another pang from her full bladder reminding her to immediately plot a course for the nearest bathroom. As she was making her escape plan, she heard Kate behind her start speaking quietly. “Dude, I have to pee so bad, that really didn’t need to be that long”

“Oh my God” Anna responded with a smile, feeling a bit better that she wasn’t the only one in this predicament. “Me too, I was not prepared to be sitting here for two hours”

It took a few minutes for the crowd to spill out of the arena back in to the hallways, and immediately the scene was complete chaos as all of the graduates tried to reunite with their families. Anna craned her neck to look down the hallway toward the large illuminated bathroom signs in the arena and of course a huge line had already formed.

“This is crazy” Kate said next to her “I’m just going to head to the locker room”

Anna also needed to head the locker room. She had picked out a cute outfit to wear to the party tonight, and needed to change in to it before heading out to the limo.

Unlike Kate, who as a member of the volleyball team had her own locker in which her clothes were stashed, Anna’s parents were holding on her to bag for her, so she needed to find them before going to change. She informed Kate of this, and told her she would catch up.

Wading back through the crowd, Anna eventually found her family and admittedly rushed through the congratulatory hugs a bit, taking her bag and quickly maneuvering her way toward the locker room.

Ducking in to the locker room, Anna was surprised to find that quite a lot of girls apparently had the same idea, and were laughing and joking as they changed out of their gowns and in to outfits more suitable for the night ahead. Feeling a bit shy about changing in front of everyone, and also quite eager to relieve her bladder at this point, Anna made her way toward the back of the locker room. She had never been in here before, and found a single door, labeled restrooms, which presumably lead to more stalls, she grabbed the handle, locked.

Squeezing her thighs together, she let out a frustrated sigh. It made sense, there was no game going on, it was a bit surprising that the locker room was even open at all, but of course the bathrooms just had to have been left closed, probably because the stadium staff didn’t want to have to clean them at the end of the night. Understandable, but of course just when Anna was REALLY starting to NEED to pee and had been REALLY looking forward to a much needed bathroom break.

Moving on, Anna set her gym bag down on a bench in the quiet part of the locker room. She pulled off her gown, revealing the pair of sweat pants and the t-shirt she had been wearing underneath. She pulled those off as well, stripping all the way down to her bra and panties.

Something about undressing seemed to really trigger her bladder, and Anna felt a sudden intense wave of urgency. Hoping no one was paying attention to her, she couldn’t help but pace around a bit in her underwear, frequently stomping her foot on the ground and crossing one leg over the other back and fourth and back and fourth as she tried to focus on unpacking her outfit.

Trying to think about anything other than the ocean of pee begging to be let out behind her tight thin pair of panties, Anna took a breath as she lifted her leg and began to pull a pair of stockings on over each of her legs. As she slid her second foot in, she slipped a bit and in the process of catching herself nearly let out a leak. Steadying herself against the lockers with her left hand, she quickly grabbed herself with her right. Pressing firmly against her distressed womanhood through her stockings and panties just long enough to be sure she had control.

Taking another deep breath, she got dressed as a quickly as she could, able to stand still again with the support of her leggings. She put on a cute collared blouse that showed just the sexiest part of her neck, and over it a long, red, form fitting dress. She took a quick look at herself in one of the mirrors, it really was the perfect outfit for the occasion, other than the fact that she currently looked just the slightest bit bloated from all the liquid that was trapped in her belly. Not wasting much time admiring her fashion sense, Anna stuffed her graduation cap and gown back in to her bag, zipped it up, and hurried out of the locker room back toward the arena’s toilets.

*003*2024-03-22 20:51

Bit of an interlude chapter here, rest should be coming soon!

###

Anna was once again weaving through the packed halls of her college’s sports arena, trying to get back to her family and, more importantly, the bathroom. Now wearing her cute celebratory outfit, she noticed she was attracting a lot more attention as she squeezed through the crowd than she had been when she was wearing her graduation cap and gown.

She turned the corner and could just see the symbol for the ladies room in the distance when she was suddenly intercepted.

“Anna!” her mom exclaimed.

Well, at least she had found her family, she was just about to hand her bag to them and excuse herself off to the bathroom when she noticed they weren’t alone. Just behind her mother, she saw a familiar face, Professor Jackson. She had taken multiple classes with him over the last four years and they had become quite close, she was happy to see he had apparently found her parents and that they were hitting it off, and after over an hour of boredom and frustration, she finally found something to distract her from increasingly urgent need to get herself over a toilet.

They chatted happily, Anna’s crossed legs and occasional glances at the dwindling line for the ladies room going completely unnoticed to anyone as she pushed her urge to the back of her mind and focused on celebrating her final moments of college as she had promised herself she would do when the ceremony first began.

About 10 minutes or so went by, and the conversation had just seemed to be wrapping up when Anna felt a tap on her shoulder. She turned around to see the smiling face of her friend Zach. She had met him a few months ago through some of her new friends. And while she was hesitant to get caught up in anything serious for obvious reasons, they had hit it off and she had grown quite fond of him. Following some brief introductions and pleasantries between Zach and the family, he turned back to Anna.

“Are you ready to head out?” he asked “The limo is supposed to be leaving in a few minutes.”

She glanced back over at the ladies room line, her bladder immediately reminding her of its presence at the thought of getting in to a car in this state. The line had gone down significantly for sure, but it will still snaking down the hallway, she suspected a lot of her classmates were using it to change, unaware that the locker room was even an option.

She bit her lip in contemplation, just for a brief moment, as a million thoughts ran through her head.

“Yep, let’s go!” She responded with a smile. She reasoned that the restaurant was only about a 10 minute drive away, she’d be on a toilet in 20 minutes at most. She could hold it that long. It would take her at least 10 minutes to use the bathroom here anyway and she was a bit embarrassed at the thought of asking Zach to wait for her or even worse, holding up the group.

She said her goodbyes, and, taking one last longing look at the pink ladies room symbol, followed Zach out in to the parking lot.

*007*2024-03-30 14:41

Deciding to release another shorter chapter, but I nearly have this finished.

###

Anna pressed her head against the tinted window of the limousine, watching as a flood of people existed the arena in to the parking lot, increasingly fixated on her desire to release a flood of her own.

When she had followed Zach out the front doors, she had to pee, no, she had to pee BADLY, as badly as she had in quite a long time, but despite the tautness of the hot liquid in her bladder and the pressure on her urethra, she had been confident she had things under control. She had definitely been planning on running to the ladies room as soon as they arrived at the restaurant, but that would be fine, in fact, she probably wouldn’t even be the only one, but her bladder had always proved to be quite reliable in the past, and she hadn’t been overly concerned about grinning and bearing it through a few more moments of discomfort.

Now, having been sat in her car seat without moving for nearly 15 minutes, she was growing increasingly concerned about her bladder. Under her long, tight dress, she was constantly pumping her thighs together, desperately trying to hold back the flood that felt as though it was just inches from her panties.

She stared intently out in to the crowd… where the fuck where they?

While she and Zach, and a few others from the group, had been on time getting to the limo, the girl whose father had rented it, Kara, was nowhere to be found, and the driver obviously wasn’t going to leave without her. Anna was grateful that Kara was providing such a great night for them, but couldn’t help but be extremely irritated with her at the moment, knowing she was probably joyfully socializing somewhere blissfully ignorant to the fact that Anna was sitting here in pain, squirming around in the limo, listening to the guy she liked talk to the other people in the car, unable to participate because she was distracted by a bursting full bladder, silently begging her to hurry the hell up so she could get to the restaurant and finally PEE!

Anna was absolutely frantic now, with Zach facing away from her, she was leaning forward in her seat, her legs no longer subtly pressing together, instead her right knee was no constantly flying out to her side then coming back, loudly slamming repeatedly against her left leg, her heel slamming pumping in to the floor of the car, quiet gasps of agony and impatience escaping her lips every few moments.

Fuck this, she thought, this was absolutely ridiculous. She was going to piss herself if she sat here any longer.

“Zach” she said, tapping him on the shoulder. “ZACH!” she said loudly interrupting his conversation.

He turned to look back at her “Let me out, I’m going to run back in and use the bathroom real quick”

“Oh” he replied “Well let me call Kara and see where she is, she should be here by now”

Anna whined internally. Damn it, he just did not understand. She wasn’t just going to freshen up to pass the time, she HAD to get to bathroom, as quickly as possible, she needed to run inside and get to the toilet and hope there wasn’t still a line or she was going to pee dancing in her cute outfit in front of whoever was left mingling in there. Anna was typically very shy about talking about anything related to going to the bathroom, especially to a cute boy she was romancing, but these were desperate times. She could feel herself starting to sweat.

“Zach” she started again “Let me out, I have to run in and use the bathroom itskindanaemergency”

He looked down at her still fanning legs, and after a moment of contemplation, finally understood.

“Ohh-h okay” he stammered, before moving to the side, allowing her to exit the car.

*008*2024-03-31 16:30

Final Chapter:

###

Outside the limo, the scene was quite chaotic as all Anna’s fellow graduates and their families were making their way to their cars and saying goodbyes.

Anna however, was laser focused on only one thing, the arena entrance. Thankfully the limo had not been parked too far from it, and she immediately set off at a brisk but somewhat hobbled pace. Being able to walk, and more specifically being able to walk toward a bathroom, had calmed her down a bit, but she was still very aware of her desperately full tank. The liquid that had been accumulating inside her body for hours was pushing so hard against the walls of her poor bladder that it hurt. Like anyone, she had had some bursting moments but could not remember ever having to pee this bad. She exhaled as the front door got closer and closer, the lines had to have died down by now, she consoled herself, she felt like she’d been sitting in that car so long that there must have been time for everyone in the whole arena to pee.

“Anna!” … “ANNA!”

She almost didn’t even notice her name being called, such was her level of focus, but, intercepted on her way to the bathroom for the second time, she turned and saw the two people she had so desperately been waiting for, Kara and Kate.

“Sorry for taking forever” Kara started “That bathroom line is horrendous, seems like all the girls decided to change their outfits in the stalls… are you ready to go?”

Anna felt her heart drop a bit as she stopped and pressed her legs tightly together. The urge coming back full force as she attempted to stand still. “Oh… erm… yeah… but actually, I was just on my way to go to the bathroom myself real quick before the drive…”

“Oh” Kara responded, looking thoughtfully back toward the arena for a moment “Well can you just hold it until we get there? It’s not far and the line is so long anyway… and we only have 15 minutes until our reservation.”

“NO.” Anna thought to herself immediately, her mind racing. “I absolutely have to head straight to the nearest bathroom no matter what! This is an emergency! I’ve been hanging on all night! I feel like I’m going to explode! I have to pee I have to pee I have to PEEEE!!”

Anna gasped a little bit as Kara waited for an answer for a brief moment. Her body was screaming her, telling her to swallow her pride, to admit to her cool new friend that she was having a total bathroom emergency, to continue her rush back in to the arena. She pictured the inside of the ladies room, lined with girls holding gym bags full of cute outfits, she could probably ask one of them if she could just pop in to the stall oh so quickly, as her ride was leaving and she just needed a quick pee, surely they would understand…

“Yeah it’s not far at all” Kate chimed in, interrupting her fantasy. “Is everyone else already in the car?”

“Yes.” Anna answered quietly, although it wasn’t quite clear if her answer was to Kara’s question as well or just Kate’s.

“Yeah I can wait” she continued, despite the pleas from her body. It made sense, realistically it would probably take just as long to go here, she reconciled, before turning and following Kara and Kate back toward the limo.

Unfortunately for Anna, the chaos in the parking lot wasn’t just limited to foot traffic, and even though the limo got moving immediately as they got inside, it was absolutely crawling out of the lot, constantly having to stop to let other people or cars pass. Anna wasn’t able to see out the front windshield, so as she had been doing before, she was pressing her head against the window, trying to see what was going on out there, trying to calculate how much longer it would be before she could get herself over a toilet and finally put an end to this ordeal.


Over the next few minutes, Anna was focused on nothing but the battle going on under her cute stockings and panties, her perfect slit was constantly trembling with the effort of holding everything back. She was glad she was at least wearing layers as she could feel herself sweating profusely under her clothes. Unable to even dream of holding a conversation in this state, the laughter and conversation going on in the car was just background noise to her. She was sure her discomfort was obvious to her friends, but at this point she didn’t care.

She was in too much pain to feel embarrassed, and was trying to resist the feelings of anger and frustration she was feeling toward them. Why had Zach rushed her out? Why had Kate and Kara taken so long? Why did they get to go and she didn’t? Why didn’t all those stupid girls hogging the bathroom know they could have just gotten changed in the locker room? It wasn’t fair, what had she done to deserve this? Why her? Why tonight? “Ohhhh Goddd”, she thought, “I just need to get to a toilet, please God PLEASE, I’ll do anything”.

As trapped in her own head as she was, Anna’s plight certainly was clear to everyone else in the car, although no one was acknowledging it. She sat hunched over, the perfect pale skin on her face burning red, he legs slammed together and bouncing up and down, and her hands holding the hem of her dress in an absolute death grip.

Her panic was so great that as the limo finally approached the final turn out on the main road, she was seriously considering getting out, rushing back to the arena and getting herself to the bathroom. She could probably ask her parents to drop her off at the restaurant, she obviously wasn’t going to be enjoying this posh limo ride anyway.

But just as she seriously considered it, the traffic loosened enough for the limo to turn out on the main road, and Anna knew she was locked in. Locked in for the most painful 10 minute drive of her life.

Thankfully the traffic on the main roads was not too bad, and Anna felt hope as the limo sped down the road toward the restaurant. Her pee was trying to force itself out of her in waves. Overwhelming urges rocking her body every few moments. She couldn’t help but quietly wine to herself a few times as she used every last ounce of her willpower to keep her tiny little peehole shut. She had never had to go this bad in her life. She felt like she couldn’t think, couldn’t breathe, couldn’t move.

Mercifully, the ride was otherwise uneventful, and the limo suddenly slowed and pulled in the parking lot of the restaurant. Sitting near the door now, Anna was the first one out of the car. As she stood, she felt just a few little drops of burning hot pee escape out of her, jostled past her control by the change of position. Bent over she closed her eyes and focused everything she had on getting herself under control, before looking up toward her salvation.

Clearly her group was not the only one with this idea, and there was a line of people stretched outside the restaurant leading up to the main doors, where a host stood behind a podium. Before she had time to even fully process this, Kara, fully aware of her predicament and sensing her panic, spoke up next to her.

“We shouldn’t have to wait in line since we have the private room booked” She said gently, trying to calm Anna down. “Let’s go talk to the host”

Staring at the ground in embarrassment, Anna straggled along behind her friends, hunched over with her arms folded across her chest, feeling as though she may vomit in desperation. She stayed behind the group as Kara talked to the host for a bit, before turning around. This was it, she had it all planned out, she was ready to run straight to the toilet, she’d figure out where everyone else was afterward, nothing else on the planet mattered to her right now except getting in to a stall and getting out of this dress.

“He said the group that had the room before us is just paying their bill now, we should be ready to go in just a few minutes” Kara explained, glancing at Anna apprehensively.

“Oh God” Anna muttered at the news “Oh God oh God oh my God!”

Hearing this, her bladder unleashed a massive surge, a wave of urgency greater than Anna ever thought possible, he entire body seemed to contract as with all the eyes of her friend group on her a massive jet of urine exploded out of her tightly clenched pussy. She felt it immediately blast through her panties and in to her tights, a stray dribble running down her leg as a tear ran down her cheek.

She ran past Kara and went straight to the host. “Imsorry can I please just use the restroom?” She begged, her face turning beet red with the knowledge that all her friends and everyone in line were now watching her beg this young host to allow her to use the toilet she so desperately needed.

“Um… it’ll just be another minute ma'am, I’m really supposed to keep everyone out here until they’re ready to be seated”

“Oh please” she whined, stepping back and fourth wildly “Please please please, it’s an absolute emergency or I swear I wouldn’t ask, I’ll come right back out here and wait, I really absolutely can not hold it”

“Um… I’m not sure if I’m supposed to” the host stammered, before Zach cut him off.

“Come on man, clearly she genuinely needs to go, what could the harm possibly be?”

“Yeah I’m… just… new here, I’m sure it’s fine, let me just go grab someone real quick, I will be right back”

Anna was bawling now, feeling like she might pass out from the pain and embarrassment. Zach put a hand on her back, trying to be comforting. “I’ve already wet myself a little bit…” she cried quietly.

Now Kate stepped up to try and help her friend, “Come on girl” she said “Fuck this, let’s get you to a bathroom”

She led a staggering Anna forward, but just as they approached the door, it opened and several people started exiting the restaurant, blocking the way, forcing Anna to stand still and wait as they passed by, all laughing and chatting, clearly having just had a great time.

As she waited for this last obstacle to clear, Anna stood still, trembling, holding her breath, her jaw clenched, when suddenly, she felt her tortured, exhausted vagina go completely numb, and another surge rocked her body. “NO NO NO” she thought. But there was nothing she could do, her body had finally lost the battle. Instantly, a thick, ropey jet of pee shot out of her with such force that it went straight through her panties and tights, warmly spraying against her inner thigh like a hose, then ricocheting off and on to the back of her dress. The world seemed to stand still for a moment, everything quiet, until the pattering started, then the gasps, then the “Oh my God”s, then the whispering.

Her accident seemed to go on and on, the warmth spreading through her tights, the jet of pee continuing to run down the back of her dress and splatter on to the ground, the soft sobbing of defeat after such a long, agonizing battle.

Anna couldn’t believe it, never in her life had she felt so embarrassed and defeated. Her friends tried to console her, the host apologized profusely, the other restaurant goers averted their gazes as they passed by. She ultimately had to call her family to come pick her up in their rental car, the smell of pee instantly filling the small cabin as she sat down on some towels, a poor recent graduate staring at the floor between her feet for the duration of the ride back to her apartment.

