Your top 5 favourite Omo Stories ever

Author: WetFairy

*000*2025-07-03 23:10

Hi guys,

I saw that someone did a post like this a few years ago and i wanted to do it again because there are so many good stories out there and i always think this is the best way to learn about them. So, please share your top 5 posts that are present on this site currently and let us know why they are ur fave.

My top 5:

1) The Golden Ratio

By @Noot

- as a queer woman on here, this story really caught my attention cuz it has pee and poop desperation, great story and prose and holy it's so good. It's a shame noot will never finish it but it's like a game of thrones; worth reading for the journey alone

2) I Think My Boss Needs To Pee

By @knockonthedoor

- this masterpiece about discovering an omo fetish is insanely well written and such a wild ride. if u like office settings, queer women and milfs, this is for u. It's too bad this author is no longer active because they were writing a good rewrite of it here

3) Equilibrium

By @Flush

- i love when real writers write. This story is unpredictable and unconventional for this site and it's even still going!

4) The Last Year Before They Grew Up

By @Caraxes

- holy shit it's long but it's a completed story spanning a full school year of a group of girls in their last year of uni. Some of it makes you horny, some makes u sad and some just sucks but it's worth reading the whole thing

5) The Ultrasound

By @tedted

- this audio story is perfection. tedted should be knighted for his work

Anyways those are mine! I want to see urs!

$$

