Making Him Wet After Work (m/f)

Author: WettingFrog

*000*2022-06-15 02:14

It had gotten later than Barry realized as he pressed his thighs together, saving his work for the day. He looked at his empty mug and the half empty glass of water next to it, mentally going through just how much he’d actually had to drink. Reaching down to give himself a brief squeeze, he rose from his desk and left his small office off the living room, fully intending to go to the bathroom.

His girlfriend Marie, who was watching him like a hawk the second the office door opened, had other plans. “Was wondering when you’d need a bathroom break,” she teased, getting up from the couch. She stood several inches taller than him, something she adored using to her advantage.

He licked his lips as she moved closer, his beard wiry under his tongue. “I lost track of time, I probably should’ve gone earlier.” He pressed his thighs together again, but it didn’t help nearly as much while standing. He found himself grabbing at his cock, the need strong.

In just two more strides, Marie was behind him, wrapping her arms around him, knocking his hand away. “So forgetful…”

“Mmfh, Marie…” His voice pitched up as fingers trailed over his stomach, her arms now holding him in place.

“Be a good boy for me, Barry.” Barry could hear the smirk in her voice, feel her pressed up against his back as her hand pushed the front of his sweatpants down, just below his now half hard cock.

”Don’t… I have to pee, please.” It was almost a gasp, his body involuntary bending forward slightly, but a hand on his chest had him standing upright.

”Should’ve thought about that before your third cup of coffee, hm?” Marie ducked her head down to kiss his neck, her long hair brushing against his skin. “Now you’re gonna get the floor all wet.”

Barry whined her name again, licking his lips as fingertips teased the head of his cock through his boxers. “I’m gonna wet my pants…” He knew he could break her hold on him easily if he wanted to, but… he didn’t. It wouldn’t be the first time she’d made him wet himself.

”That’s the idea.” She drew a gasp from him as she dipped her fingers under the waistband of his boxers, wrapping a hand around his cock and giggling when he leaked.

”Come on now, Barry. Hold it like a good boy.”

That had his cock twitching, almost fully hard. “I’m your good boy,” he said softly, biting his lip. “I’ll hold it.”

“Good.” Marie began to slowly slide her hand up and down his shaft, her other hand splaying over his slightly bulging bladder. Her fingertips teased along the strip of dark hair, her palm putting slow, deliberate pressure.

Barry’s head pressed back against her shoulder, breaths hitching as he was caught between his need to pee and the now present need to cum. It wasn’t the first time he’d been caught here, Marie teasing him as he desperately had to go. Hell, their positions had been swapped almost as often.

He let out a low moan, hips jerking forward as he reached back to hold her hips, just trying to ground himself. “Fuck, so good…”

“Look at you, I bet you’ll be soaking yourself the second you cum.” Her breath was hot against his neck, hand pressing down more firmly against his bladder. “You make such pretty sounds like this. You won’t hold out much longer, will you?”

He shook his head as her hand moved faster, already feeling the heat in his gut. “I’m not… can’t hold it…”

Her thumb teased the head of his cock, which was leaking precum. “Fuck, I love seeing you like this.” Her voice was low, and he had no doubt she was as turned on as he was. He only wished he could see her expression.

Marie gave a low hum, feeling every little movement as Barry shifted in her hold. He shuddered, legs going weak as she kept at it, pushing him closer and closer to the edge. “Marie, oh fuck, I can’t-“

He came hard, stars behind his eyelids as she squeezed his cock and let her teeth graze against his neck. “Look at that,” she murmured, his cum streaking her fist.

Hardly another moment passed, Marie’s hand pressing firmer against his bladder, and he was unable to hold anymore. With a long moan, he was peeing, leaning most of his weight back against her as she kept stroking him, her chin tucked against his shoulder. Barry was breathless, releasing his bladder intense as she touched him. “M…Marie,” he moaned, licking his lips.

“Good boy, Barry.” She watched the puddle at his feet grow, unable to keep herself from grinning. “You had to go so bad, didn’t you? Maybe I’ll have to start reminding you to go during the day.”

He gave a breathless laugh, looking down at the stream still coming out of him. “…I think I’d be okay if you don’t.”

That drew a soft giggle from her, her hand stilling as his stream began to slow. She lifted her hand to his mouth, feeling his face warm with a blush as he began to lick his own cum off her hand. It certainly wasn’t the first time they’d done this, and she knew it wouldn’t be the last. “Fuck, as hot as that is, it’s time for the worst part.”

Barry looked down at the puddle on the floor and his soaked boxers and sweatpants, which had been caught in the crossfire. “…cleanup. I’ll go get the towels.”

As Marie released him from her hold, he tried to hide his blush as he stepped around his own puddle and pulled up his wet pants. Cleanup wasn’t the fun part, but fuck, it was so worth it.

