A teacher and a cheater

Author: wether

*000*2023-06-21 17:25

A teacher and a cheater

This is the first fictional desperation story I've ever written. I started it a month or two before the covid lockdown. Lately I found out it was almost ready, so I decided to finish and publish. I hope you like it. Sorry if something is not grammarly correct, as English is not my primary language.

The story is inspired by the real events, but the desperation thread is a fiction.

–––––

It was a cold winter afternoon, the end of February. I was sitting in my office, a little bored. The consultation hours we about to end, and no student has come yet. I was wondering why. There were few students who haven't shown me their projects, and this was the last time when they could do it.

I took a look at my watch. Last minute. I took a deep breath and then I heard some very fast steps in the corridor. From the sound of the steps I thought it must have been a female. And then she stopped and knocked my door. "Come in" I said, and she entered. It was only few seconds before the deadline! (I think now I must explain the rules. I can work with students after the consultation hours are finished, but the must come in time. Therefore, if she came ten seconds later, I would not invite her inside, and she would not get the credit).

– Good afternoon, professor – she said. – May I show you my project?

– Yes, of course – I answered. – I've been waiting for you since our last classes in January. Why didn't you come earlier? Do you like the risk?

– I'm sorry, sir – she answered. She looked as if she wanted to add something, but she didn't.

– Please sit down and unpack your things in the second room – I said and showed her the doors. (My office room at the university is not large, so there's not enough place to unpack students' things. That's why I use the neighbouring laboratory room to work with students). She moved towards the door and reached out for the handle, but she stopped and hesitated.

– Excuse me sir – she said quietly as if she didn't know what to say, or as if she was too ashamed to ask. May I go to the toilet first?

– I'm afraid not – I answered.

– But... – she seemed surprised and disappointed

– But what? – I asked – You know the rules. You came just before the end of the consultation hours and now we can work together as long as necessary. But if you leave now, my doors will already be locked. I hope you know what it means for you as a student.

She nodded and went to the second room. She unpacked her things and came back to say she was ready.

I went with her to the second room and we sat down at the desk looking at her laptop. She started to talk about her project. Listening to her, I found out that the temperature in the second room is lower than in my office and was starting to get cold.

– It's cold here – I said. – It think we'd better drink some hot tea. Would you like some?

She hesitated for a moment. I knew why. When she came, she already needed to pee, and there was still much time to spend during the presentation. And if she drank the tea, she would need to pee even more, and she would become desperate even faster. Will she be able to hold it for so long? Will she be able to concentrate on the presentation despite her full bladder? Will she be able to hide her growing need? But on the other hand, it was so nice that the was offered a hot drink. She froze outside and she just wanted it. Maybe, if she had enough time to use the toilet before she came, she would buy herself a cup of tea in the machine. But she didn't have enough time, and she didn't have enough capacity left in her bladder. She wanted to refuse, but she was afraid I wouldn't like it.

– Yes, please. That's very nice of you – she said.

I prepared two cups of tea and I placed them on the desk. I was discretely observing her. She was dressed not very elegant. She had a usual loose flannel shirt and black jeans. Definitely not my favourite women’s dress. From a distance she might look as a man, not a woman. Only her hair were dressed in a women’s way. She was sitting quiet, browsing her presentation on the laptop, as if she wanted to recall some important information she should say during presentation. She didn't reveal any signs of her need yet. But I knew it would change soon. Maybe even sooner than she expected.

The smell of the tea made the room much more nice than before. She continued with her presentation. She already described the idea and started to talk about her solution. A diagram appeared on the screen and she only said “this is the diagram of my solution” and switched to the next slide. This called my attention.

– Could you please go back to the diagram? – I asked. She was a bit surprised with that, but anyway she did as I told her. – Please describe the fragments of your solution with more detail – I added.

– This is the power supply – she said with some hesitation – this is the microprocessor, the memory – she added showing some elements on the diagram.

– And what is this? – I asked, pointing to the element she hasn’t mentioned yet.

She didn’t say a word.

– What is this? – I repeated, but again she was quiet.

I reached out for my cup of tea and began to drink it slowly.

– Don’t you know what circuit it is? – I asked again, with more aggressive and more impatient voice.

– I forgot, sorry… – she said quietly.

– Don’t tell me you forgot – I went to my office and took the circuit I made as my own master project – Do you see? I’ve made this circuit 20 years ago, but I still remember the function of each part. You are much younger than me, your work is much simpler than mine, so I don’t believe you forgot.

I looked at her. She was sitting crouched, with one leg on another, with palms between her thighs. Was it already a sign of desperation, or was she too ashamed she could not explain me the details of her project?

– OK – I said – if you need more time to remind yourself, you can. We have plenty of time – I stood up – Drink your tea while it’s still warm. It will make you think better.

I came back to my office and sat behind the desk. Indeed, I had plenty of time. But I was pretty sure she didn’t have so much time. I was reading some e-mail when she knocked at the door from the second room and shyly looked at me.

– Excuse me, professor – she said softly and quietly – may I go to the toilet?

– No – I said, still looking at my PC monitor – Not before you tell me about the circuit.

– But I have to – she said even more quietly – I…. I have to… pee… – she whispered.

I finished reading the e–mails, looked at her and said:

– Your presentation is not finished yet. Breaking the presentation because you need to pee is rude, and very, I say very, unprofessional. Additionally, you are not well prepared to the presentation. I’m starting to think you are not the only author of the project. Maybe you are not the author of the project at all. Am I right?

She didn’t say a word.

– Am I right? – I asked again, with more emphasize. She looked down, as if at her shoes. But there was still no answer.

– Have you made the project yourself?

– No…. a friend helped me a little… – she almost whispered after some hesitation. She knew that being caught at cheating might have some serious consequences for her.

– A friend helped you a little – I said slowly – Or maybe he made the entire project, but forgot to teach you all the details?

– No, I just…

– Do you know – I continued – what consequences it may have for you if I inform the Dean’s office you tried to cheat?

With my every word she looked more and more collapsed in herself. Saying she didn’t stand upright is like saying nothing. She was more and more bent over. Her hands finally found their way to between her thighs.

– Please… – she whispered – I’m so nervous I have to pee… I can’t hold it much longer… please let me go to the toilet…

– You can’t leave the room until you tell me about this circuit.

– But… if I don’t go now, I’ll pee my pants… I have to pee like I never had before…

– You can’t go to the toilet, because you might get some help when I don’t see you.

– Please, I’m begging you… I’ll pee myself soon… my bladder is so full it hurts…

And then I had an idea.

– Unbutton your pants – I said. She looked at me, surprised, but with some hesitation she did as I ordered. – Lay on the desk – I added.

She sat on the desk and then laid down. I raised up her shirt a little. She had a slim, flat belly. I started to caress her belly delicately. I think she was a little relaxed but her legs were tightly squeezed. I slid my hand under her pants and delicately massaged her lower belly. I felt her bladder, hard and full of pee. When I first touched her there, she became a little nervous, but my touch was delicate so she relaxed. Suddenly I pressed strong on her bladder and asked:

– Who helped you with the project?

– Please don’t! – she screamed and raised to a sitting position, her hands immediately found their way between her legs – I almost peed myself… – her hands were buried deeply in her crotch – please let me go to the toilet… I promise I will be a good and honest student… I will make the project again… I will tell you every detail but please let me pee or I will pee myself… it hurts so much… please don’t press again…

– But you are a grown up woman, and you should be able control your body – I said – You should also know that cheating is prohibited.

– I know, professor, but now please let me go… I can’t hold it any more… I’m almost peeing in my panties…

She was trembling, maybe because she was so nervous, maybe because her need was indeed so strong.

– I can’t let you go with lowered pants – I said – I can’t go with you to the ladies’ room and you can’t go to the mens’ room. You have to pee here.

– But where? – she asked with some surprise, but also with some hope in her voice.

– In the sink.

– I can’t, please let me go to the toilet…

– No. I already explained you why you are not allowed to leave this room.

She was still sitting on the desk, with legs tightly pressed together and hands holding her pussy. I approached closely to her. She was so helpless and defenceless, she was close to crying. On one hand I felt sorry for her, poor thing, but on the other hand I could not show any weakness and she needed to be punished for cheating me. I embraced her and lifted up.

– Please let me go – she whispered – I’m almost peeing myself… it’s so embarrassing… I’m ashamed I cheated… now I understand what I did… I’m bursting… I need to pee…

I sat her at the edge of the sink. She was now half sitting, half standing, with pants lowered to mid-thighs and hands holding tight her pussy. I slowly took her hands away and slipped her cheap panties down a little. However her thighs were pressed together so strongly that the crotch part of the panties remained in place. I put my hands under her naked buttocks and lifted so that her pussy was over the sink. She was still repeating quietly something like “I can’t hold it… I can’t hold it…”

– Pee – I ordered.

She was looking down, still repeating her mantra. I put my finger under her chin and lifted her face up. She looked at me. I looked deeply in her eyes and repeated: Pee! She was still saying “I can’t hold it…” but then it changed to “I can’t pee… I can’t pee…”

And then it happened. I heard a drop falling down to the sink. And another one. And another. And the series of drops. And finally the dam opened and a strong stream hit the sink. Finally. She was peeing. But with what force! She must have been really, really bursting to go. After what seemed to be an eternity, the stream slowed down, turned into trickle and finally stopped. She had her eyes closed and sighed with relief.

I stopped to hold her. She slid off the sink to a standing position. She held the sink with her hands as if not to fall down. She didn’t care she was standing in front of me, her teacher, with panties down.

– Put on the panties – I said – Button the pants – she did as I told.

– Now listen – I added – I will give you a second chance. You will make the project once again, but this time, you will come here regularly to show your progress. You will build the circuit here. I want to see you soldering the circuits. You understand? I need to be sure you are learned well to build the hardware projects by yourself.

– Yes… – she nodded, looking down again.

– But I will not report you to the Dean about your cheating. This, as well as what happened here, will become the secret between you and me. Understand? If you tell someone what happened, I will tell the Dean you are the cheater.

She nodded again.

– Now you may go – I said – See you next week.

She slowly packed her things and approached the doors. She looked at me as if to say something but only said “Thank you, goodbye”.

– Good bye – I answered.

I wondered what she was thinking. I’m sure she was not aware that she would be taught not only to build the project by herself, but also to control her bladder and withstand an extreme desperation. But this is another story.

*002*2023-06-25 06:35

{{On 6/21/2023 at 11:38 PM, wedgeantilles said:

Great story, I liked it a lot!

}}

Thank you!

