Felicity

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2016-02-26 02:24

"I'm having an accident." Felicity said matter-of-factly.

Neither of us had said anything for the past 20 minutes so I hadn't been concentrating on her at all. Actually I'd all but forgotten that I was giving her a lift home. I was certain that I hadn't heard her correctly.

"Sorry, what did you say?" I asked and turned my head from the stationary traffic ahead to look at her.

Her pale blue eyes met and held mine. "I'm having an accident." She said calmly.

I didn't understand. In retrospect I was probably being a bit dense but I just didn't have any idea what she meant.

"What sort of accident?"

"I'm wetting my pants. Well dress I suppose." She said, correcting herself as she glanced down at her red and white patterned dress. I looked down at her lap as well. I couldn't see anything out of the ordinary.

"Oh." I said. And then realizing that that wasn't really enough of a comment I added, "Are really wetting yourself?" Inwardly I cringed. That was a strange thing to ask. Why would she say it if she wasn't?

She tilted her head a little and a fall of her long pale hair fell off her right shoulder. "No."

I wondered if this was a weird joke of hers. Felicity was an unusual woman. I didn't dislike her exactly, I'd just never been able to talk to her. I don't think many people could. Even though we'd been colleagues for a couple of years I never would have offered her a lift home. But she had asked, and we do live right near each other, so I couldn't really say no.

"Oh." I said again. "So you haven't wet yourself then?"

"No I have. But by the time you asked if I was really wetting myself I'd already finished." All this time her eyes hadn't left mine. She was always this intense. It gave me the creeps a little. Surely any other woman would be inconsolably embarrassed to have wet themselves in a workmates car. But Felicity didn't seem at all fazed. Completely serene.

"You should have said something..." I began. But she interjected as I paused to think.

"I'm not in the habit of informing people of the degree to which I need to visit the facilities. There was nothing you could have done to assist so long as we remained ensnared on this cursed bridge and since I live so close once we clear the bridge I was either going to make it to my house before I had an accident or I wouldn't. Unfortunately I didn't."

"I see." I replied. She was right of course. There wasn't really any point to announcing her desperation ahead of time. But logical doesn't always mean expected. And I would not expect someone to wet themselves in my car without me having any idea it might happen.

"I'll pay to have the seat cleaned of course. I'm very sorry for the inconvenience."

"That's OK." I reassured her. Not that she seemed like she needed reassurance.

No one said anything for what was to me an uncomfortably long time. I couldn't think of anything to say. So I just blurted out the first thing that came to my mind. "Does it happen often?" I don't know why I asked that. It was far too familiar. I braced myself for her to react unfavourably.

"I suppose that depends what you mean by often." She looked away. I was instantly sure I'd offended her. But I hadn't. "Less often than I've bought lite milk. And more often than I've bought skim milk."

I smiled at the way she chose to say that. Typical Felicity. Traffic was starting to move now so I was able to watch the road and pretend it was taking all my focus.

"Second left after we get off the bridge. Have you ever had an accident?" Both sentences were equally casual.

"I suppose it depends what you mean by an accident." I said adopting her tactics.

"Yes that's true." She admitted before asking bluntly. "Have you ever wet your pants?"

My first instinct was to lie and just say no. But I didn't. I don't really know why. "Less often than I've brought a tin of tuna. More often than I've bought a tin of snails." I said as I pulled up at a traffic light.

She smiled at that. It was the first time I'd ever seen Felicity smile. And that moment was the moment.

"I bought a tin of snails once." She said seriously. "They were... retrograde to my desires."

I laughed. Then she laughed, a light and charming tinkling. And before I knew it we were out the front of her house.

"I'd invite you in but I find myself in desperate need of a shower." She said as she got out of my car, revealing the soaked car seat that confirmed she most definitely wasn't joking earlier. "But we should do this again. Carpooling is good for the environment. I'll pick you up Monday morning at 8. I promise I'll use the facilities first." And without waiting for me to reply she walked up her garden path to her front door without any concern that the drenched seat of her dress was clearly visible to not just me, but also anyone else in the street.

I'd known Felicity, the weirdly intense payroll officer from work, for more than two years by that stage. But even still, I consider that to be the day that I met Felicity, the quirky, beautiful woman with whom I'd spend the rest of my life.

*007*2016-02-29 02:03

Thanks so much guys! :)

I actually had no intention at all of writing anything else with Felicity. But I'm not going to say no if you guys like her so much. :)

Although I've got to say this shows how little I understand what guys like in women because I really don't like her very much myself :p

###

"Yes, of course! Also, you should get up because I'm wetting myself."

Felicity's first sentence was the response I had been hoping my marriage proposal would receive. Her second was somewhat less expected to say the very least.

Although I'd learned that Felicity has always had a little bit of a tendency toward wetting herself, this was the fourth or fifth time since we'd started dating that I knew she'd had an accident, I was quite sure that I'd seen her go to the bathroom before we'd left Pado, the fancy Modern Polish restaurant where we had just eaten dinner. The deconstructed piroshki was really... unique.

She'd tell me later that night, lying together in bed, about how she'd tried to pee at the restaurant three separate times, including as we were leaving, only to be repeatedly told that they were having plumbing problems that should be resolved in "ten minutes". Apparently she had been absolutely bursting the entire meal. I hadn't noticed a thing. Felicity never really shows much of anything openly, not in public.

Her desperate need to use the bathroom was the reason that she had said she didn't want to go to our favourite gelato place for dessert after dinner. I had been intending to propose to her there, it's where we went for our first actual date at the end of our first week of carpooling. But apparently she knew that they didn't have bathrooms there from previous visits.

Which is why I ended up just proposing to her on her doorstep. I couldn't keep carrying the ring around any longer, and I figured it was still a kind of romantic. I might possibly not be good at romance.

"I did mention that I really wanted to get inside." Felicity said calmly as I scrambled to my feet just in time to keep my knees from getting soaked by the rather impressive puddle she was making.

"I'm so, so sorry." I apologized. "I thought you were just a bit cold. I didn't realize that you needed to go to the toilet."

The waterfall beneath her little black dress was slowing to an infrequent dripping. "It doesn't matter." And then she smiled broadly, "We're engaged!"

*011*2016-03-02 05:13

A few years ago now, my best friend Felicity had her bachelorette party in the quaint country town of Litchfield.

It made sense. Felicity always hated clubing and since we all lived in tiny places in the city with either partners or housemates when Ally mentioned that her aunt has a "holiday" house out in Litchfield that she wouldn't mind us using it just seemed like a nice place to go and hang out. And drink. Hang out and drink. Like ladies.

It wasn't a big thing. Just Felicity, me, Ally, and Jenna. Flis never had many close friends. She's a bit intense and off-putting until you get to know her.

Since drinking was planned Ally suggested that we catch the train out to Litchfield. Which seemed like a pretty good idea. The train ran on one of those irregular old country lines. The kinds that run only one a day, or even every few days, and are still usually almost empty. None of us had ever caught the train to Litchfield before and didn't really know what to expect.

We were underwhelmed.

Our rusty old train from the '50 rattled and jerked its way through the drought brown countryside. We did our best to be pretty quiet about it, but we broke into the wine as soon as the train got moving. Ally didn't really approve. I think she was a bit self-conscious of the looks the other passengers were giving us.

I was the one who first realised that the train didn't actually have a toilet. I'd been putting off going for a pee because we were having a really good time. Felicity even smiled at least three or four times!

But eventually it got to the point where I was starting to get a bit uncomfortable so I set off in search of a loo. It didn't take long. Both ends of the carriage were locked. I'd assumed that one of them would open into a vestibule with a toilet. That's how the city trains usually work.

I was feeling a bit tipsy and figured that I might just be being a bit silly and missing something obvious so I caught the eye of an old lady and in a whisper asked her if she knew where the toilets were.

I think she knew that I'd been drinking and was rather unsympathetic as she snootily informed me that most of the stations have toilets but the train itself didn't. This wasn't the best news ever.

The girls were pretty unimpressed when I sat back down with them and told them the bad news.

"Fuck Gretchen... I've drunk like.. nearly a bottle of wine." Jenna said selfishly while tilting a nearly empty bottle to show the half inch of liquid left in the bottom.

"Yeah. Me too. I'm the one who just tried to go pee. Remember?" I hissed back at her.

"No more wine until Litchfield." Ally suggested firmly as she screwed the lid back on a half full bottle and put it away. "We might have been getting a little tipsy for a train anyway." She said with a meaningful look at me.

"How far is it to Litchfield anyway?" Jenna asked with a slight slur. Ally probably had a point.

Felicity looked at her watch as she put away an empty bottle. "About 35 minutes if the train is running to schedule."

Jenna said what I was thinking, "35 minutes? I don't know if I can wait 35 minutes!"

Felicity couldn't wait 35 minutes.

I hadn't paid her much attention after I'd got back from not going to the bathroom. I was too focused firstly on not wetting my pants and secondly on competing with Jenna over which one of us was more desperate than the other while Ally shushed us because people were starting to stare at us with open disapproval.

So the first time I realized that Felicity had been even more desperate than either Jenna or I was when I heard a pattering on the threadbare carpet that floored the carriage.

Maybe it was the wine but it took me a couple of seconds to register that Felicity was actually peeing herself and it wasn't just a leaking bottle or something. Even as I was looking right at the obviously soaked crotch of her pale blue jeans while she sat opposite me watching her pee run forward off the green cracked faux leather seats my brain was still looking for another explanation. Adults don't pee in their pants. I mean, I know they do sometimes. It wouldn't have been much of a surprise if Jenna had announced that she was wetting herself, she kept saying she was going to. But I just didn't expect Felicity to pee herself. Even though she'd drunk as much as me and Jenna and I was seriously worried I might end up having an accident.

Jenna tried to whisper but missed the correct volume completely and just spoke in a loud hiss, "Flis! You're peeing all over the floor! Stop!"

Ally literally leaned forward and put her hand over Jenna's mouth.

I didn't know what to say to Felicity so I just patted her on the top of her knee where she was still dry and clenched my muscles in the hope that I wouldn't be joining her in the pee-pants-club in a minute. Felicity didn't actually look upset by her accident, she was actually smiling at the horrified Ally trying to convince Jenna to just stop talking. Brave girl. I'd have been in tears.

When the train finally arrived at Litchfield ten minutes later Jenna and I basically ran off the train to be first to the ladies. I had expected Felicity to join us to change but we found her out on the platform afterward. She coolly pointed out to me that some of the other passengers might actually need to use the facilities. So she stood damply off behind a wall until the platform cleared before she cleaned herself up as best as she could in a train station ladies' room and we all made the mercifully short walk to Ally's aunt's house.

*017*2016-03-04 01:28

After a dinner of pasta sauce from a jar and badly overcooked spaghetti, Ally forgot to watch the pasta and it all but dissolved, we crammed ourselves into Ally's aunt's kitschy sitting room. It was a good thing Felicity didn't have more friends because as it was Ally and I were sitting on the floor and Jenna and Felicity were basically in each others laps on a settee that was almost an armchair. An wide assortment of china dolls stared down at us from shelves, cabinets, and hutches. I developed a theory that Ally's great Aunt had been a furniture/scary-antique-doll seller, though why Ally's aunt hadn't done anything to tidy the place up after she died was more of an unanswered question.

Jenna thought that it would be a great idea for us to start the night by playing "Never Have I Ever" for a bit. It would distract us from the scary dolls anyway.

Are you familiar with "Never Have I Ever"? Each person just has to name a thing they have never done and if anyone else has done it they need to take a sip of their drink. Preferably the "nevers" should be embarrassing. Back in college we used to play with shots of vodka, but we were a bit old for that at this point so we just drank big sips of moscato. Since it was Flis's bachelorette party the rest of us knew without discussing it that every question we asked should be targeted at making her drink.

The "Nevers" were going fairly tamely, although Felicity was drinking each time and had already had to refill her glass. I'd only had one sip, since Flis and I had both worked at McDonalds as teenagers. I decided to up the game and ask a "Never" that would bring up Felicity peeing herself a few hours earlier. I couldn't go with "I have never wet myself as an adult" without having to sip and admit to the time I peed in Dave Gooch's bed after the Halloween Ball in my first year at College, so instead I just asked a really focused "never".

"I have never..." I paused and looked at each of the girls dramatically before finishing on Felicity, "wet my pants on the way to a bachelorette party!"

Felicity rolled her eyes at me, she was very much onto our Felicity-always-drinks game, then took a big sip of her wine. So did Jenna.

"What the fuck Jen?" I asked incredulously. I think Ally said something along those lines as well. But probably with less swearing.

Jenna's face was bright red, "Why couldn't you just have asked "I have never pissed myself on a train?""

"No, no, no. You have to tell us about this." I grinned at her embarrassment. "Whose bachelorette party did you wet yourself on the way to?"

She almost squeaked her answer, "This one."

"Wait. When did you do that?" Ally was loving Jenna's embarrassment as well.

Jenna took a long drink to compose herself. "After we got off the train. It just started coming out! I couldn't help it, OK!" She'd got into the swing of her story and it poured out of her. "By the time we got to the toilets it was running down my legs so I just sat of the loo and did it."

"Through your underwear?"

She blushed again, "I put them in my bag."

Ally was scandalized. "You walked through Litchfield in a dress that short without underwear?"

"What else could I do?" Jenna shrugged and lay back against the settee.

"You could have put a new pair of knickers on when Flis was getting changed!"

"Well yeah... But not without you guys finding out I peed myself."

"We found out anyway." Ally pointed out.

"Yes... But only because Gretchen asked a weirdly specific question! What were the chances of that!"

After that the game got pretty interesting and funny. We found out that Ally once threw up on her shoes in a cinema and that Felicity is way more sexually adventurous then I would have expected.

"OK OK, last question!" Ally declared. "Sorry Flis, Jenna." She said nodding to each of them in turn and then took a little too long to focus on me. "I've been thinking. I've been thinking why you asked such a specific question about never wetting yourself on the way to a bachelorette party." She paused and looked around the room. Felicity's eyes looked a bit glassy and Jenna just seemed confused. "Why didn't you ask a broader question? To try and catch Jenna or me? Why didn't you say "I have never peed my pants on a train?" Have you ever wet yourself on a train Gretchen?"

I'd been tense as Ally monologued and felt a brief feeling of relief that she had misinterpreted my evasion. "Is that your "never" Ally?", I asked.

"It is not!" She exclaimed then cleared her throat. "I have never wet myself as an adult!" She grinned like the Cheshire Cat.

"Damn it Ally!" I finished my glass.

She was obviously proud of herself for catching me. "Spill spill."

"Dave Gooch's bed after the Halloween Ball. That one where I dressed up as the Queen of Hearts? I was still wearing the costume." I said with a sigh.

"Dave Gooch! Really?" Jenna raised her eyebrows.

"Hey I didn't have sex with him or anything." I said defensively.

"Well not after you pissed in his bed!" We all laughed at that and the girls needled me for a while longer.

"Well that's enough embarrassment for one night I think!" I said calling an end to the game. "Why don't we set up the Singstar?"

But it wasn't the end of that night's embarrassment. Not for all of us.

*019*2016-03-08 02:08

Thanks everyone for the kind comments, they mean a lot to me :)

I think this will do this particularly storyline for a while. I've got a few other things I'm working on!

###

"Gretchen!"

Jenna pulled lightly on my sleeve and dragged me out of Ally's aunt's sitting room. Felicity and Ally were mangling "Breakfast at Tiffany's". I did not mind being out of the room for a minute.

"What's up? Where are we going?" I asked.

"Bathroom. I've got something to show you." She said with a twinkle in her eye.

"I'm not too sure about that sentence Jen." I deadpanned.

"No, no. You'll love it." We were outside the bathroom door by then. "Don't freak out. Just open the door and step in. Seriously, don't freak out."

It was a very good thing Jenna warned me something was going to happen. I swear if she hadn't I'd have had a heart attack, or fainted, or something. Just as I turned on the light one of Ally's great-aunt's creepy dolls swung down from the ceiling and nearly hit me in the face. She'd chosen a particularly uncanny doll with big, blank, staring eyes and an unsettling painted smile.

"What the hell is that?" I hissed at Jenna after my stomach stopped lurching.

"Bachelorette prank." She said with a grin and she rigged the doll back up behind a light fixture. "I figure next time Felicity goes to the bathroom she's going to completely lose her shit."

"Have you met Felicity?" I reminded her. "She's probably just going to shrug and ignore it."

"Maybe..." She admitted. "But if anything can freak out Flis it'll be the world's creepiest doll flying at her in the dark."

Suppressing a shudder, I could hardly disagree with that.

###

"Oh come on. Do "Billie Jean" with me first." I wheedled.

Ally had just tried to excuse herself to the bathroom but obviously I really wanted her to wait so that Felicity would go first.

For a second I thought she was going to relent but then she clapped her hand between her legs and bent over slightly at the waist.

"When I get back." She did a little mock pee dance. "I'm about to wet my panties." I knew she didn't really need to go too badly. Ally was much to sensible to let herself get actually desperate. But she was drunk enough to pretend that she was.

I could have called out to warn her about the doll. But not without Felicity overhearing. Oh well, it was just going to have to be Ally who got scared by the doll.

A moment later she shrieked.

I arrived at the bathroom door first to find Ally standing amidst a splattery puddle.

"Who set that up! I spilled my drink everywhere!" Ally complained and waved an empty glass at me threateningly.

Jenna apologised through a gale of giggles.

"Alright. Alright. I forgive you. Just shoo." Ally brushed us back out into the hall. "I still really have to pee."

###

"I think we should put Jenna's hand in warm water." Ally announced cheerfully. "Actions have consequences and setting up that horrid doll deserves a good return prank."

I looked over at Jenna. She had fallen asleep laying on the settee. Even though Jenna was a rather short woman, the lower half of her legs dangled limply over the edge of the armrest.

"I've heard that you need to use cold water." Felicity suggested.

"I'm not sure that putting a sleeping person's hand in water does anything at all. I've never seen it work. Have you?" I asked.

"Imogen Worth said she did it to someone and they peed themselves." Ally said defensively.

"Yeah but Imogen Worth lies about a lot of stuff. Remember her job offer from Google?"

"I've never seen it work." Felicity added helpfully.

Ally seemed a bit put out. "I still think it's worth a try. We could try both warm and cold water? Make it a kind of experiment?"

Even though I was unconvinced that it would work I figured Ally deserved a chance at a bit of revenge so I agreed to get a bowl and help her.

"I don't think the warm water is doing anything." Ally said with disappointment. She was right though. Jenna's hand had been dipped in a bowl of warm water for two or three minutes now. And she definitely hadn't wet herself.

"Try the cold water." Felicity offered.

For a minute nothing much happened. I was watching the bowl to make sure Jenna didn't knock it over in her sleep when suddenly a gentle hissing noise filled the room.

I actually expected to see spreading wetness when I looked over at Jenna's legs. But of course I didn't. The paused PlayStation had just turned itself off and the TV was hissing static.

After that we dragged Jenna up to the main bedroom. Ally said she'd share with Jenna, which I was grateful for because Jenna looked like she might end up throwing up at some point. Flis and I shared the bed in the guest room.

###

I woke up already wet.

I was still pretty drunk but I instantly knew that I'd wet the bed. It took me a little while to remember where I was. Ally's aunt's house. Sharing the spare bed with Felicity. Fuck.

I never wet the bed. Except for that one time after the Halloween ball in my Queens of Hearts costume. But that was seriously the only time since I was like three years old that I ever wet the bed. Of course I'd never been as drunk as I was at the Halloween ball again until then. So it did kinda make sense. Sucky, awful sense.

My back was soaked. My bum was soaked. My legs were soaked. It was really bad. I was going to have to wake up Flis and tell her that I'd wet the bed. Fuck.

It took me a while to work up the courage. I never actually had to tell Dave Gooch I'd peed in his bed. He woke me up to let me know. He was nice about it. But I was totally embarrassed and immediately walked back to my dorm at 6 in the morning. Wearing a urine soaked Queen of Hearts dress. Awful times.

"Gretchen." Flis shook my arm gently to try and wake me. She must have assumed I must have still been asleep rather than just lying there awake in a pool of pee.

"Wake up Gretchen. I'm really sorry but I've wet the bed."

And all at once I realised she was right. My bladder was rather uncomfortably full. I couldn't possibly have wet the bed this badly and still needed to go. Which meant I was actually lying there in a pool of Flis's pee. Eww.

We did our best to clean it up and laid down enough towels to get back to sleep. In the morning went we went down to the kitchen to find Jenna and Ally groggily staring at their mugs of coffee. The look on their faces was priceless when Felicity announced as casually as if she was commenting on the weather that she'd wet our bed during the night.

Best bachelorette party ever!

