Brutalities of Math Class

Author: Wettingfan

*000*2012-10-18 02:48

It was a pretty good day at the High School. Usual workload that most students get on a daily basis, with little to no class time to finish it.

Brooke had just walked into math class, preparing for a long, foul 80 minutes of the horrid math teacher, Mrs. Barnes. Once you were in the classroom, you weren't out until the bell rang. Brooke had witnessed many people in her class suffer of being rejected to go to the bathroom, and the terrible outcome of a small yellow puddle in the chair fifteen to thirty minutes later. She had never faced such a dilemma, and never intend to, either. It was only second period of the day, but that was when everybody's morning drink usually hit them in the bladder area, except for her. Brooke had a pretty strong bladder that had never failed her except for once in an airport around a year ago.

Usually about now, Mrs. Barnes would begin the daily lecture. She could already see a guy at the front of the row ( The desks were in rows ) uncomfortable. She guessed he must be in the bathroom predicament and giggled to herself a little, unknowing that soon hers would be

100 times worse.

After a half hour of Mrs. Barnes explaining how to do the current math assignment, Brooke held a strong regret for giggling at the guy at the front of the row, now practically leaking, as she had her dilemma as well. She forgot about the two glasses of Brighty - D ( Guess the real brand ) and a bowl of cereal. She usually put extra milk into the cereal. Brooke's blond hair got in the way of her eyes, and she blew it away, looking down at her perfectly dry, clean medium blue - faded tight jeans. " Fifty more minutes.. " Brooke sighed.

She looked at the front of the row to see the desperate guy was gone, and a small puddle, still dripping onto the ground, was left. She feared that soon that'd be her. ' NO! ' She yelled in her head. ' I will NOT pee my pants like a Kindergarderner ! ' She continued thinking, her desperation slowly rising. About fifteen minutes in she was crossing, shifting jiggling her legs, and every so often let out a soft moan. It was clear to the class that she, the girl with probably the biggest bladder in the entire 10th grade, was desperate to pee. Badly. She looked away from her booklet to stare at the clock, finding only about 20 minutes had passed. 30 more to go. ' Or will I .. ' Brooke thought back to herself, moaning softly again.

Things were bad now. Brooke was dribbling. Her damp panties made her feel disgusting, and a small, marble sized wet patch was visible right below the zipper of her pants. Only 15 minutes had gone by, and she felt as if it were centuries. As if she had just gone through the entire rising and falling of the Roman Empire. Only without peeing once. A dribble had finally gotten through her cotton - white panties and blue - faded white jeans to end up on her chair. She squeaked a little bit, trying only her hardest to hold in the pent up liquids of her morning routine. But deep down, she knew she wouldn't make it.

She knew asking Mrs. Barnes to go was practically suicide, as the longer kids wasted her time, the longer she would expand the period. Once, because three kids asked to go ( and all got the " leaving the room is disrespectful " lecture ) the period lasted 100 minutes instead of 80. She hadn't had to pee once that day, until she got home. Now, she was bursting. Her urine practically begging to come out, but instead of in to a toilet, her pants. ' Oh nooo .. ' she thought, as the dark marble expanded a little bit more.

The bell finally rang! Almost seventy minutes of hell over! Brooke didn't even care about going and dropping her things off at her locker, she simply left them outside the room, and dashed in a fast, undignified order of walking, holding her crotch, and pressing her thighs tightly together.

At last, the ladies washroom, she was save- ' Wait.. CLOSED!? ' Brooke screamed in her mind. A look of no - confidence filled her face as her panties dampened. Luckily, nobody was nearby as she slowly gave in to her bladder. It slowly dripped out, drip by drip by drip into her panties.

Drippp.. Drippp..

The dribbles of urine went down her pants, expanding the wetness all around her perfect ass, beautiful thighs and perfect legs. Finally, she dropped, knees first, into her own puddle of urine. ' Strongest bladder my wet ass .. ' she thought as sad and disappointed tears formed in her green eyes.

