Anna Becomes a Mermaid

Author: wether

*000*2025-09-28 18:20

This is a story of Anna, a woman, who wakes up as a mermaid, and desperate to pee. But how the mermaids pee? That is the question...

Anna woke up on warm sand, the sound of waves and the scent of salt in the air. The sun warmed her skin, and a single thought pulsed in her mind: How did I get here? Memories of last night’s party were hazy—music, laughter, a few drinks. She’d had a lot, but not enough to hallucinate. Yet when she tried to stand, her body refused to obey. She looked down and froze—instead of legs, she had a shimmering tail, covered in emerald and pearl scales, heavy and damp on the sand. She was a mermaid. It couldn’t be real, yet she felt every detail of this foreign body. Panic gripped her throat, but another, familiar sensation emerged—a throbbing pressure in her lower abdomen. She needed to pee, urgently. The morning urge was so human, so absurd in this surreal situation.

As a woman, she’d often had to hold it—in bathroom lines, at the movies, at parties. She’d cross her legs, sometimes pressing her hands between her thighs to control the urge. Now, she instinctively tried to clench her legs, but her tail only twitched helplessly. Her hands, searching for that familiar spot, met smooth scales. No legs, no familiar anatomy—just that pulsing pressure, growing unbearable. She looked at her tail, trying to find anything familiar. Her waist transitioned into scales, but she couldn’t feel a urethra or anything she recognized. I can’t pee on the sand, it’s not right, she thought, embarrassed at the idea of a stain on the beach. The waves were close, maybe ten meters away, glinting in the sun. Water—that’s where it would be natural, discreet. She had to get there.

“Calm down,” she whispered, her voice trembling. Gripping the sand, she began to drag herself forward. Her tail was heavy, clumsy, like it didn’t belong to her. Each movement made her breasts graze the sand—rough, warm, but irritating. Her chest reddened, and sand grains stuck to her damp skin, prickling her. She winced, trying to lift her torso, but it only slowed her down. Her tail lashed the sand, kicking up clouds, and each muscle contraction intensified the pressure in her bladder. It felt like it might burst, and the inability to cross her legs left her vulnerable. I have to hold it, she thought, but time was running out.

Suddenly, with one awkward jerk of her tail, she felt a hot, uncontrollable tingle in her lower body. She froze as a warm trickle escaped from a crevice among her scales, soaking into the sand beneath her. A small, distinct wet patch formed. No, no, no! she screamed in her mind, her cheeks burning with shame. It felt like a betrayal of herself. The warm, involuntary sensation was alien, as if her body acted without her consent—hot, almost scalding, yet fleeting as it sank into the sand. She didn’t understand how it happened—where had it come from? That crevice in her tail? The shame burned hotter than the sun overhead.

Worse, she noticed a tern landing a few meters away, tilting its head and staring at the patch. It saw! Anna thought, humiliation twisting her stomach. The bird squawked, as if mocking her, and flew off. Anna wanted to disappear. Even a tern had witnessed her failure. She clenched her muscles, desperate to stop the rest, and dragged herself forward, ignoring the sting on her skin and the searing shame.

The waves were closer now. The sand gave way to cool, wet earth at the shore. Finally, her tail touched the water—a cold wave soothed her scales. Half-submerged, with her breasts still on the damp sand, Anna breathed with hope. She thought it would be easier in the water. She focused on that mysterious crevice in her tail, tensing and relaxing unfamiliar muscles, as she had on the sand. But nothing happened. Her bladder pressed, pulsed, almost hurt, yet no relief came. Why isn’t it working? she thought, frustration mixing with panic. She tried everything—tensing, relaxing, closing her eyes, imagining she was on land in a bathroom. 

She even pressed her hands to her tail where her thighs once were, but the scales were smooth, unyielding. Nothing. The pressure was unbearable, as if her body was mocking her, refusing to cooperate. She writhed in the water, her tail thrashing the waves, each movement sharpening the ache in her abdomen. “Please, please,” she whispered, tears mixing with the seawater on her face.

Finally, after another desperate attempt, she felt a subtle tingle, as if something in her tail unlocked. A warm current dispersed into the water, invisible, discreet, lasting a long moment, as if her body was slowly, uncertainly releasing its burden. Anna still didn’t understand—had she done something, or had her body decided for her? She feared that next time—and there would be a next time—she’d be just as clueless about this basic act. The relief was so intense she sighed, her body relaxing as if the ocean had absorbed her secret. Bubbles escaped her lips, and something on her neck—gills?—pulsed with the water’s rhythm.

Lying at the shore, tail in the water, torso on the sand, Anna exhaled. The relief was blissful, but the shame from the sand incident still burned. That small patch, seen by the tern, felt like public humiliation, even alone. If her body had changed so much, what about everything else? She touched the scales at the base of her tail, cautiously, as if exploring an alien creature. The crevice that had brought relief was soft, sensitive, almost intimate. Her cheeks flushed at the thought that it might serve more than one purpose. Did mermaids feel desire? Legends spoke of them seducing sailors, but how did it work? Was this crevice the key to their intimacy? 

She imagined another mermaid, gliding in the depths, touching her tail in a way that sent shivers. Or perhaps mermaids didn’t need partners? Maybe their bodies responded to the water, to warm ocean currents caressing their scales in ways that could be… pleasurable? She thought of how the water enveloped her tail, how the waves gently teased that sensitive spot. Could it be more than just relief? Did her new body hold desires she didn’t yet understand? The idea of exploring those feelings in the depths, where everything was fluid and natural, was thrilling yet unsettling. The water felt alive, whispering to her, urging her to rediscover herself.

The waves caressed her tail, tempting her to dive deeper. Maybe the water held answers. For now, she lay at the shore, feeling the cool waves and warm sand. The shame from the sand patch was fading, replaced by curiosity. She had to learn this body—how to move her tail, how to breathe, how to live. And perhaps, how to love.

*004*2025-09-29 12:11

Thank you. I am glad you like the story. Actually, I never thougth of a continuation, but who know, maybe some day I will get a good idea.

