Jenny Series: Springing a leak (or two)

Author: Wet19

*000*2019-03-21 00:19

Happy first day of spring! (or first day of autumn for you southern hemisphere peeps!)

"Since it's officially spring, what do you girls think about having a picnic at the park for dinner?" Megan asked after she arrived home from work.

"Yeah, that sounds fun!" Katie replied enthusiastically.

"I'm down!" added Jenny.

"Sweet! I'll make some sandwiches!" Megan said, turning toward the kitchen. Katie went back to her room to play on her computer until they were ready to go. Jenny was sitting at the dining table with textbooks and notes sprawled out working on college chemistry homework.

20 minutes later Megan had a small cooler packed with drinks and sandwiches in zip-lock bags, as well as a backpack containing the picnic blanket and a bag of chips.

"Katie, we're ready to go!" Megan called down the hallway. Katie came out of her room wearing a light jacket. Her jeans were already wet, clearly she had peed them in her room. Megan noticed but fully ignored it. Jenny abandoned her homework and followed the other two out to the garage.

###

They drove to a small neighborhood park a few blocks away. Megan parked the car at the front of the parking lot. There was only one other car there and not another person in sight. Jenny, holding the cooler, and Katie, holding the backpack, got out and stepped up onto the sidewalk in front of the car, then realized Megan wasn't with them. They turned and saw Megan standing next to the closed driver door. She took a quick glance around, then quickly the crotch of her jeans darkened. Glistening wetness spread rapidly in all directions before shooting down her legs. She sighed a brief and faint sigh of relief as he warm pee rolled over her ankles and into her running shoes.

"Looks like you've sprung a leak mom!" Katie joked. Megan simply smiled as she shifted to try and even out the wetness on both legs. On the ground beneath her was an impressively large puddle that was slowly streaming toward the back of the car. She sighed again as her bladder finally emptied. The glistening slowly faded from crotch to ankle. She turned and went to the trunk of the car to retrieve the frisbee.

"Let's go eat!" She exclaimed walking toward Jenny and Katie. They found a nice spot in the grass shaded by a large tree and set up their picnic. They had their usual conversations about work, school, friends, etc.

Once they were all done eating, they packed up the picnic supplies and their trash. As Megan took the stuff to the car, Jenny admired her lover's butt and legs, noting that it was still very obvious in her light colored jeans that she had recently peed herself. Jenny suddenly felt a touch of embarrassment on Megan's behalf as she realized that the parking lot now had several cars in it and a small family was walking the opposite direction Megan was. Megan felt only slightly self conscious, but not enough to even blush. The park did have a restroom, but we all know Megan's preference. Jenny and Katie spread out over the grass and began throwing the frisbee. Megan joined in once she returned from her excursion to the parking lot.

After a short time, Katie decided to go play on the playground with the other kids that were there. Her pants were mostly dry by now. Jenny and Megan continued throwing the frisbee, challenging each other with farther and farther throws, some of which didn't always go where intended. Soon Jenny had to pee. She followed suit with her girlfriend and as the frisbee wizzed just over her head, she wizzed down her legs. Jenny was wearing darker colored jeans so It wasn't quite as obvious. It also helped that she was on the side of the field farthest from the other people in the park. Jenny, unlike Megan, is very shy about her fetish. Megan, on the other hand, has turned out to be pretty open about peeing herself, even going so far as to do it in front of her own mother once the previous year.

They had been at the park for over an hour and a half. Even though it was now spring, the sun still set a little early and it was now touching the horizon. Megan wrangled up her daughter and the three girls meandered back to the car. By now, Megan's pants were dry enough that the dampness wasn't noticeable, but that wouldn't last long. The three girls got into Megan's car and they headed home. As they coasted down the neighborhood streets, Megan peed her jeans in the driver's seat, almost missing a stop sign due to divided attention. A deep puddle formed between her legs on the leather seat, actually a common occurrence for Megan.

When they arrived home, Megan cleaned up her seat with a towel and a quick dab of leather conditioner. Jenny, unfortunately, had to return to her homework while Megan and Katie got in some play time on the Xbox. Megan's wet jeans left a wet spot on the couch cushion.

###

Kind of a quick story, I haven't had much time lately but I don't want to forget about my friends here!

I want to try something with my next story. You guys post a few pictures of female wetting here and I will pick my favorite one to incorporate into a story somehow.

