The Next War

Author: wet_skier

*000*2018-12-06 03:08

Hello, this is my first post. I have been a lurker here for a while and decided to finally write something. Hope you enjoy.

"So when do you think they will attack us?" Sir Forswarm said as he took another shot. A few droplets running down his long, brown, beard.

"I have no idea, they have been laying siege on us for 4 months. They are going to run out of food well before we do. We still even have alcohol." I said.

"Lord Gordon has no idea what he is doing. He gets annoyed so he decides to enter a war he can't win. It will only be a matter of time until his own men just go home. The days are at their darkest right now and the blizzards won't stop for at least another 3 months."

"Yeah well..." Suddenly a bunch of people started screaming outside.

"Of course, right as I get out of my armor for the day." Sir Forswarm said. How can he stay calm? They are in the city! How did they get in? Running outside, I couldn't see more than 5 feet in front of me. It is so hard to breathe. They must have already set half the city on fire. Trying to find my way out of the smoke I heard someone come up behind me. Turning around I saw someone in a black hood behind Sir Forswarm. He screamed so loudly when he noticed the hooded man that 4 more surrounded him. I never saw him touch the ground. Running past all the commoners, friends, and rivals dying alike I could not find the end of the smoke.

I should be at the cliffs by now. After running for what felt like an eternity, I looked behind me to see at least 10 hooded men following me and when I turned back around, there was another one right up to my face. His knife held was up to me covered in blood. I tried to scream but couldn't. 'Please help me.' was all I could think as the men surrounded me.

Alright I am going to end it here for now. If anyone wants then I will make the next part to the story.

