The Gentleman: The Trouble With Roommates (Part 6)

Author: Weasel

*000*2017-11-04 05:19

Hey folks! Part 6 of the saga of Parker the Gentleman is here at last.

A bit of desperation in this, but it's kind of a story about being desperate to get desperate, and not quite managing it... This is really more of a secondary story, setting us up for bigger things. I couldn't top Part 5 right away, after all. (Although I do reveal both the extent and the origins of Meagan's superpowers!)

What bigger things, you ask?

What, you think I'm going to spoil my own stories? Let's just say that I finished drafting Part 7 today and I'm thrilled with how it came out, but what I'm really looking forward to is Part 8. The grand climax, if you will...

(Want to read from the beginning? Here ya go!)

The Gentleman's First Encounter

(Part 1)

The Gentleman Rocks the Suburbs

(Part 2)

The Gentleman: Big Piss on Campus

(Part 3)

The Gentleman's Dilemma

(Part 4)

The Gentleman: Parker's Present Part 5

And Part 5 and a half

But for today, Part 6: The Trouble With Roommates.

~~~~~~~~

Spring Break was a marvel for Parker. Playing Ultimate all week took it out of him and there was no place private enough in the beach house the team had rented for him and Meagan to do anything more than make out, but it was still a really glorious week. And when they got back to campus Saturday, they had the dorm room to themselves and made good use of it: sex three times in two days. But no desperation; just getting used to each other’s bodies. Meagan was as good as her word, too; she taught him how to make her cum, and he did so with delight and increasing skill. The reason they had sex three times in two days was because of how good he’d gotten by Round 2.

“Why have I never dated a boy who listens?” Meagan asked between gasps after their third time. “It’s like night and fuckin’ day.”

“‘Fucking’ is the right word for it.”

“He listens and he’s funny. Admittedly he’s just listening right now, not actually being funny, but hey, he’s got other things on his mind…”

~~~~~~~

But all good things must come to an end, and Spring Break is no exception. Which meant the roommates came back.

Parker had always gotten along just fine with his roommate, Jonathan. Jonathan was quiet, shy, introverted; he talked to Parker and about four other people on campus. He was a bio major and spent long hours in the labs, but when he wasn’t there, he was in the dorm room, watching Trigun and Patlabor 3 and so on. He showed Parker and Meagan Spirited Away in hopes of getting them to watch more anime, but his next proposal was Akira and while Parker was intrigued, Meagan definitely wasn’t.

Or so she said to Jonathan at the time. “Actually, I think he’s really uncomfortable around me,” she said. Meagan had more or less settled on Psych as a major, since (being a sophomore) she needed one by May, and she had a few courses in human behavior under her belt. “He doesn’t have a girlfriend, right? Or a boyfriend?”

“Definitely not a boyfriend.” (Parker’s buddy Alex across the hall was gay, and seemed to know every gay, lesbian, or bi person on campus.) “And… not a girlfriend, either. At least he’s never mentioned one, and we’ve talked a lot since September.”

“Yeah. So unless he’s asexual, he’s probably pretty jealous of me, and not always happy to have me around.”

So Parker’s room was unavailable for sex.

Meagan’s room…

Dacy had zero problem giving them “alone time.” In fact she was excited to do it and occasionally even offered tips on her way out the door. But then, Dacy was generally pretty excited about most things. But Dacy had gone home over Spring Break with her boyfriend and had come back single. If anything this made her even more manic/excitable, but Meagan was looking out for her and didn’t want to sexile the poor girl too often. Dacy said she was fine having Parker stay over with all three of them in the room, but Meagan seemed uneasy with that idea, so this only happened a couple times.

The second time, Parker figured out why: Dacy was not shy. She did not change in front of them, but in the evenings she did run around in just a long thin t-shirt. “Run” was often the right word, and appropriate; she was a extremely dedicated cross-country runner. Although it was the off-season for her just then, she still ran most every day, and as soon as she came back she would strip off her outerwear and do her stretching in just her sports bra. She wore her sports bras quite a lot, actually, and Parker was grateful, because otherwise the bouncing was considerable. He knew this all too well because of that t-shirt. It was just long enough to cover her but, but her dramatic boobs were loose underneath it; to make up for squeezing them down with the sports bra much of most every day, Dacy never wore a bra any other time. Parker had to keep himself from staring at them when they bounced, or when Dacy’s nipples seemed ready to cut right through the cotton fabric.

So Meagan and Parker spent as much time together as they could outside the dorm room, and had sex when Dacy stepped out to a party or a long-ish run. Which was great—much better than the alternative of having no sex at all—but Parker wanted Meagan to hold it again.

“Sure, if we can find a good time,” she said in answer to his request. “I’ve got to work, though, and classes are definitely picking up, so I don’t think I can do it during the week. But I think Dacy’s going to a party on Friday.”

And Dacy did exactly that, leaving in a whirl of short skirts, shouting fairly explicit advice over her shoulder as she went, and they had the room to themselves for at least a few hours before she came back. What Meagan had forgotten to factor in was the strength of her bladder. She’d been drinking water but was nowhere near desperate after an hour, and was worried she still wouldn’t be close by the time Dacy came home. So they had sex without any desperation play, and while Meagan whispered “I need to pee” into Parker’s ear at a key moment, she barely reacted when he put a little pressure on her belly. And of course after sex she had to go pee (in the bathroom) right away.

“I’m sorry, sweetie,” Meagan said as they lay in bed together afterward. “Next time I’ll start drinking earlier.” She paused. “Someday we should do some tests to see what kind of drinks make me need to pee the most.”

“Yes, we absolutely need to do that,” Parker said, deadpan. “For science.”

Then Meagan said “Oh!” and sat upright in bed. Since she was naked under the sheet, this was an exciting move for Parker, who gazed at her breasts until she started talking again.

“I’m an idiot,” she said. “Back-Campus!”

The college owned on the order of a thousand acres, and most of them were undeveloped woods—some of the last woods in the area, apparently. It was a maze of criss-crossing trails, very confusing until you’d spent a lot of time back there. Parker roamed about pretty often but hadn’t discovered all its secrets. Meagan knew a few more but hadn’t had time to take him out there.

“We could spend hours out there and never run into anyone,” Meagan said. “And I don’t mind peeing outside, if we take some TP with us. We’ll take a lunch—and water bottles, definitely water bottles—and spend the day out there. I’ll get as desperate as you want.”

“Great!” Parker said. “Tomorrow?”

“Sure—oh wait, no, I can’t. I’ve got to meet with my project team at 2, I forgot.”

“Sunday, then?”

“Mmm, I blocked out Sunday for my research paper.” She saw the disappointment in his eyes. “Next week for sure, though.”

So Parker went through the next week of classes without really giving any of them his undivided attention. At least 10% of his mind was already in the Back-Campus woods with Meagan, at all times. Since they would be spending the next day together, Parker spent Friday night in his own bed.

When he woke up Saturday morning it was raining steadily. He geared up in his jacket, found an umbrella, and trooped over to Meagan’s room, but she was reluctant to go. “We’ll get soaked,” she said.

“I don’t mind,” Parker said, quietly.

She shook her head. “We’ll try again tomorrow.”

Sunday morning it was still pouring rain, but Meagan took one look at Parker’s face as he stood in the door of her dorm room, dripping and disappointed, and got her “Fuck this” look on her face. Dacy was home, so Meagan pulled Parker close and whispered to him, “We can’t go out today either. But stick around. I promise you won’t be disappointed.”

He sat down on the bed with her, not exactly sure what she meant—and as soon as she sat down beside him, she grabbed her Nalgene water bottle and chugged about half of it. She gave him a mischievous look from her emerald eyes, jerked her head toward Dacy (who wasn’t paying attention) and put her finger to her lips.

After a few minutes of doing nothing while the girls worked, Parker went back to his dorm, grabbed his laptop, and brought it back over to Meagan’s room. Since Dacy was writing a paper on her desktop and didn’t need the internet, Parker could use her ethernet cable (in that pre-wifi world), which just barely stretched to Meagan’s bed. Meagan shifted position so they could sit back to back or side by side. And then the true genius of Parker’s plan came into play: he signed on to IM and showed this to Meagan, who quickly did the same on her ancient and creaky laptop.

Ill keep drinking water

Yeah, u should drink that whole bottle

And then fill it up again and drink it again.

Yah, that will make me need to go pretty bad!

…in a few hours

I can wait

I'm a patient man

:-P

Not as patient as I can be

Not as patient as I will be

Not as patient as Ill *have* to be with all that water in me

You are awesome

Dude, type the whole fuckin words

You just said you were patient

This from the girl who just typed “fuckin”

That’s how I pronounce it!

Meagan being Meagan, it really did take her hours to get at all desperate. Parker had no idea how much she could hold, but it seemed to him that her real superpower was in her steel pelvic muscles (which made quite a lot of things quite a lot of fun). She could just lock down every muscle in her body and hold on for ages.

Parker had arrived around 10. Breakfast wasn’t served in the cafeteria on weekends (lack of demand, apparently), but lunch started at 11:30, so off they went. Meagan didn’t show a single sign of desperation through the whole meal, but when they got back at 12:15, her first IM to him was

OK, starting to feel it now.

...and then she still didn’t show any sign of it. Honestly, Parker would have gotten bored, except he had plenty of work to do on his laptop and simply zoned out—until Meagan shifted position or moved her legs, when he would be momentarily riveted again. But it wasn’t until 2 that he was really impressed, when she said aloud, “I’m tired of sitting. Wanna go to the gym and work out a little?”

Of course he did. He ran back to his own room for workout gear, mind thrilling to the possibilities. She hadn’t peed for the four hours he’d been with her, and by now she’d polished off a full Nalgene bottle and a glass of orange juice at breakfast. Would she be able to handle squats, leg presses, treadmills?

The short answer was yes. Her pelvic muscles must have been getting just as much of a workout as the rest of her, but she didn’t even seem uncomfortable—no leg-crossing, no foot-tapping. Her form on every lift was impeccable, though, and he remembered the signs from that eventful drive: she was totally in control, but definitely had to fight for it. The impish sparkle in her eyes and the occasional kiss on his cheek were clues, too.

On the way back from the gym (it was now around 3pm; the rain was still coming down) Meagan whispered to him, “So how’d you like that?”

“Mm, mixed feelings.”

“Oh?”

“Well, you know I like watching you squirm. And you haven’t, not once. But on the other hand, the fact that you haven’t yet is really impressive.”

“Thanks. I gotta say the squats were pretty darn hard. But I just clamp down. You wanna know my secret?”

“What?”

“I do Kegel exercises in boring lectures.”

By now she’d gone close to six hours without peeing, and with pretty continuous (if low-level) water-drinking. She’d gone much longer the night of Parker’s party, and with beer involved, too, but she’d put away much more water then. So maybe it wasn’t surprising that sometime after they got back from the gym, Meagan sent him an IM:

...I really gotta go now.

Need just went up like 3 notches all of a sudden

How long do u think u can go?

Wait, i mean

Probably another hour?

I was hoping for 2 hrs

And hoping that dacy will go to dinner first

And leave us a little time

2 hours?

Eeee

Ill try

But god do I need to go

And indeed, she was changing position a lot more often. Hiding it from Dacy was the real challenge now, and the rain wasn’t helping at all.

Parker was transfixed. Now he had something to hide from Dacy, too, although having a computer on his lap helped with that. He IM’d Meagan constantly. Her responses were increasingly a little curt, even on IM. She did make it past an hour, although Parker could feel how tense her whole body was.

Finally Meagan sent this:

I can last another 5 minutes

No more

Then I need to go

Counting down

Starting now

Parker sighed inwardly. She was absolutely near her limit and probably wasn’t even enjoying it any more. He almost nodded to her, but instead sent this:

Ok i understand

Go when you need to

Oh believe me I NEED TO GO

NOW NOW NOW

Parker typed in, “ok just go now, don’t wait any more”—but before he could send it, Dacy stood up, stretched, and said, “I wanna swing by the library before I go to dinner. Anyone want to come with me?”

“Nah, we’ll catch up with you in the cafeteria,” Meagan said, no strain at all in her voice.

But as soon as Dacy closed the door behind her, Meagan jammed a hand down between her legs and crossed those legs over it. “Time for a quickie!” she said cheerfully.

“You’re not mad?”

“No, just desperate. And on the clock. Whatever we do, we need to do it fast.”

“Can we have sex?”

Meagan squeezed her eyes shut as tight as her legs for a second. “I really doubt it,” she said. “I’m too dang full and I’m nowhere near ready. And if you took off my clothes I’ll just have to put them back on again to go to the bathroom.” She thought fast. “Want a blow job?”

“Um, yes?”

She had him lie back, unzipped his pants, and bent over him. He grabbed her boobs through her clothes, hanging conveniently close as they were, and she made small encouraging noises about this as she began to suck him off.

This wasn’t quite what he’d had in mind. He’d envisioned her naked again, like the night of his party. He’d really been looking forward to try to have sex with her while she was holding for him. And this felt… awkward, rushed. On the other hand, she was squeezing her legs tight around her hand as she fought to bring him off and keep herself dry, and if he wanted to see her naked, he could just remember that night…

She swallowed, wiped her mouth off, leaned up to kiss him, and said, “I will totally ask you if it was good for you too in a minute, but I just felt a drop in my pants, so I am out of time.”

The door banged as she fled to the bathroom. He re-buttoned his pants and went off to his own bathroom. He beat her back by a couple minutes.

“Whew!” Meagan said. “That was… interesting. I’m not sure I want to do it that way again, though.”

“Yeah, me neither,” Parker said. “It felt a little off.”

“Mmhm. We’ll do it differently next time. But right now, we have the room to ourselves. And since I went down on you, it would only be fair…”

“Sure!” he said. He hadn’t enjoyed going down on her the first time, but he’d steeled himself to do it again. After all, it was less of a hassle than holding your pee until you were about to pop, and if she was willing to do that, he could give her oral. But now that he was getting better at it, he was starting to enjoy it more. They both were, for that matter.

So normal sex continued—stolen moments here and there, when Dacy was out running or partying or Jonathan had just left to the lab and likely wasn’t back for a few hours, and when neither of them had class or schoolwork or Meagan was at her job. Between all those things, they got pretty good about getting each other off pretty quickly. But it wasn’t ideal, and by the middle of April, with the end of the school year looming, they were both getting a little bored.

~~~~~~~

One April afternoon, looking forward to the (non-sexual) plans they had for that afternoon (well, mostly non-sexual, and certainly non-holding), Parker arrived at the girls’ dorm and knocked. Dacy answered, once again clad in just her sports bra and running shorts. Her cleavage was nothing short of magnificent.

“Oh!” she said. “I think she got held up. I saw her in Miller Hall,” she added, “talking to her prof after class.”

“Can I wait for her?”

“Sure! Come on in—I just really need to pee, I’ll be back in a second.” And she gave a cute little butt-bob to illustrate.

“So I see,” Parker said, as that image burned itself into his brain and merged with his still-strong memory of glimpsing her changing clothes.

“I haven’t been able to go since before lunch!” she said, almost squeaking, and dodged around him and ran to the bathroom.

Parker carefully seated himself on Meagan’s bed, trying to distract himself from the sexiness of what he’d just seen with memories of what he and Meagan had been up to in that bed the week before. But this backfired a bit, since by the time Dacy returned, he was a little worked up. He scooted all the way onto the bed so he could oh-so-casually cross his legs.

“Whew, that feels better,” Dacy said. “Don’t you just hate it when you really really really have to go?”

“Yeah, it’s a hassle,” Parker said, wondering how he could get her off this line of conversation.

“Did I ever tell you about what happened to me last year?” she said. “It was the most hilarious thing that’s ever happened.”

“No, what was it?” Parker said, half on autopilot, half-hoping that this would be a complete non-sequitur and she was about to tell him a story about noodles or something.

“So I was about to go for a run. But I’d just gotten back from class, like today, and I had to pee...”

To Be Continued…

*004*2017-11-05 15:12

Thanks, y'all! I powered through writing the next few chapters yesterday (didn't do much else, heh) and I'm excited to see what people think of them. Definitely time to ratchet up the tension and work toward a climax.

{{On 11/3/2017 at 10:58 PM, Melificentfan said:

Damn cliffhangers lol That was great though

}}

You ain't seen nothin' yet.

{{22 hours ago, rebeljaffa said:

I love this series. It's relatable and speaks volumes about human nature. When you get all you wanted from one girl but still you're lured by another. Someone gives you their best yet you want more each time to satisfy endless curiosity and to stop the ultimate satisfaction becoming routine. Dacy has probably worked out what's going on and she's going to use her bladder to take what she's after. I've had a girlfriend's best friend try it on with me so again this wonderful tale is relatable. Women who aren't into omo but still find amusement in using it to control men!! Above all this just speaks to so many of my favourite fantasies. You're a genius!

}}

Thank you. I do try to make my stories really grounded, real, and rooted in the people. Funny thing, I got into writing this story for the sex and the turn-on and now I'm really much more interested in the characters and what makes them tick. And the sex, of course.

Going by what you're saying, you might find the last chapter pretty interesting.

{{7 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

I absolutly love this story! Another great chapter, thanks a lot!

}}

Glad you're enjoying it!

Two chapters left to go, folks. Next one is a slight change of pace in a couple directions. About Dacy, as you can guess. I may not get it posted next weekend, but after that for sure.

And then the finale after that. I'm thinking I'll get that one up on (US) Thanksgiving weekend. Watch this forum!

*006*2017-11-09 05:47

Funny you should ask -- I'm planning on doing exactly that!

Actually I was wondering if anyone has ever sold story collections here, like some people sell videos. Basically what I'm thinking is follow the format of a lot of webcomics when they put books up for sale: they add some new content and make it look nicer. If I collected the stories and made it all prettier (formatting, a little more editing) and threw in some "deleted scenes," would people be willing to pay a dollar or so? I'm curious if I could make my fetish self-funding!

*009*2017-11-23 17:15

{{On 11/20/2017 at 11:10 AM, BB1BBB said:

Weasel - the only stories on the net that are better than yours are William Abbott's. He has published story collections on Amazon for a reasonable price - I'd definitely buy yours as well.

}}

Wow, William Abbot? That's really high praise... I've loved his stories forever!

