Belle in the Big City

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2025-09-09 01:57

Belle in the Big City

Belle opened her eyes and gazed up at the night sky as she tilted her head back and finished her drink, a large 24 ounce can of some kind of hard iced tea that you would typically find in a setting such as this. Finishing the last gulp, she looked back down at the stage as the band launched in their final song of the night. She looked to her left, where Emma was dancing wildly and singing along, with Jack standing behind her, smiling and bobbing his ahead along to the music.

Belle had first met Emma in first grade, and they had become instant friends, and were basically inseparable all throughout high school until their paths diverged. Emma had always wanted to move here for college, several hours from home, away from her difficult upbringing and family drama, while Belle ended up attending a near by state school. It was a difficult goodbye, and they always made an effort to keep in touch, and see each other over the summer as much as they could, but to some extent they had just grown to be different people, the magic of their childhood friendship felt a little more faded each time they saw each other. After college, Belle moved home, and Emma stayed in the big city, several hours away, getting an apartment with Jack.

After more than 2 years of living at home, and a tough breakup with her college boyfriend, and a great new job opportunity in the city, Belle decided it was time for a change. She didn’t know anyone here except for Emma, but was excited at the prospect of reconnecting.

Emma and Jack were super helpful with the move, helping her find an apartment just about a 15 minute walk from theirs, and after she was all settled, the couple was more than happy to show her around. The three had spent a lot of time together over the last 3 months, and Belle was very grateful for them, but sometimes she still felt the erosion of that old magic. Belle had always been the more mature and serious one of the two, but that dynamic was really noticeable as adults. Emma was still much more outgoing, not afraid to speak her mind and show her emotions. Sometimes Belle felt as though she was still a little immature, but overall, she was happy to have a friend here, a friend she loved like a sister, even though things weren’t always exactly how she wanted them to be.

With a final thundering guitar solo, the band wrapped up, and Jack immediately took charge, leading them quickly toward the exit of the crowded amphitheater, hoping to avoid some traffic. Belle held on to Emmas hand as he led the way. She glanced to her right and noticed the bathrooms, which she and Emma had visited when they first arrived, and the line of women gathering in front of them. She’d been wanting to go for the last 20 minutes or so, but didn’t need to say anything. The ride here from Emma and Jack’s apartment had only been like 15 minutes, and she certainly didn’t want to hold Jack up over a “Just in case” pee.

They proceeded to push through the crowd out in to the parking lot, and found a quiet place to stand while Jack started trying to call for a ride share. Standing still in the cool fall air, Belle was a little more aware of the fullness in her bladder. She’d had two of those huge cans, which was a little unlike her, but she’d been following Emma’s lead. Still, she wasn’t worried, they’d be in a car soon, and then it would be maybe 15 or 20 minutes back to Jack and Emma’s, then a quick walk home. If she really needed to go, she could always pop up stairs and use their bathroom before her walk, but she was sure she’d be fine, she had always been pretty good at holding it.

She glanced at her watch, it was about 10:45 now, she’d be home by 11:30.

By 11:05, there was still no sign of a ride. Belle had started trying to call one herself, but was getting the same result as Jack, just a spinning circle as the app tried to find a driver willing to come pick them up in the chaotic parking lot, which was still brimming with the traffic. She pinched her thighs together and exhaled through her nose, her need to pee was getting worse, she would definitely be coming up to use Emma and Jack’s bathroom when they got there, but she told herself she was still fine, and that the anxiety of not knowing how long this was going to take was making her feel like she had to go more than she really needed to.

Suddenly, just a moment later, Emma looked up at the sky and let out a sigh of frustration as Jack started trying something else with the app “Where are these god damned cars? I have to pee so fucking bad” she said loudly.

Belle exhaled again and look around the parking lot. At least she wasn’t the only one that needed to go, but it probably wasn’t going to get her relief any faster. She looked down at her phone, still no rides. A pang of worry shot through her and she looked around again at the sea of cars. Maybe if Emma really had to go, she’d suggest peeing between them. Belle wasn’t sure at all how she felt about that, it would certainly be easier for Emma to try it with her and Jack standing guard, but could Belle really bring herself to follow suit? Jack would hear EVERYTHING. She blushed at the thought, casually crossing one leg over the other as she watched Emma crouch down to the ground in desperation.

Belle closed her eyes, trying to calm herself, and was taken back to a time when she and Emma were younger, going for a walk in the park near her house. Sipping drinks from the convenience store and talking for hours, they had walked pretty far in to the trail when Emma declared that she really had to pee. Belle was fine with turning back toward her house, as she was needing to go to, but only 15 minutes in to the walk, Emma declared she just couldn’t wait, and dashed off to a clearing to pop a squat. The sound of Emma’s stream had really been suggestive to Belle as she kept watch, twisting and herself around to push back the sudden urgency. The second Emma pulled her pants up Belle had declared she had to go as well. It had been a thundering stream, far louder and longer than Emma’s, who of course had to comment “Wow, sounds like you had to go even worse than I did”.

The relief had been sensational, and Belle longed for that feeling again now. Snapping back to reality, she recrossed her legs the other way and bent forward a bit, letting out a bit more air. How much longer was this going to take?! She couldn’t stand here all night like this, she needed a toilet, or at least some kind of a plan to get to one.

“What the fffuuuuuuckkkk??” Emma moaned, leading forward slightly and rubbing the tops of her thighs with her hands. “Whyyyy is this taking so long?”

There was a minute or two of silence until Emma broke again, spinning around while twisting her legs together. “Do you guys see a porta potty or anything around here? I feel like I’m going to pop!”

Belle looked around again, trying to appear helpful even though she knew there was nothing. Jack rubbed Emma’s back and tried to console her “Looks like the traffics easing up, I’m going to cancel this request and try again”

“Mmmmmmmmph” Emma replied, crossing her left leg hard over the right and leaning forward a bit.

Belle nervously tapped the sides of her thighs with hands, stepping to her right and back to her left as she glanced over Jack’s shoulder at the screen on his phone. The rideshare app was still spinning. She looked down at her own screen, same thing.

Emma walked over to a near by parked and leaned herself against it, almost sitting on the hood, and leaned forward, shoving her hands in to the pockets of her jeans. Unable to really stand still anyway, Belle walked down to the corner and gazed out in to the sea of traffic and people still trying to get away from the venue.

“Okay I got one!” she heard behind her. Excitedly turning around, she saw Jack showing Emma something on his phone and Emma nodded, still leaning against the car. Belle walked back over to get the update. “I got a car finally” Jack said as she approached. “says it’s 15 minutes away”

15 minutes was a bit longer than she would have liked, but she’d take it at this point. They’d be back to Emma and Jack’s in 30 minutes. It was 11:20 now, so she’d just have to wait until around 11:50, and then she could pee. She could do that.

Turning away from Jack, she hooked a thumb inside the waistband of her jeans and pulled it away from her waist, blowing more air out of her mouth as she got a little temporary relief. Fuck she really really had to pee now. She looked down and could see that her bladder was so full that the bottom of her stomach was slightly visible past the end of her shirt. She really wished she had worn a big t shirt or a hoodie or something. She really wanted to unbutton her jeans, but had no way to cover herself.

She looked at her watch again but only a minute had passed. She blew more air out of her mouth and turned her left knee in to her right leg, squeezing the tops of her thighs hard together. She took a deep breath. She just had to wait, she told herself. Just half an hour. But God, she couldn’t remember the last time she had to pee this bad.

Biting her lip, she turned back to look at Jack and Emma, Emma had stood up off the car and was still leaning forward slightly with a hand on her belly almost as if she was cradling her bladder. “I don’t think I can wait Jack…” she whined “I have to pee sooo bad”

“It’s okay” he soothed, rubbing her back “Car’s on the way, we’ll be home soon.”

“Mmmmmph Jack seriously I don’t know if I can wait, I really really have to go” she gasped, glancing around “Can you cover me? I might just pee between these cars or something”

“Babe, come on” Jack replied “There are people everywhere, I promise we will be home soon. Once you’re in the car and can sit you’ll feel better I promise, please just hang on”

Emma groaned and crossed her arms across her chest, looking up at the sky. Belle turned away and crossed her legs again, squeezing them so hard together it almost hurt. Her bladder was throbbing now and she was starting to sweat, her pulse quickening with panic. If Jack didn’t even want to help Emma pop a squat here, there was no she was going to be able to, she was trapped, and was just going to have to hold it. She turned and stepped behind a park car, and glancing up to make sure Jack and Emma couldn’t see, reached down a pressed her hand hard between her legs. She took a deep breath, trying to mentally and physically prepare herself up for this wait. She looked at her watch again, there was still probably 8 minutes until the car arrived. Holy shit, time was moving way too slow.

She put her hand to her forehead, she felt almost feverish, anxiety running through her body. She should have just said something as they were leaving, it wouldn’t have cost them any time after all. Taking another deep anxious breath, she recrossed her legs the other way and bounced herself up and down, still concealing herself behind the car to conceal her little pee pee dance. She was absolutely furious with herself for getting in to this situation. She should not have drank so much and should have gone when she needed to. She resolved to never let herself get in to a situation like this ever again. She had to pee so bad her bladder literally hurt, the pressure becoming overwhelming.

She heard a groan and looked over to see Emma now completely squatted down next to Jack, head buried in her hands. Jack had one comforting hand on her shoulder and the other holding up his phone, counting the minutes until the car arrived.

Glancing around to make sure the owner wasn’t approaching, Belle leaned forward and rested her arms on the roof of the car in front of her, rapidly bouncing her right leg up and down now. She was clenched so tightly she was starting to feel sore, and could feel sweat prickling at her hairline, her heart still hammering and her hands starting to feel clammy.

Everything felt still for a few minutes, Emma was still squatting down, almost sitting on the ground, holding Jack’s hand as he quietly counted down the minutes to her, Belle standing about 10 feet away still behind the car, focusing on breathing and listening to the sound of her heart hammering and the distant honking of cars all around.

Finally Jack spoke up “Okay, he should be pulling in a minute” he announced.

Belle blew out the contents of her lungs through her mouth again, she was almost feeling physically sick at this point. After a quick glance to make sure nobody was watching, she reached down and gave herself another long, hard squeeze between her legs, closing her eyes and trying to soak in the temporary moment of relief. She then stepped out from behind the car, and tried to walk normally as she moved back over to join the others. Emma stood as the car approached, but was still leaned over almost completely forward, pressing her hands on the insides of her thighs.

“I might pee my pants in this car” she said to Belle, with a nervous, exhausted laugh.

They quickly crammed themselves in to the back row of the car, Emma in the middle as Jack made some small talk with the driver. Emma was sitting with her fists tightly clenched in her lap, her legs bouncing wildly, rubbing against Belle’s thigh in the cramped back seat.

As relieved as Belle had been that car had actually arrived, she felt like she wasn’t really prepared for this agonizing ride back. The backseat was so cramped she could hardly move at all. She was clenching and squeezing so hard down there her entire pelvic region was throbbing. She was now literally trapped. Locked in to this car ride. She felt tears forming in the corners of her eyes out of sheer panic and misery.

Gasping in the face of a particularly brutal surge of pressure, she quickly reached down and popped the button open on her jeans, letting out the quietest possible moan as her bladder filled the space instantly, granting her the slightest relief. Her fingers lingered, desperately wanting to push between her thighs again, but with Jack sitting right there, his hand rubbing Emma’s thigh, she couldn’t bring herself to do it.

She tilted her head back and closed her eyes, feeling the car cruise along through the city, the occasional quiet moan of agony coming from Emma next to her. She tried to just focus on breathing, to just take it minute by minute, but God, she was in so much pain, her bladder felt like it was actually going to explode. She had never been so full, never needed to go so badly, in her entire life. She didn’t even think it was possible to want to go so badly.

Glancing over to her left, she saw Emma, eyes closed, legs crossed, leaned forward with one hand covering her face and the other buried between her legs, frozen now like a statue other than the deep breaths she was taking through her nose. Jack was gazing out the window, a comforting hand on Emma’s back. Taking this opportunity, she leaned forward again and delicately slid her right hand between her legs and pressed down as hard as she could, watching Jack out of the corner of her eye, ready to pull it away if he turned his head. She really wanted to slide her hand down her pants and hold herself directly, but couldn’t bring herself to do it with Jack and the driver so close by. She glanced up at the map on the drivers phone, they were only 3 minutes away now, she was so close.

Feeling some hope, she steeled herself for the final part of the wait and pulled her hand away, before finally a couple moments later the car pulled up outside the apartment building.

Belle had been feeling better the last couple minutes of the drive, but standing up out of the car brought her composure crashing back down. As soon as she stood, she felt her entire body spasm, and an explosion of pee burst out through her panties in to her jeans. Hidden from view behind the car, she dropped to her haunches, and covered her mouth with her hand to keep herself from audibly crying out. She was going to piss her pants, she thought. In all her life, no matter how bad she had ever had to go, no matter how long she had ever had to hold it, she had never until this exact moment been genuinely afraid that she was going to actually wet herself.

The door closing on the other side of the car snapped her back to reality, and taking a painful breath, she stood up as best she could and started following Jack and Emma, who were hurrying in to the lobby of the apartment building. Belle could not even attempt to stand straight at this point, and was walking hunched over, her right hand covering the open button on her jeans and her left hand clenched in to a fist at her side.

She caught up to them at the elevators, where Emma was pacing back and fourth, repeatedly slapping the top of her thigh with her hand. As she approached, Emma and Jack looked at her, and she could no longer hide her searing desperation. “I ummm, I’m just going to come up and use the bathroom real quick before I head home if th-that’s ummm okay?” she gasped out blushing hard. Emma hesitated for a moment, giving her friend a knowing looked, but a bit shocked at the revelation that she was desperate too. “Uh, yeah sure, but I have to go first Belle, I’m literally pissing myself.”

Belle gave a short nod, unable to even acknowledge the idea that she was going to have stand around their small 1 bedroom apartment with Jack in this state, waiting for Emma to go. It would be an awkward and embarrassing couple minutes, but at this point, she hardly cared, she’d be happy if she didn’t flood her pants on his kitchen floor.

They quickly crammed in to the elevator, Emma mashing at the buttons before breaking in to an all out pee dance. Belle turned in to the corner, her back to Emma and Jack as she reached down and grabbed herself again through her jeans. Just a few more minutes, just a few more minutes…

The elevator opened with a ping, and Emma shot out immediately, flat out running down the hall toward the apartment, Belle hurried behind, a tear running down her cheek. She caught up to Emma just as she threw the door open, and took off across the apartment toward the bathroom. Belle gasped as she felt, it another leak. Were her jeans wet? She wasn’t sure, but she knew she couldn’t wait another second, she’d pee in the tub, she didn’t care. She ran after Emma, but was too late, the bathroom door slamming in her face just as she reached it.

Another leak, she felt a fresh wave of panic sweep across her body as she bent completely over, shoving her hand between her legs again as she skidded to a stop outside the bathroom door. It wasn’t nearly enough. She stood up straight and let out another gasp of panic as she felt more pee gush out through her underwear in to her jeans. Oh my god oh my god, she thought, I’m pissing my fucking pants right now.

Forgetting herself and desperate to do anything to make herself wait, she finally shoved her right hand down her pants and began frantically kneading herself through her completely soaked light purple panties. She slapped her left hand against the bathroom door “Em please come out” she wailed “I’m peeing myyy --- ohhh my Godddd I’m peeing my pants PLEASE”

She bent over again and pressed her hand down against herself as hard she good, her whole body trembling, but it was no use. She felt an absolute blast of hot pee shoot right in to her hand, and the immediate feeling of warmth spreading down her legs. She sobbed, falling in to a full squat, which caused the pee to start immediately flooding the ass of her jeans, before she heard the invertible noise of splashing against the hardwood floor below her. She covered her face with left hand, letting out another anguished sob. She stayed like that for about 15 seconds, pee continuing to gush out of her and through her jeans with a force she never thought possible. Finally it tapered off to a drip, her bladder still felt full but she had stopped for it now. She stayed there squatting, frozen, hand covering her eyes for what felt like forever before finally the door next to her opened. She looked up, peeking through her fingers to see Emma, looking down at her with her jaw hanging open.

Without a word, Belle stood and rushed in to the bathroom, her shoes splashing in the puddle she had made. She peeled her soaked jeans and panties down and sat on the toilet, where she finished her pee which took another 40 seconds or so. She sat in shock for minutes, trying to catch her breath. What was she even supposed to do now? Her jeans were soaked, her shoes luckily spared by her last second squat.

“Belle” she heard from the other side of the door “I have some sweats for you”. She stood and opened the door, to see Emma standing sheepishly holding a plastic bag, a pair of gray sweatpants and a pair of green panties. She took them without a word and closed the door before peeling the jeans the rest of the way down her legs and quickly rinsing herself off in the shower.

Stepping out of the bathroom, face still beat red, Emma was waiting for her on the couch, Jack apparently in the bedroom. “I’m so sorry -” Emma started, standing “It’s okay” Belle interrupted “It’s not your fault, seriously….. I’m sorry…. Can I help clean up anything?”

“Oh no, no” Emma stammered “I got it. Please don’t worry about this, we can forget about it”

Belle gave her a grateful smile, face still beet red “Okay… thank you… I’ll ummm… I better get home, I’ll see you next weekend”

Anna stepped forward and gave her a brief hug “Sounds good, you’ve got first dibs on the bathroom next time.”

