The Locker Room Labyrinth

Author: Wormhole67

*008*2023-01-06 06:08

Okay, so a year and a half and a lot of life events later, I finally decide to return to this story. It has been in my mind a while, but stress and laptop woes makes writing a less interesting task than it could have been. I am out of college now and have a little bit more time on my hands, so I figure I might try to continue where I left off.

Though it’s lengthy, there is no omo in this chapter, as I’m trying to be realistic about the fetish and it’s not very realistic for every single person to have to pee all the time. Elisa peed at the end of the last chapter, and I didn’t right enough time to elapse for her to need to pee again.

That said, there is sexual content and nudity again in this one, and I talk about Elisa’s anxiety as well.

On the cliffhanger from a year and a half ago:

Chapter 5: Escape Plan

Elisa froze. She realized that she had not been quiet in her indulgences. Whoever was cleaning themselves across the room had definitely heard her sexual side. Mortified, Elisa realized that she was still in a bit of a predicament, as through all this she was still covered in soap, and it would have to come off one way or another. She weighed her options:

1) Shower here and deal with the embarrassment of having been heard masturbating by the other occupant of the shower

2) Get into clean clothes and walk back to her room all covered in soap

3) Jump in the pool one more time and then return to her dorm room

The problem with all three of these options was that she would have to approach the occupied shower as the locker she used was right next to it. And she was still naked, not that it would be unexpected for the showering woman (presumably, what are the chances that she finds another man in the women’s showers?) to find her naked after hearing her masturbate, but she would still rather save herself the embarrassment of appearing in a sexually vulnerable state to a stranger. Normally she wouldn’t mind being naked around other girls, but in those other situations when she would share a locker room communally, there was less of an aura of sex about.

Contemplating her choices, she decided that the highest risk in this situation would be to stay in the locker room any longer than she would have to. So she could either wear her purple pajamas—which just so happen to be her most comfortable—back to her room and get soap all over them, or she would have to jump back in the pool, either naked and risk being seen or in her wet bathing suit, which would not be fun to wear. For someone neurotypical these decisions would not be the most grueling to decide, but Elisa was persnickety in some instances, and what she chose would likely have a lasting impact on how well she would sleep once she returned to her dorm. Luciérnagas were annoying to deal with sometimes.

Oh crap...Elisa thought...my bathing suit is still laying on the floor near the showers...WAIT...I didn’t actually wear my bathing suit at all, that’s my bra and boyshorts that smell like urine, Dios, esto es tan vergonzoso (embarrassing). Amidst her anxious mind-wandering, Elisa realized that she could escape with the least embarrassment and discomfort by wearing her bathing suit back to her dorm while covering herself with her towel.

After one more minute of sitting in the communal shower area, Elisa decided it was go time. She stood herself up, speed-walked over to the locker area, and grabbed her neon boyshorts and white sports bra. She decided to glance under the shower stall anxiously from the side, half expecting Gabe to be on the other side, but the skin tone of this person was darker, indicating it was a different person. Elisa’s heart did almost skip a beat however when the legs she witnessed were hairy, but the occupant was confirmed to be closer to the female end of the spectrum when Elisa heard a faint “mmpff” in an alto register.

Elisa quickly turned toward her locker (which she now realized was in full view of the occupied shower stall if she decided to come out) and started fiddling with the combination, dreading the sound of the shower turning off. As she opened the locker though, what she instead heard was almost worse. “Y’know honey, you don’t need no embarrassment for havin’ fun wit’ yourself, I be comin’ in here e’ry week I bet.”

Elisa gasped as she knocked her water bottle out of her locker, which hit the tiled floor with a clang. She then realized that the shower stall door was actually open most of the way, the only thing obscuring the view between herself and the showerer being a flimsy white plastic curtain. Her train of thought having been totally derailed, Elisa almost simultaneously said “huh?” and actually thought about what the woman in the shower said, having realized that there was more than a slight bit of double entendre in her statement (except maybe an anti-double entendre, since the first meaning was actually sexual this time and the hidden meaning was more tame?).

The noise seemingly prompted the dark-skinned woman to open the curtain and boldly present herself to Elisa, who was standing with her backside to the shower and her torso twisted so she could see what was frightening her so greatly. The stranger was tall, around 5’10” (178 cm), with a strong and physical yet not bulky build, and she seemed to be undergraduate aged. She had cornrows that came down to her shoulders, with medium sized breasts and bushy hair in both her armpits and pubic region. Her legs were unshaven, but they were not noticeable and it seemed that this woman could pull off running shorts without drawing attention to her hairiness if she wanted to. And if it wasn’t clear enough from her appearance, her accent confirmed her black-African-American background. “Damn, girl! You a bad jawn! Yo’ ass hot as hell!” she complimented Elisa.

Elisa froze for the umpteenth time that night. She had nothing to say.

“Oh, don’t be scared, I ain’t mean startle you. We all be horny, and you’a be doin’ that as much as you want fo’ all I care.”

Elisa’s luciérnagas went full mariposas. She really couldn’t think of anything to say amidst the confusion, all she could muster was a meager “uhh...hiii”.

The tall woman responded “If you wanna know the truth, I was getting pretty wet myself and done started touchin’ my pussy with that, you was really into it!” After a slight pause with Elisa still in shock, she inquired “mind if I continue?”

Elisa, shaken and staring at the audacious display in front of her, responded in much the same manner as 5 hours ago “uhh…no, knock yourself out.”

“Thanks hon! You can go again if you want, I don’t bite,” said the stranger.

Elisa’s body responded by relubricating her lower portion without her thinking. There were way too many confusing feelings for her to fully process what was happening, and while the anxiety of the encounter had somewhat subsided from fear to apprehension, the new experiences were too much for her to form a coherent sentence. “No...uhh...I think I’m good” was all she could say.

The darker woman moved from the shower to the bench, one stall over from where Gabe had pleasured himself just a few hours ago. She took her left hand and started making circular motions over her genitalia at the same time. “You do you girl, but don’t be ashamed, please! I noticed your lips are smiling more than a minute ago!”

Elisa looked down at her own vagina, and it did have the physical indications of arousal she knew all too well for her own body. She looked back at the woman in front of her who was smiling and glancing intently at her own body. Though one part of her felt accosted, another part enjoyed the exhibitionism, even if it was to the gender opposite her attractions. The passion and lust she felt for Gabe was not nearly as strong now as then, but she still contemplated a third pleasure session of the night. No, I must get back to bed, this adventure has gone on far too long.

Elisa untwisted herself to face her locker. She unpacked her drawstring bag looking for her royal blue bathing suit, removing her towel and pajamas in the process. The two-piece suit was not the most revealing, as it was designed so that no drawstrings were required. The top was more of a glorified sports bra, and the bottoms glorified spandex panties, but being the most revealing was not usually at the forefront of Elisa’s mind, and besides her parents and the catholic ministry on campus would probably not approve of her exhibitionist streak if it were to ever develop.

“Mmmm” Elisa heard from behind her. She was keenly aware that the woman was fingering herself because Elisa’s nude body was on full display. Intrigued by the fact that she could give this woman such feelings of arousal, Elisa wondered what she was capable of in this situation. As she restuffed her drawstring bag, she succumbed to her curiosity and gave her ass a little twerk.

“Mmhmm just like that baby” said the woman behind her. Elisa tried a pump again, and the woman responded with an even louder moan. Intrigued as though she were in control of an excited dog—well horndog would probably fit better—she gave her left butt cheek and grabbed it with vigor, before doing the same to her right, wherein she started massaging both glutii.

She then spread her legs slightly bent over to pick up the fallen water bottle, but before reaching down she made sure to put her caramel ass on full display, anus and vulva and all the hair in the crack included. The moans from behind her became louder and faster, prompting Elisa to do a couple mini-squats to see if she could bring the stranger closer to the edge.

She grabbed her water bottle and with half-planned and half-unplanned gusto poured it on her head and shoulders, allowing the cold fluid to drip down her birthday suit. The “mmhmms” from behind her turned into “ahhhs” and the curiosity finally made Elisa turn around and watch. She could see a milky white fluid dripping from the strangers muff, which was a little surprising to say the least, as it looked kind of like semen. But Elisa knew through both her own endeavors and enough pornography that vaginal discharge was definitely different and more acidic than semen.

The feelings of the room were ultimately a jumbled mess. On one hand, Elisa was more than a tad bit uncomfortable with the arrangement, as it was the first such homosexual encounter she had, even if at a distance. On another hand, she was fascinated by other people’s sexuality, perhaps in a scientific way, but she knew that probably wasn’t all of the reason behind her ogling. And on one foot since she ran out of hands, Elisa was enjoying the voyeur-turned-exhibitionist role she inhabited, finding it oddly thrilling to break taboos and social norms, even if she was in a bit of a fatigued stupor at 5:30 in the morning. But the events of the past 6 hours had been so full of new experiences, that Elisa was more or less seeing how far she could take it, and to be frank with herself, she was kind of astonished that her libido could be this crazed for this long, typically she would only indulge herself one to three times a week, and at most once per day. But this was a new level for her.

Elisa grabbed her bathing suit top from the locker and gave her sexually crazed opposite a view of full frontal nudity. She really didn’t mind the fact that her body was all the way visible, a few communal showers will let you develop that confidence, but she was noticing the darker woman pick up the pace some. Elisa’s mind briefly went to one of the episodes of Monty Python she watched on Netflix that was titled “Full Frontal Nudity,” and how there was one joke animation where a man’s view of such was always censored in the more intimate parts. It’s a bit hard to remember in the moment, but she does remember laughing a lot during that particular episode.

The momentary lapse in her grip on reality gave Elisa the idea of teasing the woman in front of her some more. She cupped her medium sized left boob and gave her chocolate colored nipple a few lickings. She had experimented with this before, but this felt...good, or at least better than when she was by herself. She could feel her vulvular grin turn into a vaginal smile, as she intently watched the woman in front of her twist her right nipple in all different directions. Her hips started to hop off of the bench some as she did this, and her massages were now interspersed with hooking back and forth penetrations of her opening with her fingers, some back-channeling of “yes honey, keep doing that” and “I’m almost there girl, yes so hot” interrupting her usual aria of moans. Though Elisa could not make eye contact due to her autism, she was intrigued by how much she was being stared at. She was all of violated, captivated, and slightly aroused.

By the sound of the moans emanating from the echoic walls of the locker room, Elisa realized the climax was thirty seconds away. She had a decision to make: would she join the stranger and try to come to her own climax, or would she would continue this exhibitionist streak and see how much more she could tease? Not wanting to lose the position of control that she needed to occupy to quell her anxiety, she chose the latter.

“Mmhmm…...aahh…...ohhhh…...yes babe” moaned the taller woman.

Elisa took her top and threw it over her head so that her boobs were now covered and decent.

“Aw babe, I was enjoying the show!” protested the hornier one.

Elisa sort of mutter-whispered a “wait” under her breath that she wasn’t sure the other woman heard. In one fell swoop she grabbed her bathing suit bottoms and stepped into them, right leg, then left, being sure to flash her genitalia to what might as well have been the camera in the process.

“Mmmm...Awww, c’mon...ahh...you is so hot...mmm...what you tryin’a hide?”

Elisa stood square to the shower stall, leaning back slightly like in one of those realtor advertisements or political ads, and with her hands on her hips. She learned at drum corps some of the techniques to developing good posture, and one of the exorcises involved pretending that your waist or pelvis was a bowl of cereal, and that you should try not to spill it. So Elisa tipped the cereal bowl so that it spilled forwards, and then she tipped it so that it spilled back. Her rib cage and abdomen were gleaming in her lean build and caramel-colored skin. The woman in front of her shut up momentarily—well at least stopped speaking English: her moans were still plain to hear for the ear—and concentrated on Elisa’s lower body. Elisa once again bucked her hips back and spilled the soup forward, and then thrust in a more spasmodic way to make her vulva the closest organ of hers to the masturbater, leaning the rest of her body back.

“...aahh...Aaaahhh….aaaahhhh….so close...aah…”

Elisa gyrated her hips again. Then twice more. Feeling emboldened, she lifted her top up and presented her boobs that she had already exposed a few minutes ago. She continued thrusting her pelvis hands free covered by her royal blue bikini bottom. Another thrust, another moan, eleventh verse same as the first.

“...aahh...aaaahh…aaaaaaahhhhh….I’m gonna cum….I’ma cum babe!”

Elisa decided to finish the show with a bang—well not actually that far. She grabbed her bottoms with her left hand and moved them to the side and pulled them up as high as they would go, giving her left groin and ass a huge wedgie, and exposing both her pubic bush that looked like black dandelion fuzz and the increasingly pink slit between her legs. With her free fingers, Elisa started to massage her clitoris, whilst continuing to suggest intercourse with her thrusts. She had no intention of finishing here, but wanted to see if she actually enjoyed this as much as her body was showing her.

After about three seconds of this it happened.

“Ooohhhh….I’m cumming….Yeessss!!!…..Aaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!”

The dark woman orgasmed loud, probably louder than Elisa when she was with Gabe. Elisa could feel her body involuntarily convulse, but only in a way that indicated she still had another two minutes to go before climax. But that did not stop the discharge from making her fingers all slimy. The loudness made Elisa fear for anyone working at the front desk, as they might hear the commotion and think ill of the situation. As soon as the woman finished her orgasm, Elisa stopped as well. She was now keenly aware of her location, although she had momentarily forgotten the time. She had for the past two minutes been living through the experiential side of life, and now it was time for the emotions to catch up with her.

“Girl that was great, we should hang out sometime, what’s your name?”

Elisa was petrified, for some reason even though the new sexual awakening didn’t do it for her, this kind of social anxiety did. She thought ahead, about having to explain how she and this woman met, about how she might have to continue the possible farce of being bisexual, about how she would have to wave at her each time they saw each other on campus. Elisa was not about to let this incident take over her life, and she realized she really needed the z’s right now.

Before she could answer, she pulled her bikini bottom back to cover her oh-so-wet genitalia, grabbed her drawstring bag, shoved her shoes, socks, phone, and keys in there, grabbed her towel and water bottle, and bolted out the door to the locker room for the first time in five hours.

Elisa made a left turn and came to the front door of the fitness center and pushed it open with her elbow. The Adirondack September breeze of the fact that her boobs were still exposed, and she fumbled to get all three items she was carrying into one hand so she could fix it.

“¿Qué estoy haciendo?...¿qué he hecho?...soy tan idiota...soy tan estupida...¿cómo pudo pasar esto?” (What am I doing?...What have I done?...I’m such an idiot...I’m so stupid...How could this happen?) Elisa muttered to herself with a short breath. All she could think of now was that nice warm bed waiting for her at her dorm room.

Elisa ran downhill toward her dormitory, landing toe first due to her being barefoot. Some of the steps felt like she stepped on LEGO bricks, but she was determined. The aura of dawn and a third quarter moon illuminated her surroundings past what was provided by the LED streetlamps. She was to return within the next two minutes, but before that Elisa had to make sure that no one saw her in such an oddly exposed state. The campus was too small for her to get lost in the crowd unfortunately.

Elisa thought about her parents and her younger siblings, what they would think of this? Would they approve? Obviously not, my parents are as vanilla as they come, and my siblings are too young to know that these kinds of shenanigans are possible. As she ran across the main road through campus (there was no traffic at this hour), she noticed a disheveled girl walking in the opposite direction with a friend who appeared to be consoling her. The unkempt one’s cyan crop top and daisy dukes were stained with some liquid, and she seemed to have a very low morale from whatever she had going on. Elisa induced that they must have crashed at a party and are only just now completing the walk of shame with one of the girls having vomited or pissed herself or both, just like her, minus the vomiting and the crowds and the drinking.

No Elisa. Stay focused. As much as she wanted to just go to bed, one more glance behind her made her realize that all this time, she had still yet to rinse the soap out of her body. Mierda. I’m going to have to shower anyway. A ripple of fatigue swept over her from this realization, though Elisa persisted and in due time reached the entrance to her building. She dropped her water bottle and towel and fiddled around in her drawstring for her ID card to get in. The only problem was that the key card and her phone were at the bottom of the bag, and she had to unpack nearly everything—her workout clothes, her underwear stained with urine and semen, her white sports bra— before finding the familiar jingling of the lanyard her card was attached to. She opened the door and holding it open with her back, she pulled out her phone and repacked her bag before grabbing her water bottle and towel.

She jazz ran up one flight of stairs and down the hall to her room and saw the familiar pineapples with her and Jordan’s names written in sharpie, and then she pulled on the handle. But the door was locked, so she hurriedly found her key and twisted it before she had a panic attack of anyone seeing her in the well lit hallway. And just before she was able to turn the key, she hear the door across and two doors down from her open. This fright almost involuntarily pushed her through the door, where Elisa almost slammed it behind her but she stopped once she realized that Jordyn was still asleep.

Why wouldn’t she be? Not wanting to wake her roommate up and wanting to get the soap out of her as soon as possible, Elisa made a left turn past the sink and threw all of her stuff onto the floor of the shared bathroom. The anxiety was pushing her need for a bowel movement and she stripped out of her bathing suit with this in mind, but before she sat down on the toilet, she peered at the top of her drawstring bag and saw the neon-yellow boyshorts sticking out. And though she was out of breath, Elisa could not contain the intrusive thought, about that night, and Gabe, and her exhibitionism. Well, one more can’t hurt, can it?

********

Thank’s so much for reading!

This one turned out way longer than I initially anticipated, as I kind of forgot where I was going with the cliffhanger, but I was determined to finally get Elisa back to her room.

Apologies if any of this comes off as culturally insensitive, I tried my best at making diverse characters, and presenting them as realistically as I knew. As such, I wanted the one character to speak in AAVE (the “black” accent or dialect) and respect the grammar rules, similar to how many black Americans sound in their tweets. And I am learning Spanish and wanted to make sure that Elisa’s background was not separate from the story.

Any of the groups that I am trying to represent (women, LGBTQIA+, latinos/latinas, black Americans), feedback would be appreciated to make the characters more realistic (either comment here or message me directly).

Also I am considering adding a short chapter interlude chapter between here and Elisa finally getting to bed (if you can’t tell, I kind of foreshadowed more of the self-pleasuring). It will not be entirely sexual, I would intend to hone in on Elisa’s anxiety as well since I have had nights like this where there was too much going on, but let me know if you would like to read it or if I should just skip it and leave it implied.

And really any feedback would be appreciated! Is there too much sex stuff, or just the right amount? I kind of get horny every time I write so it’s a bit hard to ignore the creative freedom of my mind in those states.

Thanks and happy New Year!

