Mountain to Climb (Bree & Tam #3)

Author: Weasel

*000*2021-06-12 01:20

Hi, everyone! Sorry to take so long, but I like to keep at least a one-story buffer, and #4 (because yes, this isn't the end) is taking longer. But here's the beginning of #3 to tide you over.

We left Bree and Tam naked in the boy's shower, quite relieved in multiple ways...

###

“We should talk...”

Fear sliced through Bree so quickly it felt like the shower had gone cold. “Oh god. I… I’m… I went too far… I’m such a slut…”

Tam frowned, which she took as confirmation. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry.” She turned away from him.

“Hold up,” he said, and pulled her back towards him. He took her hands in his and raised them to his lips. He kissed them several times, slowly, and then said, “Okay. How come you thought…? No, actually, I think I can guess.” Then he hugged her. “I want to talk about what we just did so we can do it again, beautiful. I’m not breaking up with you and you didn’t go too far. You went perfectly far. Just the right amount of far.”

“Oh!” She blushed. It was practically a full-body blush, unless that was just left over from coming, or from the hot water. “I, uh… jumped to some conclusions there, huh?”

“Just a little.” He kissed her where he could reach, just above and between her breasts. Then he kissed a nipple. She shivered. “That really works for you, huh?” he said.

“So much.”

“We’ll learn every bit of each other. But one thing I just have to ask about—peeing? Needing to pee?”

“Yeah. I don’t know why. It’s so weird.”

“Eh, I’ve heard of weirder. But you get turned on by having to pee. That explains a lot, really.”

“Huh?”

“Our first kiss. You really had to go right before then. You were feeling a little turned on already, huh?”

“Oh! Yeah. Yeah, I was.”

“And so tonight you wake up and you really gotta go and we’re pretty much naked…”

“Yeah. I’ve never been so horny in my life. Sorry.”

“Why on earth…? No, I already guessed, didn’t I. But you gotta stop saying stuff like that, beautiful. Saying sorry for being horny. Calling yourself a slut. I loved it. I was really confused to begin with, I’ll admit, but I loved it.”

“Really? The peeing thing isn’t too gross for you?”

“If it gets you fired up like that, it’s not gross, it’s great. To be honest—um… something about it got me a little fired up, too. And then your jacket fell open and, well…” He shivered. “I think we’re starting to run out of hot water.”

“How are we gonna get dry? I didn’t bring a towel.”

“Why get dry here? It’s still pouring. Let’s go back to the cabin and dry off there.”

It was a weird sensation putting a rain jacket on over dripping-wet skin. It was a weirder sensation walking back through the rain wearing nothing underneath that rain jacket—Bree carried her panties clenched in one hand. But she had Tam’s hand clenched in her other, and nobody saw them anyway.

Back in the cabin, much relieved, they took turns gingerly and quietly toweling off, then climbed back into the bunk together. They were shivering from the cold by then, but the sleeping bag was warm, and now they had other ways of keeping warm, too. Before long she was getting wet again, and not from the rain—and he was hard again. But they were also worn out, with everything they’d done that night and the day before, and everything they hadn’t done, namely “get enough sleep.” So eventually they just went back to kissing, and then to cuddling, and…

###

…and then it was morning, and they both woke with a jerk as the cabin door banged shut.

Tam’s cabinmate had clearly just left. “Do you think he saw us?” Bree asked, still whispering.

“No way to know. But we should get up anyway.”

“Yeah. But first…” A quick kiss. Then another one, longer. Then a nuzzle. “Good morning, Tam,” she whispered.

“Good morning, Bree,” he answered.

They climbed down out of the bunk again, naked as they’d gotten into it, and dressed quickly. None of Bree’s stuff was exactly dry, but it would do—and the sun was plainly out. In an hour or two she’d be remembering cool and clammy clothing fondly.

She was about to head out when Tam caught her hand again. She figured he was going for a goodbye kiss, and she turned back smiling, but the look in his eye stilled her. “It’s going to be harder now,” he said.

“Yeah,” she agreed. “Can’t do this again for another two weeks.”

“Maybe not until camp is over, even,” he said. “If people catch on…”

“Oh. Right.”

“We’ll get through it. Just have to keep talking. And trusting.”

“Yeah.” She bent down and gave him that goodbye kiss anyway, short and sweet. And, she hoped, trusting.

She slipped out between the boys’ cabins and back to her own, trying to look like she had a legitimate purpose in being there. People were starting to stir. She walked quickly. Nobody said anything to her. Her cabinmate was still asleep, which was perfect—no need for explanation.

Maybe they were going to be fine.

###

“Bree? Can you come to my office, please?”

Since it was none other than Camp Director and Owner Julia Bristow asking, the only possible answer was yes, especially since “asking” was a generous way of putting it. But Bree did say, “I was going on an airport run soon…”

“Someone else will take it,” Julia said firmly.

Bree stepped into Julia’s office, where she’d never been. A woman she didn’t know, and hadn’t seen at camp before, was sitting in a chair in the corner.

“Just wait here, Bree, I’ll be back in a moment,” Julia said.

Bree looked around the office. Pictures everywhere of campers and counselors past, apparently. She tried to find more recent photos, to see if she could spot Tam, but she couldn’t pick him out. Involuntarily her eyes slid to the woman, who was on her phone. Mid-thirties? Younger than Julia but older than Bree, that was sure. Bree did notice she had lovely hair, with just a hint of red in the brown. She wished her own hair looked half as good.

The woman seemed to feel her gaze and glanced up. “Sorry,” she said. “Boyfriend, you know how it is.”

Bree grinned and nodded.

The woman opened her mouth to say something else, but just then Julia walked in. Tam trailed behind her.

“Have a seat, both of you,” Julia said, quietly.

Uh-oh. We are so busted…

“So, it’s come to my attention that you’re an item now,” Julia said. “Do people still call it that? Together, anyway.”

“If this is about last night—” Bree began.

“It isn’t,” Julia said. “At least, not just about last night.” She fell silent for a moment.

“You’ve put us in a difficult position, you two have,” she said at last. When Bree opened her mouth again, Julia held up a hand. “Look, what you do in your personal life is none of my business. And you are hardly the first couple to get together at Camp Bristow. And Bree, you’re hardly the first girl to sneak into the boys’ cabins, and vice versa. I might scold you for that, but it’s not a huge issue. You were discreet about it and it didn’t interfere with campers, since we didn’t have any last night.

“But the trouble is, we’re about to get our second group of campers, and you two are scheduled to be a trail team again. And I just don’t know if I can allow it. I don’t think you’d be off canoodling in the woods while the campers ran amok, but I do worry you’ll be distracted and not doing your best work. It could easily become a safety issue. And frankly, it could send the campers a very bad message. It’s about inclusivity here, and the team. If you two are, after a fashion, a very small team of your own, then you aren’t part of the bigger team that it’s your responsibility to form.”

She sighed. “It’s going to be awful reworking the team pairings on the fly,” she groaned. “Tam, you’re no problem, I have several younger counselors you should be fine with, but Bree, you’re brand new. Finding the right match for you in gender and experience is not going to be easy.”

“Ms. Bristow, may I say something?” Tam said.

“Go ahead.”

“Bree and I have been handling this for a week already. We’re always on our best behavior around the campers. No public displays of affection, not sharing a tent on the trail—nothing like that.”

“So I was told,” Julia said. “Really, your campers thought you were the sweetest and cutest couple ever. And they told me you were quite well-behaved.”

The kids! OMG, I never thought the kids would tattle on us…

“But I repeat: it could be detrimental to the team, and it could be detrimental to safety. And when I start using words like ‘detrimental’ you know it’s serious, because it means I’m starting to think like a lawyer. It’s no fun.” Julia made a face.

“Ms. Bristow, we can do it, we really can,” Bree said. “We’re getting better at it already, we can totally be just as responsible as if we weren’t together.”

“And we can actually be a really good role model for them,” Tam said.

Julia cocked her head. “I hadn’t considered that angle,” she said. “I wish—but no. I can’t risk it.”

“Ms. Bristow, if we could prove to you that we could be good?” Bree asked.

Julia’s eyebrows went up.

“It would save you all the reorganizing,” Tam said. “You could get back to meeting the campers, instead of shuffling papers… or even come with us. See how well we behave ourselves.”

Julia shook her head. “You know me too well, Tam. But there’s no way I could get away.” But then her eyes lit up. “Meagan?”

“I have a horrible feeling I know what’s coming,” the strange woman said.

“You did say you wanted to see how camp was run.”

“I did, didn’t I? But you’ll remember I said I wanted a sample, Julia. A two-day sample. I wasn’t signing up to be a chaperone.”

“But you’d be perfect. I’d trust your judgment over anyone else’s. Do me this favor?”

“I don’t know, Julia…”

“You said yourself you were on vacation for the next few weeks anyway.”

“I have plans, Julia.”

“Bring the boy! I’d love to meet him.”

“Julia.”

“All expenses paid. Guest of the camp. Free food, Meagan.”

“Aw, fu—!” Meagan bit off whatever word she’d had in her mouth. “This handsome fella may have your number, but you’ve got mine. I guess I’m doing this, aren’t you?”

“Yes, you are. Good! It’s settled. I need to go make an airport run—make yourself at home!” And with that Julia was gone.

“If I didn’t owe her so much…” Meagan said. “Mmmmmmmmkay. Well, here we are.” She stood up and held out her hand. “Hi, you two. I’m Meagan MacAllister, and I’ll be your nanny this week. Apparently. What’s next?”

###

And we're off! But remember the main theme of this story is the joy of watching a budding young couple... who do sexy stuff with pee on occasion. It'll be a while before we get back to that kind of action. If you're enjoying this, settle in and get comfy...

*002*2021-06-12 22:43

“What’s next,” Tam said, “is that Bree and I need to have a quick talk, privately.”

Meagan’s brows rose. “If you’re trying to get your chaperone to back off within a minute of meeting her…”

“No. We just need a quick talk. No PDA, no nothing. But communication is key, you know.”

“Do I ever. All right, I’ll be watching—but not listening.”

Tam guided Bree out into the hall—steering her by her elbow, not her hand—and left the door to Julia’s office open so Meagan could observe. “You okay with this?” he said softly.

“Yeah. Just a little harder than we expected to be.”

“Maybe, maybe not. I’m just thinking that this past week we managed to sneak a few moments for ourselves. We can’t do that any more. Not even any private conversations, after this one.”

“It’ll be okay.”

“Mmm. Two weeks without anything, though? Relationships take work. Maintenance. Communication. We can’t do any of that.”

“Yes we can.”

“Not with her watching.”

“Sure with her watching. We’ve already got one secret code, remember? High five equals a kiss.”

“Heh, that’s right.”

“And I already thought of another one. If I tell you I need a bathroom break, that’ll mean that you’re turning me on.”

He grinned. “Oooh. You’re sneaky. But what if you really do need one?”

She thought for a second. “If I want a bathroom break, you’re turning me on. If I say I need one, I actually gotta go.”

“Fine. I’ll do the same. And to tell you that… well. If I say ‘As you wish’…”

“Don’t. Way too obvious. Something like that, though.”

“ ‘However you want it.’ ”

“I haven’t thought of anything.”

“No, I meant that could actually be the code.”

“Oh, hah, I get it! Okay, are we ready?”

“You’re sure you’re okay with this? It’s going to be a long two weeks of not touching. Not doing anything. Almost like it’ll be long-distance, only we can’t even talk to each other.”

“We can totally talk to each other. There’s so much I want to know about you… and we can disguise it as getting-to-know-the-campers, too. So yes. I’m absolutely sure. I don’t want to start over with another trail team counselor. Not now.”

“All right. Then just remember, when this is all over… we will totally make up for lost time.”

“ ‘However you want it.’ ”

He grinned. “High-five.”

They did. And so it began.

###

At first it was awkward. But on reflection, none of the campers noticed; they were all awkward. And Bree was right, asking questions of the campers that they wanted to know about each other was a pretty effective method of keeping their own connection growing. (“I had no idea you were a longboarder!”) It was as if they were on a two-week-long second-or-third date, very much into each other but very much still figuring each other out… only with thirteen chaperones.

Speaking of, the kids didn’t realize that Ms. MacAllister wasn’t part of the usual Camp Bristow deal for a couple days. Tam came up with the right spin for it: “She’s observing us to see if we’re being good counselors.” And since the kids were rapidly won over, this led to much shouting at MacAllister that Bree and Tam were really good, thanks.

Tam also insisted that Ms. MacAllister participate in all the various getting-acquainted activities. So they quickly learned that she had been a camp counselor for years and years (“High school through grad school!”) and had met Julia Bristow at one of these prior camps. Apparently Camp Bristow was quite old, but ten years or so before, Julia had done a reinvention campaign. Ms. MacAllister herself was actually a therapist, specializing in family counseling, and was just on vacation. The kids demanded to know what family counseling was, and the therapist described it as “Talking out your relationship problems before you’re too angry to talk.” Which led soon after to the question “Do you have a boyfriend?” (answer: “I call him my partner, but yes”)—and, moments later, similar questions to Bree and Tam.

Bree felt her blood run cold. She couldn’t look at Tam—she knew that. Couldn’t make any acknowledgement.

And then Tam said, “Yes, I do.”

“What’s her name?”

“Bettina.”

“That’s a weird name.”

“Yes, we know.”

And all the ice melted, and Bree just grinned.

“Bree! What about you? Do you have a boyfriend?”

“Yup!”

“What’s his name?”

And suddenly Bree realized she didn’t know her lover’s actual first name. Fortunately “Quantrell” was available. It made her sound like she was dating a 6’5” Black basketball player (again—although the basketball player she’d actually dated had been named Robert and did not permit nicknames). But that was all right.

And afterward, when the kids were organizing themselves for the next activity, Bree walked past Tam, and they executed a flawless no-look high-five. Which was fairly impressive, considering the height difference.

It took four days for one of the campers to say, “You high-five a lot.”

“That’s because there’s a lot of Bree that’s worth high-fiving,” Tam said, without missing a beat. And Bree had to pretend she was coughing.

But mostly they worked hard, hard, hard. This group didn’t have an Angie or an Ian or the formidable Lynns to take charge. They had really lucked out on their first group, Bree realized. But then, when she thought back, she realized the Lynns hadn’t started as such a great team, and Ian hadn’t been a real leader until halfway through, and so really, who could tell how good this group would be?

Although it wasn’t her job, Ms. MacAllister was gradually drawn into being an auxiliary counselor, quite possibly by force of habit. She was clearly enjoying herself, too, returning to her roots. But things got particularly interesting for Bree when the woman got to the point all counselors reach, of needing to talk to someone other than a twelve-year-old. As Tam got the kids rolling on a rousing third round of “Where’s My Chicken?” Ms. MacAllister drew Bree aside and asked, “So, how long have you and Tam been an ‘item’ again?”

“Two weeks tomorrow.”

The therapist’s brows shot up. “That recent? You seem to have an extremely good rapport with him already.”

Bree shrugged. “We work together non-stop. And we’re both really big on communication.”

“I can see that,” the other said. “Even when I’m not supposed to see it.”

“Huh?”

“You and Tam have some codes going, don’t you? I don’t know what they all are, but you make each other smile a lot at unexpected moments. And all that high-fiving.”

Bree got cold again. “Ms. MacAllister…”

“Huh? Oh, call me Meagan, mmmkay? That makes me sound like I’m… forty-five or so.”

“How old are you?” Bree asked, diverted.

“Thirty-six.”

“Oh. Um. Meagan? Are you gonna tell on us?”

“Tell what on you? ‘Oh hey, Julia. These two can’t possibly work together ever again.’

‘Why not, Meagan?’

‘Oh, it’s pretty simple. They are absolutely fabulous with the kids and handle crises like champs and I have not seen one bit of inappropriate or irresponsible behavior in the entire time. They check in with each other about what they need, they trust each other, and they seem quite mature. But they have this secret code, you see. I think. Hard to tell. They might be flirting constantly, I just can’t be sure. Oh, and they high-five a lot.’ ” Meagan chuckled. “Your secret’s safe. It’s not safe with me, you understand. I just haven’t figured out what it is.”

“You’re not mad?”

“Mad? Sh—heck no. The first night I began to pick up on something, I thought, ‘Well, what if Parker and I had to be really, really subtle about how we communicated?’ And so I can hardly blame you.”

“Parker’s your partner?”

“Mmhmm.”

“How’d you two meet?”

“That is a long funny story involving college and frisbees and hedgehogs, but the short answer is that we were waiting in the same line for different reasons,.”

“Hedgehogs?”

“Well, we met and then we had to re-meet, since we forgot about each other, but… y’know, I can’t do the story justice right now.”

“But it was back in college? And you’ve been together ever since?”

“Yup!”

“What’s your secret?”

Meagan laughed. “Not much to it, really. Lots of good communication, surviving some tough times together, building lots of trust. Throw in some great sex and that’s it, really.”

“I’m just curious.”

“Oh, I know why you asked. I can’t offer you much reassurance, hon, not on the strength of a two-week relationship. I’ll say this, though. If the two of you handle your relationship as well as you handle these campers, you’ll be fine.” She chuckled. “They used to say the real test of a relationship was being able to set up a tent in the rain. If you didn’t kill each other in the process, it was meant to be. I’d say that ‘supervising twelve pre-teens 24-7’ might be an acceptable substitute. And you’re pulling it off.”

That gave Bree a warm-glow sort of feeling that she held onto the rest of the day.

It wasn’t the only thing she held onto, either. She was quite, quite eager to pee by the end of the day, but she’d made herself wait. She couldn’t have Tam touching her down there—or anywhere—and she couldn’t really safely touch herself, either. So the way she dealt with the sexual tension she was working up was through the pee thing. Which was still weird. But Tam had said he liked it. Hadn’t he? That whole night was becoming a blur. A warm, delicious blur. She could hardly wait until they could do that again. Or, if not the weird peeing thing, then something. Something all grown-up and sexual and explode-y.

For now, though, the only thing exploding was her bladder. She stood, cross-legged but looking casual with her crossed arms, as the girls cleared out of the bathroom. Then at last she could step into the stall. She unbuttoned her shorts, dropped them and her panties to her knees, sat herself down—and held it for just a moment longer, savoring the pressure and the memory. Tam had been standing right next to her…

At last she had to let go. Impossible to wait any longer under the circumstances. The relief filled her. Not quite like coming. But it was something.

*006*2021-06-24 05:35

Thanks, y'all. I wasn't really planning on including Meagan either, but somehow she just showed up. I can't seem to quit those two (Meagan and Parker) and in fact have a couple of stories slooooowwwwly brewing in the background. But frankly, Bree and Tam are quite similar, just with the genders inverted.

@Melificentfan

: Good question. I keep going back and forth on that myself; clearly here they are together, many years later. But Meagan has that thing about commitment... anyway, this next installment at least raises the issue!

###

“Well,” Meagan said, “I’ll be hitting the road soon.”

“You aren’t coming with us on the overnight?” Bree asked.

“I have to say, I am tempted. This wasn’t how I planned to spend my week, but it’s been a ton of fun. But I don’t have a tent or a sleeping bag with me.”

“I thought you said you were going backpacking after this.”

"Yeah, but Parker’s meeting me, and he’s got the gear.”

The kids, hearing that Meagan was about to depart, begged her to stay.

“Sorry, you all,” she said. “My guy’s already on the way.”

“He can come with us!”

“Yeah, just bring him!”

“We have plans, y’know!” Meagan shot back.

“Nobody’s going anywhere until our bags are packed,” Tam said warningly, and the kids scrambled.

“ ‘Plans,’ ” Meagan said, making the air-quotes with her fingers.

“Yeah, I can’t think why you’d want to not be around twenty-four kids when you and your boyfriend meet up,” Tam said.

“This guy gets it,” Meagan said.

“Believe me,” Tam said. “I do.”

Meagan smiled sympathetically. “Yeah.” She patted him on the shoulder—and then reached up to do the same for Bree. “Just another week, right?”

They sighed, simultaneously, and Meagan just about laughed her head off.

“What? What?” the kids demanded, coming back with their bags.

“Nothing,” Meagan said. “Grown-up stuff.”

“That means they were talking about sex,” one of the boys put in.

“Nuh-uh,” Meagan said. “It might have been drugs. Or rock ‘n roll.”

“Taxes,” Tam said.

“Buying cars,” Bree suggested.

“Taxes don’t make people laugh that hard,” said the same boy.

“He’s got a point,” Meagan said.

“So first you say you’re not coming with us, and then you won’t let us in on the joke?”

“Yeah, Ms. Meagan! You gotta come!”

“All right, all right! I’ll check with my partner.”

The phone call revealed that Parker-the-Partner had been late to depart, and wouldn’t reach Camp Bristow until nearly nightfall anyway. “Three extra days to get ready, and he’s still late,” Meagan said, shaking her head fondly. “He’s been working hard lately, I’ll admit.”

“Okay, so you can come, right?” the kids demanded.

“He’s making you wait, you should make him wait!”

A bemused look crossed Meagan’s face—that and a shiver. Which was strange, since it was… wait for it… New Mexico in the summer. “It doesn’t work that way… well, I mean, we… um.” She started over. “Reciprocity is a good basis for a relationship, but not negative reciprocity.”

“What does that mean?”

“It means it’s good to give back to your partner, but not get back at your partner. Does that make sense?”

“Oh. Yeah. I guess.”

“So if your partner liked waiting… or was willing to wait for you… anyway. Payback makes for breakups. Let’s just put it that way. And Parker and I have had too many close calls for that.”

“You mean you don’t want to risk it?”

“No, I mean that we’ve survived so many close calls, and come through them stronger, that by now you couldn’t break us up with a crowbar.”

“Are you gonna get married?”

Meagan laughed. “That’s a pretty personal question, isn’t it?”

“That means no.”

“That or it’s about taxes,” Tam muttered. Bree high-fived him.

“Anyway,” Meagan said. “As it is, I will come with you overnight. Parker will have to find a place to sleep around here somewhere, and we’ll start our backpacking trip tomorrow when we get back. Just need a tent and a bag from Julia for tonight.”

The kids cheered.

Out on the trail, Bree found herself hiking alongside Meagan. The campfire sing-along the night before had gotten Bree’s campers singing Disney songs, and so during yet another rendition of “Let It Go”, they could do a little more “woman talk.”

“So yesterday you mentioned great sex…”

“Bree, before we go any further, I need to tell you that I usually charge sixty an hour for these kinds of conversations, and that even then I keep my private life—well, private.”

“Oh, sorry!”

“I do take it that you and Tam have been sexually active. And you can guess that Parker and I are as well. And that’s about all the details we’re going to go into.”

“Well—yeah. It’s just that… with Tam… it was weird.”

Meagan gave her a look. “Did you feel unsafe? Or that boundaries were crossed?”

“No! Well, not once we talked it out. But—”

“And you had fun?”

“Um, yeah. It’s just—”

“If you felt safe, and all your boundaries stayed intact, and you had a good time, then Bree, there’s nothing weird about it. Except that not everyone is so lucky, unfortunately.”

“But what we did—”

“Bree, but nothing. There’s an enormous range of sexual experience in this species of ours. You should see what Parker and I get up to.” She got a squinty look. “Well. No, you shouldn’t see that, because what we do is not your business and we’re not exhibitionists. Just rest assured, whatever you and Tam want to do will be just fine as long as you keep talking, keep respecting, and keep giving.”

“I do try to be GGG.”

The other woman nodded. “That’s a decent guideline.”

“I just—my parents weren’t strict, but we went to church and all… Meagan, after Tam and I… did stuff, I called myself a slut.”

Meagan sighed. “Okay, yeah, that sounds like you could use a little therapy, hon, and I’d definitely have to start charging at that point. Or, alternatively, you could get yourself used to it. Just have fun, you and Tam, and see if you’re still having that reaction after a few times.”

After that they had to talk about something else, because the protective cover of Frozen songs had tapered off. (“Do You Want To Build a Snowman?” had broken the chain, for obvious reasons.)

That night, after the cooking was done and the tents put up and the kids put into the tents, Bree and Tam met in the middle.

“Good day today,” Tam said.

“Teamwork makes the team work,” Bree answered.

“You mean dream.”

“Nah, we’re the teamwork and they’re the team.”

“Ah, got it.”

They high-fived—gently, so as not to stir up the barely-bedded campers. But a gentle high-five was just asking for trouble. Their fingers curled around each other and squeezed.

They leaned a little closer.

“Meagan’s onto us,” Bree whispered.

“Is she watching?”

“Don’t think so. But…”

“Better not, huh?”

“Nope. But now I want a bathroom break. And also need one.”

“Me too.”

It was hard to pry their fingers apart, but they managed. And it was hard to head off into the woods in opposite directions, but they managed that too. But off in the trees, with her back to a trunk, her shorts at her ankles, thinking of their first kiss, it was hard not to slip a finger between her legs. And she couldn’t manage that.

###

The next day, after returning to camp, Julia Bristow came around to say goodbye to Meagan, and Meagan called Tam and Bree over.

“This is an incredible team you’ve got here, Julia. Perfectly behaved. Even last night when they thought I wasn’t watching. I’d think you’d be a fool to break up this act.”

“I hoped I wouldn’t have to—but as good as that?”

“These two work together like they’ve been at this for years, not weeks.”

“Well, then!” Julia said. “You’re still on probation, you two—but I’m glad it’ll work out. Meagan, your nice young man is taking some pictures up the hill. Shall I go fetch him?”

“Which way did he go? …Oh, I see him. No thanks, I’ll go get him myself. But here are your sleeping bag and tent. Thanks for the loan.”

“Ah, good. I’ll drop these off… a lot to do. Don’t leave without saying goodbye, now.”

“Of course not.”

With Julia headed off, Meagan turned back. “All right, you two, now you’ve got to be good all on your own. You’ve impressed me, I’ve got to admit. But you’ve got a tough mountain to climb. Keep talking and be good to each other, even when you don’t think you can be. Especially then.”

“Thank you, Meagan,” Bree said.

“Oh, you’re quite welcome.” Meagan turned toward the hill with a look in her eyes that Bree hadn’t seen. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to go hug someone a lot.” She strode off.

“I hope someone will look at me like that, even when I’m not looking,” Tam said.

Working on it, handsome.

And then he looked at her, and her heart melted and poured down through the rest of her, taking out her knees in the process. She couldn’t bear to high-five him or use any code. It was a moment that called for a kiss. She couldn’t do that, and she couldn’t do less. All she could do was look back at him, helpless.

“Oh,” he said, very very softly. “There it is.”

The moment couldn’t last. Moments never do. But there are other moments.

As they started wrangling campers, Bree glanced over her shoulder up the hill. Meagan had apparently broken into a run.

###

(I promise there's omo in this story somewhere)

*008*2021-06-29 04:00

And now -- finally -- for the thrilling conclusion!

Thank you all for your patience. This is the end of this chapter... which means, yes, the next chapter is written as well!

###

With a rambunctious group, and no Meagan (and, apparently, still no Angies or Lynns either), the rest of the week was hard work indeed. Bree usually collapsed into her bunk or her bag and was asleep in moments, too tired even to dream. But, oddly, this meant the week flashed past. And their second group of campers was out the door and homeward bound, and it was another Saturday night at Camp Bristow, and the counselors were unwinding. When there wasn’t a monsoon—as there had been two weeks before, on that memorable night—this usually meant a bonfire. No s’mores, though—they’d had enough sugar with the kids. But water bottles appeared and were passed around, full of mysterious fluids that hit the tongue hard and burned. Bree was underage, of course, not that anyone cared or was checking. She’d had some drinks before, and she took a few sips to be social. But there was something else intoxicating her.

Tam drank a little deeper. She knew because they were sitting side by side on one of the logs set around the big bonfire site, and Tam had his arm around her waist, and she had her arm around his shoulders, and everyone was cool with it and nobody seemed surprised. And since she and Tam weren’t making a big deal out of it, nobody else was.

But it felt so good to lean on him. It felt so good to touch him, to hug him properly. She’d been afraid at first, but Tam had taken her hand as they walked out to the fire, and when she froze up for a second, he just gave her a reassuring squeeze, said “It’ll be all right,” and held on. And Bree realized a few minutes later that when she’d felt that spike of fear, she could have pulled her hand away—but the thought had simply never crossed her mind.

And she ached to hold him, ached to hold him properly… but that seemed a step too far, in the crowd of counselors. And she was just really, really tired. “I think we need to put this one to bed,” she heard Tam say, and before long someone was helping Tam lead her back to her cabin.

“We didn’t get a chance to do anything,” she whispered to him. “Or talk.”

“We can do all that later,” he promised.

“Promise?”

“Promise.”

###

And then it was the last day of camp.

They’d stolen a few moments here and there. Through their encoded conversations they’d gotten to know each other a lot better. But they’d had no chance to talk about the future. That wasn’t the kind of question you could ask indirectly via pre-teens. Bree now knew Tam quite well and Tam knew her, but they didn’t know them. Together. And it had been almost a month since that night in the bathroom with nothing more than a few secret kisses and a whole lot of high-fiving.

Then their last campers were gone, and there was plenty of daylight left, and they didn’t have to be anywhere, and Tam turned to Bree and said, “Let’s go.”

“Go where?”

“Anywhere. Away from here.”

Bree felt a little tingle down in her groin. Need to pee? Need to fuck? She couldn’t tell and decided it didn’t matter.

Out of habit they went on the main camp hike, the one they took every kid on for Day One (and then several times after that). Only at Tam’s suggestion they went up it backward, doing the hard steep part first.

At first it was nothing but quick hiking and huffing and puffing. But they’d been out on the trails for six weeks now, and the “hard way” was actually quite easy. The only reason they were even short on breath was because they were scrambling up the slope so quickly. And the only reason they were doing that… well, why were they going so fast?

To get up to the meadow at the top, of course—and to have more time together once they got there. But the other reason, Bree felt, was that after a month of enforced waiting, neither one was ready to break the silence yet. Neither one was ready to speak to what would happen tomorrow. Better to focus on gaining altitude, to focus on sore but strong muscles being asked to do one more climb.

They burst out onto the meadow at the top of the hill, out into the late-afternoon sunlight and the wide-angle view. And then, since it was (one more time!) New Mexico in the summer, and the hottest part of the day no less, the first thing they did was take big gulps from their water bottles.

“I’ve never been up here alone,” Bree said. “So quiet.”

“Nice to just be able drink it in as a place, not a picnic, huh?”

They found a spot to sit: a grassy patch with their backs to sun-warmed stone. They sat down side by side and looked out at the mountains in the distance.

“Hard to believe we’ve climbed some of those,” Bree said.

“This whole camp’s been hard to believe.”

“In a bad way?”

“Well, there were some parts I’d rather we hadn’t had to go through… but no. Not at all.” He turned to look at her, and she melted all over again.

Do you want to talk about tomorrow? She thought it, and almost said it… instead she leaned forward to kiss him.

When the kissing finally broke, the sun had noticeably lowered in the sky, and Tam was on top of her. She felt all the familiar aching of her arousal—or was that pee? At this point, she could barely tell the difference.

“My god,” Tam said. “We needed that.”

“Too long.” She giggled nervously. “I was worried we’d forgotten how. Or that we wouldn’t want to.”

“Hah. Wrong and wrong. We just proved that.”

They spent the next minute hugging.

“Missed you,” Bree whispered.

“Me too. So much.”

“I mean, we were together every day, but… you know what I mean.”

“Mmhmmm.” Another kiss, tender. Then Tam kissed her nose, to make her giggle, and her cheek… and her neck… and his hands started to move across her body…

“Wait,” she said.

He pulled back and waited.

“Is this the last time?”

“Huh?”

“If this is the last time… well, I want to make it really good for you. As good as I can.”

“Do you want it to be the last time?”

“Tam, tomorrow we’re going home. I might never see you again!”

“Is Skype is a thing that exists?”

“Yeah…”

“Silly one. All we have to do is call each other and we can see each other any time.”

“But we can’t hold each other. Can’t… y’know…”

“Have really good sex?”

“Yeah, that.”

“Y’know, cutie, if we’re gonna be having sex, you should probably be able to say the word.”

“Okay. Sex. Which I totally want, by the way. I just…”

“Wanted to make it good.” He ran his fingers through her hair. “Double silly. We can make it good no matter what. We should make it good every time.” He grinned. “See what I did there?”

“Huh?”

“ ‘Every time.’ As in ‘many more times.’ If you’re willing, of course.”

“Oh!” That called for more kissing. She hoped that was enough of an answer.

“After all,” he gasped when she finally let him up for air, “I kinda feel like I promised you a bed next time…”

“This right here is just fine by me, Tam Quantrell.”

“You’re just saying that because so far all we’ve had was a top bunk and a shower stall. Next time…”

“Next time is next time. Right now we’re here and we’ve got a whole mountain to ourselves.”

“We do. But I just want to point out that we’re both about to be a little flush. Paychecks tonight. Paychecks that we can turn into plane tickets. You want to come visit me in Boston?”

“Yes please!”

“A room to ourselves… a real bed… protection…”

“I said yes.”

“I know. Just looking forward to it.”

“Tam?”

“Hmm?”

“I’m looking forward to it, too, but can we please please please have sex now?”

They made out like they’d found water in the desert, thirsty beyond belief. Their hands went everywhere, and under everything. Shirts came off. Shorts tried to come off but boots had to go off first (and then socks). And then they were just in their underwear and still kissing like mad. And Tam’s hand slid up her inner thigh and she felt like she almost came just from that alone. She was so desperate for release that it didn’t take long before she really did come, fast and hard.

“Stop, stop,” she gasped—she was so sensitive that she couldn’t bear his fingertips on her clit any more.

“Did I hurt you?” he asked.

“No way. Just the opposite…”

“You came that fast? We hadn’t even gotten our clothes all the way off.”

This was true—she was still in her bra and panties, although the latter were somewhat twisted. And Tam was still in his boxer briefs, with a pronounced bulge.

“Yeah. After a month of ‘almost but not quite’…”

“Mmhmm. But honestly, I wouldn’t mind a little more.”

“Oh! Well, it’s obviously your turn.”

“No, I meant doing more for you. I hadn’t tried out anything I wanted to.”

“Sorry!”

“Well, I bet you’ll like my solution.”

“Hmmm?”

“We’ll just go again. But not yet.”

“I could work on you…”

“Nah, I can wait.” He kissed her shoulder. “Wanna put clothes back on?”

“Not really. We’d just have to take ‘em off again. Why?”

“Because at least one of us is gonna burn without sunscreen. And we’re definitely both gonna get bit without bug spray.”

“Did we bring any?”

“Got some right here in my bag. A camp counselor is always prepared.”

“Oh, and can I have more water?”

They started slathering sunscreen on each other. Which somehow led to her bra coming off. “I see,” she said. “This was all just a play to get me naked.”

“You’re the one who was literally begging for sex a few minutes ago. Didn’t think I really needed to talk you into it…”

They kept their underwear on. There was the possibility that other counselors would come up the trail, though it wasn’t too likely. Bree put her shirt down underneath her on the warm rock and lay face-down, silently savoring the pressure this placed on her bladder, and the pressure this placed in turn on her clit. Tam lay down next to her. They made out, more sedately, for a little while.

“I’m worried I’m gonna fall asleep again,” Bree said.

“Again?”

“Our night off two weeks ago.”

“I didn’t mind that. We were still on probation. If we’d run off to the woods people would have seen us and reported it. Instead I quite publicly put you to bed with your cabinmate’s help. No trouble.”

“Oh! That was smart.”

“Yeah, I can’t say I thought of it until right then, and you were too tired for me to try and explain it in code. But if you’re worried about falling asleep…” He gently pinched her.

“Hey.”

“It’ll keep you awake, won’t it?”

“I guess so.”

“If that’s not enough, then let me try this.” And he snaked a finger underneath her to stroke the underside of her boobs.

This led to more making out, and more feeling each other up—gently, this time, and at a much more reasonable pace. Bree pulled Tam close and hugged every inch of him, wrapping her legs around him. This brought his bulge right up against her crotch. It pressed against her bladder delightfully.

“I wish we could fuck,” she said. “I like having you there.”

“We will. In a real bed.”

“But I wanna make you come.”

“You did that with your hand just fine.”

“No, I want you to come in me.”

“Well, there are other ways of doing that. Your boobs are a little too small for one trick, though if you’re that sensitive it might be really nice for you—but you could definitely give me a blow job.”

“I did that once for my ex. He said I wasn’t good at it.”

“Did he offer to teach you?”

“No…”

“Anyone else ever teach you?”

“No.”

“And did he say it just that way? That you weren’t good?”

“Yeah, he did.”

“And you’ve got a thing about that word, I know. But think about it. Someone says you’re no good at something, but doesn’t tell you how to get better? That’s on them.”

“You are amazing, Tam.”

“Well, if you want to reward me…”

“Yes. Yes I do.”

“And you want to learn…”

She was already pulling at his briefs.

“Still gonna have to wait, though.”

“Huh?”

“Condoms, hon. Condoms.”

“Damn it!”

“Hey.” He kissed her and gave her a firm look. “First: safety first.”

She giggled. He pressed on, undeterred. “Second: we’re totally gonna get a chance. And third, you’re doing pretty well with your hand already…”

“Oh!” She’d forgotten that she’d been holding him, and she gave him several quick strokes.

“Hmmm, I can show you a few tricks about that, too…”

So Tam gave Bree a little Hand Job 101—“If we had some lube you could grip tighter than that. As it is, better to just go light and take our time”—and this filled quite a few pleasant moments.

But moments weren’t the only things filling up. Bree could no longer lie on her belly, as this put too much pressure on her bladder. And soon she was starting to squirm around. Which, combined by what she was doing with her hand, was turning her on plenty, so that was fine. But then all the extra water they’d chugged after hustling up the trail hit her, and suddenly she had to grab herself with her free hand.

“Not so sensitive any more?” Tam said. “Ready for more from me?”

“Maybe,” she said. “I just gotta pee.”

Through her hand, she felt his pulse pick up (since she was holding his hard-on). “Do you like that?” she asked.

“I kinda do,” he said. “I mean, I like you in general.”

“Why? I mean, it turns me on because it’s pressure on my clit. But why for you?”

“Not sure, really. Something about you grabbing and squirming…”

“Do you want me to pee for you?”

“In a minute,” he said. “But can you hold it for me for a little longer? There’s something I want to experiment with.”

“What?”

“Can you wait until I tell you to go? And then go right then?”

“Probably? I really need to go, though.”

“I just want to see if it’s a control thing… Besides, it’s helping you out, isn’t it?”

“Yes.”

“Mmmm. Okay. Let’s try this. Can you lean back against me? It’s a really good position for me to get you off with my hands.”

“But I want to make you come.”

“You will.”

“It’s your turn.”

“This is more about giving than taking turns.”

“Well… okay…” She leaned back between his legs. His arms slipped around her hips and down her panties. The heel of his palm put more pressure on her bladder, but this helped his fingers. And his fingers barely needed any assistance at all.

They took it slower this time, deliciously slow ecstasy. Her pee was screaming for release but the rest of her was moaning with delight. As before, she was panting for release of more than one kind.

“Talk to me, Bree,” he whispered in her ear. Well, into her shoulder. “Let me know when you’re close to coming.”

“I’m getting there. I’m close. Really close.”

His fingers slowed. “Let’s stand up.”

She felt weak at the knees, but she managed.

“Can I take your panties off?”

“If you take your underwear off too…”

“Of course.”

Dropping her panties nearly made her leak, and she said so. To hold on she had to cross her legs. But then she was distracted by his freed-up hard-on. She stroked him more, and he didn’t tell her to stop. Instead his fingers slipped between her squirming thighs.

“Still need to pee?” he asked her.

“Uh-huh.” It was about as much communication as she could manage between panting breaths.

“Don’t let go. Not until you come.”

“Okay…”

“Close to coming?”

“So close… I’m… almost…”

His fingers slowed their stroking. She whined in frustration.

“Just making you wait a tiny bit more,” he said. “But not long.” And indeed, as soon as he’d finished saying it, his stroking picked up speed.

“Oh my god. Oh my god, Tam, Tam, yes, thank you TAM…”

Explode-y. Just like she wanted. And then, just a few seconds later—explode-y again. The other way, this time.

“Good job, Bree,” he said. Gasped, really.

Her pee was arching out from her. She’d never seen that before. But the firehose pressure in her bladder was pushing it out and down the hill, sparkling in the sunlight. For a moment, he joined her with an arc of fluid of his own, in a couple big spurts.

She staggered as the double relief washed over her. Tam could barely hold her up, but he managed. What was more of a problem was that she got pee all over her legs before she could straighten out again. The hose was a garden hose now, not a fire hose, and spraying more down than out—but it was still coming and there was nothing she could do to stop it.

“Y’know, that looks like a good idea,” Tam said, and started peeing himself. When he was finished, she was still peeing.

When she was finally done, he laid her back against the stone once again, and poured water from the bottle over her legs to wash them off. Then he kissed her, over and over again.

“That was so good, Bree,” he said between one kiss and the next. “You were so good.”

“Yeah?” she asked, breathless, elated.

“Amazing. Just amazing.” He leaned close. “I am so in love with you.”

She kissed him back, more ardently than ever. “I love you too, Tam. I love you…”

But the sun was starting to set.

“We should head back,” he whispered after a while.

“Don’t wanna.”

“I don’t want to, either. If we could stay up here forever, I’d be glad to. But I didn’t bring much food.”

They got dressed slowly (her legs had dried quickly) and reluctantly left the meadow.

“Still don’t want to go.”

“There will be other mountain meadows.”

“Not many mountains in my town, love.”

“Not in Boston, either. It’s a metaphor.”

“Yeah. I know.”

###

His flight out was midmorning. She wrangled a seat in the first van to the airport, even though her flight wasn’t until well after noon. They sat together in the back seat and didn’t say anything, didn’t kiss, just held each other tightly for the drive down.

They went through security together, holding hands except for the x-ray. They went to his gate together, backpacks slung over opposite shoulders, handclasp swinging between them. And not two minutes after they got there the agent at the gate started calling pre-boarding, and suddenly all six weeks came boiling down to ten minutes left. All they could do was hug each other.

“Crap!” he said.

“What?”

“Do I actually have your number? Haven’t needed it…”

“Oh no!”

They quickly confirmed that yes, they’d already exchanged numbers, and then went back to hugging.

And then his row was called, and she started crying. And then she felt horribly embarrassed, and thought he must be feeling the same, and apologized.

“No shame at all,” he said. His eyes were glistening a little too. “Just the opposite. I’m honored.”

And then he really couldn’t wait any longer. But he held up a hand, and then her tears really started to flow.

“You gonna leave me hanging here or what?” he asked, gently.

OMG. This guy. She high-fived him, clumsily.

“Still counts,” he said. “I’ll see you soon.”

And then, just like that, he was gone.

She cried for what felt like an hour. But as she flew home, eyes still red, she held onto two words: “honored” and “soon.”

###

These two are... well, they're already pretty warmed up! But there's more to come, definitely. The next one has a much better omo-to-narration ratio, I promise. And the one after that... you'll see.

But I hope you've already enjoyed this as much as I have. Telling this tale has helped assuage my COVID loneliness, and helped scratch my itch for massive character development.

