Impossible To Make It

Author: Wettingfan

*000*2012-10-26 14:31

All they could say was that she was hot. Tight, denim shorts that covered half her thighs, a shirt tighter than anyones they've ever saw and long, silky blonde hair. A perfect body figure if there ever was one. New kids didn't get better than this.

Kaylie was new to the town, obviously, and had just started school today. She decided earlier that morning to drink a few cups of juice and coffee to keep her happy and from biting anyones head off. She wasn't that good with some people. The first class of the day was Language Arts, a simple class, usually filled with kids incompetent and unknowing of the difference between a noun and a verb. The reason she thought of them as incompetent is because she was a writer herself. She knew most books on the teachers book shelf front to back. Kaylie didn't look like the language type, she really didn't. 

She looked more like the slutty - kiss - all - the - boys type. Suddenly, the bell had rang for first period. Kaylie just sat at the back on a ledge, waiting for the teacher to come in and assign her a seat. Within not even twenty seconds of the bell, the teacher was in the class. Mrs. Darksi. Mrs. Darksi was a rather strict teacher, but she didn't show it in her words, only in deeds. She had a soft voice which annoyed everyone. She looked at Kaylie, stroking her chin, attempting to find a place to seat her.

" Oh! " she suddenly remembered. " I must run you through the classroom rules very quickly, " she said in her usual voice.

" Uhm .. Okay, " replied Kaylie.

" First off, no leaving the class. Its a respect thing. One does not leave a room just to go potty and come back two minutes later. You can hold it. " She said.

This immediately striked a thought in Kaylie's head and she drifted off, nodding as the teacher kept going on the rules. Kaylie had a pathetic bladder that had almost failed her many, many, many times. She knew the coffee and juice would hit her this period. The period's were eighty minutes long! Hardly even a few seconds after the thought of it, she realized her bladder was filling up. Fast.

" So, that should be it, welcome to the classroom! " Mrs. Darksi finished, then pointed to an empty desk by the window for her to sit in.

Kaylie didn't know how she was going to do this. She didn't want to pee her shorts. Especially not on the first day of school. Especially with everyone eyeballing her and checking out her ass, which is exactly where all the pee would spread. And not even her parents would be able to drop off spare clothes for her! They were both at work! She squished her thighs together as the first bladder contraction occured, and only ten minutes into class. This was really bad. It was a good thing this was just a lecture period about all the different grammar variants and so forth. 

So she just looked out the window and drifted off, reminding herself every so often to keep pressure on her crotch so she didn't leak. About a half hour later she awoke from a long daydream about meeting a perfect boy to hear the sound of rain. ' Oh no .. ' she thought, looking down at her crotch. ' Ohh, thank God I'm still dry! '. Now her bladder wanted to explode. She doubled over in her chair in brutal bladder pain. Mrs. Darski was at the front, still lecturing. Luckily Kaylie sat alone. She knew what was going to happen. She didn't want to admit it or think about it, but Kaylie knew her shorts weren't leaving this room dry.

Ten minutes had passed and Kaylie's dilemma was at a peek. She was trying her hardest to hold herself without the class noticing, some still checking her out. She could feel tears of frustration in her eyes, and her mind was going crazy about the question ' What if I peed myself ? '. Nobody would date her then. Even if she was the hottest gir in the school, and she peed herself, nobody would. Not even a girl. She was sort of bisexual. She suddenly felt warmth in her crotch. ' Ohh noo.. I leaked.. ' She thought saddly, looking down. A tiny drible of pee made its way through her shorts and dripped onto the seat. Then another.

Drippppp....

' Ohhhh .. Please no.. '

Drippppp....

' Please, I can't pee myself.. '

Drripppp...

' Ohhh my .. '

The four drips tortured her. Her tight, white panties were probably more yellow than her face was red. Her shorts showed a small wet spot, about the size of a key on a keyboard. Hardly noticeable, but there, for everyone to see. Suddenly, she saw the drips on the chair soaking in to her shorts. Her beautiful butt felt wet.

' Nooo.. '

This was it. Thirty to forty minutes left and she was going to wet herself. This was it. It was not humanly possible to keep the urine inside her anymore.

She let go.

It came out of her fast. Dampening her panties, then her shorts. Her chair looked like a spoon being overfilled with urine. It was straight yellow. Her face burned red and tears rolled down her face as pee hissed out of her and into her shorts. It went everywhere. The puddle expanded around her desk, her thighs and crotch area felt warm. She realized she had a few more drips left in her. She let go again and they dripped down her leg. Everybody saw what happened. Her social life was ruined, more than her wet, pissy shorts and panties.

Humiliation. Kaylie sat there, crying as the teacher walked out of the room furiously. All the kids looked away and took this time to converse among each other instead of ridicule the girl who just pissed herself. Suddenly, a boy from the front row came back to her. She noticed this one hadn't checked her out at all this period. Why was he talking to her now?

" Hey.. I uhm, saw your accident. " He said, trying to sound casual. " And I just wanted to offer you my jacket, or my Gym shorts or something. I'm Marcus, " the boy said, handing her his jacket.

" Oh m God.. Thank you so much.. I'm Kaylie, " she replied. " So, you aren't going to make fun of me for wetting myself? " She inquired.

" It can happen to anyone. Its not your fault. Don't think to much of it. Come to my locker between classes, I'll give you my Gym shorts. Its 231. See you later, " he said, ending the conversation. Suddenly, another girl approached her. " Hey.. I'm Brooke. I saw you had this .. Accident and I just want to tell you its Okay.. I had one in Math last week. Don't worry, " she said smiling, then walking back to her desk as the teacher re-entered the room.

' Maybe this day won't be so bad ' she thought, squishing her butt in the still warm pee and sticky shorts/panties.

