The Surrogate Baby

Author: writeandleft

*007*2013-06-22 12:12

{{:

This story disturbs me a little. The fact she just came out of an abusive relationship and into another. That would be hell, and she isn't bothered by it.

}}

Is it the consensus that I should stop posting this? Please let me know. I don't want to offend anyone.

CHAPTER FIVE: NO, I’M NOT DOING THIS IN PUBLIC

The evening passed by uneventfully. During dinner, Violet sat me in the couch in front of the TV and she and Jeff ate without me. When dinner was finished, Jeff came out to watch TV and Violet led me by the hand into the kitchen. “Time for your dinner,” she said and sat me down at the table.

I looked around the kitchen for the steaks I smelled earlier, but I couldn’t see them. I only saw the juices on the dirty plates they had eaten their medium rare steaks upon. Instead she went to the cupboard and brought out two small jars.

“What’s that?” I asked. “What happened to all that delicious steak I smelled?”

“The steaks were good, but you are now my baby. I have special food for you.” She set the jars down in front of me and I groaned when I saw they were baby food.

“Mashed peas and mashed green beans?” I asked. “You expect me to eat that?” I wasn’t going to eat it no matter what she did. “I am an adult and need real food.”

She continued to open the jar of peas and then took a spoonful of the nasty green paste and pushed to at my mouth. I wanted to gag just from the smell of it. I turned my head to avoid it, and Violet gave me her look again. It was that cross between disappointed and anger. I still was unmoved.

She caught me by the chin. “The least you can do is play along. I gave you an adult meal at lunch and I did spend quite a bit of money buying you new clothes. You also told me that you would let me treat you like a baby.”

I didn’t mean to live on baby food. I never even meant to let it progress beyond her bathing me and helping me in the bathroom. “But, I--,” I started to say. I was interrupted by a spoonful of the peas entering my mouth. Talk about bland. Baby food is really disgusting. I am used to food that has salt to bring the flavor out. Even so, I never could bring myself to eat peas. Even whole peas disgusted me. These were mashed peas. I swallowed. “You could have at least got fruit or something.”

Another spoon full entered my mouth. I got smart and closed my mouth, but the next spoonful kept coming. “Come on and open the tunnel so the train can come in.”

I shook my head, but the spoon came anyway and splattered on my face. “You are a messy baby,” she said and continued to feed me. By the time both jars of baby food were empty, I was a yucky mess. I felt horrible. She kept tricking me into talking and then fed me as soon as I opened my mouth.

I didn’t feel full, but I was just glad it was over by the time she cleaned my face and set me back in the living room by the TV so she could do the dishes.

I sat by Jeff as he watched a crime show. He looked at me a few minutes and then asked me a question. “Beth, are you wearing adult diapers?”

I felt my face flush with embarrassment and reached toward the back of my shirt. It had ridden up, revealing the top of my diaper.

“Don’t worry. I am sure you will be back to normal as soon as you get those casts off.”

I had to tell him how she was treating me. He would put a stop to it no doubt. “Um Jeff,” I started.

“Thank you for coming to live with us,” he said.

“Oh, yes. Thank you for taking care of me,” I said. I couldn’t complain to Jeff now. He was being so nice to me.

When the dishes were done, Violet took me upstairs to my bedroom. This time I peed my diaper so I wouldn’t leak in my crib. I had a slight cramp like I needed to poop, but I was not about to stand there and poop myself. She laid me on the floor and changed my wet diaper.

I lay in bed in a dry diaper and cuddled with my adult sized pillow and blanket.

###

The next morning I woke up and immediately peed my diaper. I still had to poop and it was a bit more urgent then it had been last night, but there was no way I was going to let poop out into my diaper and feel it smear against my skin. I was going to hold out for a toilet. I laid back in my wet diaper and waited for Violet to get me.

She did after awhile. “We got a busy day ahead of us,” she said.

I sat up in the crib. “Where are we going?” I asked.

“We are going to a party.” She pulled down the gate to the crib and then reached for my diaper. She put a finger inside the leg. “Oh my, you are wet. We’ll get you a bath and into a clean diaper.”

I gave a shrug and let her help me to the bathroom. As soon as I was in the bath, I would wait until she left the room and then I would have a quick poop. She undressed me and ran the bath for me. I got in and reveled in the warm water. I was very clean except for under the bread bags I wore on my arms. I hated broken bones.

She still scrubbed me and I really didn’t mind since I couldn’t really clean myself. I wanted to reach a certain part of my body on my own. Since I was fifteen I masturbated in the shower and I not only couldn’t do that for myself, but I really didn’t want Violet to do that for me. I had just a one more week with the casts and then I could start physical therapy to regain movement. I really looked forward to moving my hands again and not just for masturbation. I could control myself. I just wanted to be able to touch things.

I heard a little tune and Violet quickly dried her hands and answered her cell phone. She quickly left the bathroom. It was now my chance. I got up and went to the toilet and tried to lift the lid. It was stuck. I examined the lid and there was a little white plastic thing on the front that said LidLok. It was a baby cover for the toilet seat. I groaned and then studied it so I could figure out how to undo it. I couldn’t even get a hold on the thing with the slippery wet bread bags on my hand and the casts underneath. I sighed and got back in the tub and just in time too because soon afterward, Violet returned.

She frowned when she saw the wet floor and gave me a stern look.

“Sorry,” I said. “I splashed.” I was not about to admit that I tried to use the toilet. I knew that she would either cry and make me feel guilty or tell me I was ungrateful and make me feel guilty. I was going to hold it and use the downstairs bathroom or sneak into the master bedroom and use the toilet in there. I was sure that Jeff didn’t know about the LidLok, so I guess the upstairs hall bathroom was the only one that was so encumbered.

She dried me off and had me lie down on the floor. I had a new diaper on me. It was a diaper that I knew would be full of poop if I didn’t get to the bathroom sometime that day.

I could hold it, I knew. I thought the bathrooms were really gross in high school and even college, so I never pooped at school. I also hovered to pee, so although my bladder control was never good enough to put off peeing for more than an hour or two, I could hold it when I had to poop I had held it until I was in my home bathroom and then I would poop. I would do the same here even though I would not be able to get to a familiar bathroom.

Violet diapered me and then led me back to my bedroom and opened the drawers. She pulled out a dark blue t-shirt and the light blue plaid overalls she bought the day before and dressed me. “Not the overalls, please,” I said.

“You are my baby and I can dress you how I like,” she said.

I groaned again. “I guess I have no choice then,” I said. At least it was less embarrassing then having to wear only underwear for two years. Peter did that just to control me. A woman couldn’t get too far when they were only wearing negligees. I could probably make it for quite a while in my current outfit without being exposed as someone playing baby.

“I also don’t want to hear any complaints about what I feed you or that you have to go to the bathroom. I will check you periodically. Even if you feel you are about to leak. I will pack some extra clothes in your diaper bag.”

I sighed.

“Is that clear?” she asked.

“Yes,” I said.

I watched as she started to pack my diaper bag. She put in three diapers, another equally childish outfit, a towel to lay me on for a change and the ointments and powders she smeared on my butt when I was changed. She took me down to the living room and put the diaper bag down on the couch. “The place we are going is about half an hour away. I better use the restroom before we go,” she said. She left me and I stood there and glowered.

She was gone about ten minutes and I knew she hadn’t just been peeing due to the time she was away. I wished I could sneak away to use the toilet, but I just stood there and waited. She returned and we rushed to the car. I got belted in and then she began to drive.

###

We arrived at a house. There were quite a few cars lined up and down the block, so there must have been a special event. When we arrived at the door, a lady answered. “Oh, Violet, it is wonderful to see you.”

Another lady smiled. “Where have you been? We missed you so much.”

A third lady shushed the second one.

“Oh it’s okay,” said Violet. She smiled. “I was having problems for a while, but I am fine now.” She motioned me to follow her into the house.

“Who is your friend?” asked the first lady.

“Oh this is my niece.” She looked at me. “Can you tell these ladies your name?” Her voice actually lifted as if she was talking to a three year old.

I just turned and buried my face in her arm.

“She’s not talking,” said Violet. “Her name is Beth and she is staying with Jeff and I. We are taking care of her after an accident. She fell from the balcony at her sorority house and banged her head up pretty bad.”

“Ouch. That must have hurt,” said the second lady.

“Beth, will you want tea or water?” asked the host.

I released my grip from Violet, but I still was silent.

“The doctor thinks she has brain damage,” said Violet. “I’m sorry to impose by bringing her, but I really have to watch her because she needs taken care of.”

“Oh, I’m sorry,” said a third woman. She then led us to the living room. All the couches were taken. Violet sat in an easy chair and I sat on the floor in front of her. My stomach rumbled. I wanted to beg Violet for the bathroom, but I never got a chance. There were way too many ladies and they all would hear me talk if I asked for the bathroom. If I talked and then Violet mentioned my diapers, then they wouldn’t believe I was retarded enough to need them.

They started talking about boring stuff like committees and fundraising and I was terribly bored. I looked up at the grandfather clock, but the hand never seemed to move. I finally looked at the pendulum. The clock just didn’t feel like it was stopped. It actually was. I could see why. The weights were all the way at the bottom of the clock. Growing up, my chore was to wind the clocks at my parent’s house, so I knew what I was doing. I crawled the few steps away to the clock and opened the door. When I almost had my hands around the chain to lift the weight, I felt a hand grab me from behind. “Don’t touch,” said Violet with a stern voice.

I looked at her in protest, but she just pulled me back to my spot in front of her chair. “I’m sorry April. She gets into stuff all the time now. It’s almost as if she’s three. It’s really sad because she was a very bright college student.”

“It’s okay,” said the lady who answered the door. “She’s probably bored with our conversation. Let’s all adjourn for coffee and cake,” she said.

Everyone went into the kitchen. There were various mugs. Each one had a different saying and none of them matched. An older lady filled them with coffee from a coffee pot. I looked around and saw Violet get up and go down the hall.

“Would you like some coffee, dear?”

I smiled and she slid it across the table too me. I saw a box of sugar cubes on the table as well and grabbed one between my one finger and thumb on my left hand that I could still pick things up with. I dropped the cube into the coffee and then picked up the mug between my two cast-encased hands. I took a sip of the best coffee I had tasted since college. I really missed coffee. It was hot and yummy, although it was a bit bitter because the sugar cube hadn’t melted yet, but I was happy to have it anyway.

The other ladies smiled at me. One of them looked at my stitches on the top of my head and winced. “Poor dear,” the lady beside me at the counter said, “that had to hurt.”

I gave my same dumb smile and took another sip.

Then Violet came out of the hallway and saw what I was doing. “Beth, why are you drinking that? You’ll burn yourself. Besides, you can’t pick up stuff too well until your casts come off.” She picked up my coffee cup and put it out of my reach. “Besides, you don’t want to spill on Mrs. Luther’s floor.”

The woman I now learned was April Luther smiled. “Is there something else we can give her to drink?”

The older lady who gave me the coffee said, “I’m sorry Violet. She seemed to enjoy the coffee and I didn’t think anything of it.”

“It’s okay, Mabel,” Violet said to the older lady. “I have to keep her out of everything at home. She hasn’t been right since she hit her head.” She turned to April. “You can give her milk or water.”

I ended up with a cup of milk. It was only half full. When we went back to the living room, Violet held it for me and just held it to my mouth when she thought I wanted a sip.

After another half hour of committee talk and fundraising planning, my stomach started to cramp hard. I knew I had to go to the bathroom soon. I did not know what to do. My intestines were making it known that my body was not designed for the foods I put into it. I mentally kicked myself. It was the coffee that was doing it. I was great at holding my poop until the end of the day, but I had never held it after holding it all night. The ingestion of coffee just played merry havoc.

As a college student, I had a coffee ritual. I would go to the on campus coffee shop and have one at about ten in the morning. Once, I got the urge to poop at nine and after having a ten o’clock coffee I had to poop so urgently by 10:30, that I had to leave class early and run to my dorm to use the bathroom. I barely made it and from then on out I never drank coffee if I had the urge to poop. Since I had been holding it all night and for most of the morning, I was cramping pretty hard.

I bit my lip. They droned on and on and suddenly I felt something move. The poop was right at the edge of my butthole and I could feel it down there. My butt was sore and the mass was trying to get out. I didn’t know what to do. I knew that big hamburger I had yesterday wanted to come out. What I hadn’t counted on was the jalapenos I’d eaten. I cramped up again and knew I was going to poop any minute. I shifted to get to my knees so I could stand up and go to the toilet, but as soon as I got to that position I felt my sphincter give out and a hot mass of sludge deposited itself in my diaper. As it touched my butthole, it burned. I shifted uncomfortably to avoid the burning feeling when the poop mushed up in my diaper.

There was also a big smell. All the ladies were looking at me. I wanted the floor to swallow me up. It was funny how that feeling was quite common the past four days. Violet looked at me and even she wrinkled her nose.

“Beth, did you have an accident?” she asked me aloud.

The other ladies stared at me hard. Violet stood up and pulled me too my feet. I wanted to die. “She doesn’t always make it to the bathroom,” she said. “I’ll need to change her.” She looked around and asked. “Beth, where is your diaper bag?”

I thought about it and then remembered. She left it on the couch at her house and we forgot all about bringing it. I just stared at her because this was not the situation to blow my cover.

“We need to go,” said Violet. “I forgot her diaper bag. She has been incontinent since the accident. I have to take her home to change her.”

April smiled. “Well I think we covered most everything. Will I see you at next weeks’s meeting?”

“Yes,” said Violet.

April looked at me. “Don’t worry, Beth. You are still welcome back.”

I smiled dumbly. I felt like the retarded kid who pooped her pants. I wanted out of there so I could get my butt clean. Jalapenos and a dirty diaper didn’t feel good together. I also wanted out of there so I could tell Violet off.

We finally got to the car and Violet had me sit in the passenger seat. I got in and hovered above the seat.

“Beth you have to sit down so I can get your seatbelt on you.”

“But--,” I said.

“I know that it is gross, but it is just poop. I’ll give you a bath and change you when we get home.” She pushed me down and I landed with a flop onto the mushy poop. It was bad before, but when I sat down it was a lot worse and poop squished clear up my butt crack and forward. I knew I would have a mess if it crept into my womanly places. I had to pee and I just left go if only to flush it out of there. Peeing didn’t help my butt either. It just spread the jalapeno taint further.

Violet got in and started driving away.

“I hope you are satisfied. I am humiliated,” I told her.

“Don’t worry,” she said. “We’ll get you changed.”

“I don’t care about being changed,” I said. “I just want this treatment to stop. I am not your baby and I am not going to act like a baby any longer. In fact I am telling my probation officer to take me to jail. At least there I can use a toilet.”

“Do you really feel that way?” she asked in a whine. She looked close to tears.

“Yes,” I said.

She continued driving. She swerved a few times and then pulled over into a McDonald’s parking lot. She opened the door and left, leaving me in the car in my stinking mess.

She left her cell phone in the car. It was noon and I just felt gross. I was a bit hungry too. Still, I was glad that she didn’t take me in while in my condition. I felt terrible though. My bottom still burned and I knew I would have an awful rash.

She spent over a half an hour in the restaurant before she came out. Her eyes were red and her shirt had splashes of water from where she’d been crying. I sighed. I wasn’t going to give in though.

She drove home and I waddled behind her into the house. We entered the living room. Jeff was lying on the couch reading a novel. The diaper bag was sitting on the floor next to the couch. It was as if it was in his way so he just put it on the floor.

“I thought you two would be at the ladies meeting,” he said.

“Beth forgot her supplies so we had to leave early,” she said. “Beth, I am going to get your stuff ready,” she said. She hurried upstairs.

I started to follow, but Jeff caught me by the arm. “Sit next to me,” he said. “I want to talk.”

“Do I have to sit?” I asked.

He sniffed and then realized I was messy. “No you don’t have to sit.” He sat and took me by my arms. “I just want to thank you for what you are doing. I thought it was strange that you were wearing diapers last night so I asked Violet what was going on. She told me that you agreed to let her take care of you like a baby. That was strange, but thing is, she is herself again. In the two months before we brought you home, Violet spent twenty-three hours a day in bed. She only ate when I forced her and she was basically a mess. Medicine didn’t help. She was depressed. Now you are here and she gets up on time and she even went to that meeting. She would have stayed home if you weren’t there with her. Thank you so much for giving me my wife back.”

I stood in shock. Did embarrassing me make all the difference. No, she wasn’t getting off on making me feel like a fool. She genuinely wanted a baby to care for and I was the only one available. The fact that I was almost helpless made it all the more easy for her to want to baby me.

“You’re welcome,” I said. I hoped it wasn’t too late to make amends to Violet. I hurried upstairs and into the bathroom. Violet was kneeling in front of the toilet trying to get the childproof LidLok off the toilet.

“Leave it on there,” I said. “It is too late for me to use the toilet.”

“But you’ll need the toilet eventually,” she said.

“I’m your baby and I need you to give me a bath and put me in a clean diaper.”

She turned to me. “I thought you said I humiliated you and you didn’t want to be my baby anymore.”

I felt guilty, but I didn’t want to drive her back to her depression. I would wear diapers for the rest of my time with them if that is what it took. “One of the hard parts of being a mother is having children throw temper tantrums. It gets worse when they become teenagers if my childhood is an example. I was just having a temper tantrum. I’m sorry I made you cry.”

“It’s okay,” she said. “Let’s get you out of that smelly diaper.” She unhooked my overalls and lowered them to the floor. She then opened my diaper and then unlocked the toilet lid. She balled up the diaper and put it in the trash and then started to clean my butt with toilet paper. “Wow, you really got a bad rash,” she said.

“Yeah,” I said. “Dirty diapers and jalapenos don’t mix.”

“Ah, that’s it. Normally babies don’t eat jalapenos. Your diet is slightly different than a real baby, so I promise I will change you as soon as you are dirty.”

“Thanks.”

She cleaned me enough for me to take a shower and I left her clean me. I still felt dirty after the shower, but I thought a lot of that was psychological and due to the smell of the diaper in the trash. I lay down on the floor and got ready for my diaper change.

She didn’t have any diapers for me. She grabbed the pair of panties she had brought me off the vanity and left me lying on the towel. She then returned with a thick diaper. I got a generous coating of Desitin on my butt before getting my diaper put on. She then dressed me in shorts and a t-shirt and led me down stairs to the living room. I smiled at her.

“I’m going to cook something really nice for dinner. Will you watch her while I do?” she said to Jeff.

“Sure,” he said. He shrugged at me when she left. “I don’t really think I can change your diaper,” he said. “There are certain parts I shouldn’t see.”

I looked at the clock. It was already two. “I am sure I can hold it until dinner.”

“Good,” he said.

“So how come you are home during the day?” I asked.

“I don’t work Friday afternoons because I am on call during the week.” He opened his novel and started to read. I looked at the cover. It was a science fiction novel. I loved reading that kind of stuff.

“What are you reading?” I asked. “Can I read it when you are done?”

“Listen, I am trying to read. Do you want something to do?”

“I am sort of bored,” I admitted.

He took me by the hand into his den. That was a room that Violet had made off limits to me. Inside, book shelves lined every wall. “You can read anything you want. Any time.”

I looked along the shelves and picked a book. We returned to the living room and the two of us sat on the couch and read until dinner time.

*010*2013-06-23 16:23

CHAPTER SIX: I CAN’T PLAY WITH THESE TOYS

I had really gotten into the book by dinner time, but after we ate, I was quite busy getting another bath (my third that day) and getting ready for bed. Before doing that, I just sat with Jeff watching TV until Violet came down and decided it was time for my bedtime.

I was tired out anyway, so I put up with getting a new diaper on and going to bed. I closed my eyes and let sleep come.

###

The next morning, I woke up and did my morning pee in my diaper. I did not have to poop fortunately, since I pooped so publicly the day before. I was glad I didn’t have to go now, but I knew it would happen again later. I promised myself that I would poop my diaper while at Violet’s house so I wouldn’t have messy accidents when out in public.

“Good morning,” said Violet.

“Good morning,” I said. I stretched and sat upright while Violet lowered the rail of my crib. “What do you have planned today?”

“We’re just staying home,” she said. “My magazine asked if I was ready to write articles again, so I will be on the computer all day.” She helped me out of the crib. “We’ll get you a bath first and then I’ll let you play.”

I smiled. I looked forward to getting back into that book that Jeff had let me read. They were in a spaceship and everything bad was happening and it didn’t look like they would survive. It was the first book in the series, so I didn’t think that they would all die. I still wanted to finish the book. I even had dreams about it.

Violet helped me into the bath and washed me thoroughly. “Your rash is still pretty bad,” she said. “I wish we had your diaper bag with us when you had your accident.

You should have told me we forgot it.”

It did hurt quite a bit and I wasn’t too happy when I got home the day before, but now I was less happy. The scrubbing hurt. Before I yesterday, wetting the diaper felt warm and pleasant almost. Now it irritated my skin. “If I was a real baby, could have I told you we forgot the diaper bag?”

“I guess not,” she said.

“Or if I was really brain damaged from an accident?”

“Nor if that was true. I am sorry we forgot it, but let’s worry about keeping your diaper dry. Crawl into my study if you have an accident and we’ll get you changed as soon as possible.”

I splashed a bit in the water and sighed. I looked forward to getting the casts off my arms and regaining the ability to use my fingers. The casts came off in less than a week. “What will the doctor say if I show up in diapers?” I asked. I punctuated the remark with giggles.

“He will probably ask too many questions. I will give you a break from diapers that day. Except for then, you are going to be my baby.” She reached down and tickled me, then finished scrubbing me.

When I was clean, she helped me on the floor for a diaper change. She really smeared on the Desitin before she powdered me and closed my diaper. I got put in a t-shirt and then she led me to the living room. On the middle of the living room floor was a blanket covered with dolls and baby toys. She sat me in the middle of the blanket and turned toward the door next to Jeff’s den. “Remember,” she said. “If you are the least bit wet or messy, I want you to come get me for a change. Until then, play with the toys and be quiet.”

“Sure,” I said. She closed her door and I immediately stood up and climbed on the couch. The book Jeff let me have was on the cushion where I had left it. I picked it up and began to read.

Violet sat in her study. I mainly heard the clickety-clack of her keyboard, but occasionally she paused and swore or said it sounded stupid or something. I tried to ignore her and continued to read the book. The crew of the spaceship managed to win their battle, but the ship was damaged and the enemy had reinforcements coming. I was so engrossed in the book that I didn’t notice that Violet had left her office until I felt the book being snatched away.

“Babies can’t read,” Violet yelled. She pulled me off the couch and sat me back down on the blanket. “Now sit here and play with these toys until I get dinner fixed.” She opened the cupboard at the bottom of the coffee table and put the book inside.

“Violet, I am an adult,” I said. “I can wear diapers and use them, sleep in a crib, and let you bathe me, but I cannot sit here and play with these toys.”

“You are having baby food for lunch today,” she said. “You will get the same for supper if I don’t see you playing with these toys when I get back.”

“Fine,” I said. I picked up a doll and held it in my arms. As soon as she left, I dropped the doll and went for my book. I cursed when I couldn’t open the little cupboard because of my casts. I picked up the doll and held it a while. I wasn’t even sure what to do. I had two older brothers and never did get into dolls. My earliest toy experience that I could remember was pushing Tonka trucks around. There were no Tonka trucks here, just dolls, a rattle, and a few plush bears. There was also a plastic tea set. With no tea or boiling hot water, I couldn’t play with the tea set, so I just held the doll.

I had to pee and without thinking, I let loose in my diaper. I didn’t drink that much that day, so it was pretty strong and I knew that the wet diaper would irritate my skin. However, I really didn’t want to get Violet and ask her for a change since she was so angry now. I thought I could manage, but ten minutes later, my skin started to itch. I hated the baby treatment.

I stood up and walked over to the kitchen. I still had the doll, but I ignored it. Violet was cooking something in the microwave and getting two jars of baby food ready. I couldn’t see the labels, but one was a greenish paste, and the other looked yellowish. I suppressed the urge to gag. “Violet?”

She turned to me. “I told you to play until lunch time,” she said.

I held up the doll. “I was, but now I am wet and it is making my rash sore. I would really like it if you changed me.”

“Okay,” she said. She took me by the hand to my bedroom and made me lie on the floor. She was quick doing her work, but she was gentle. She put a lot of Desitin on me before diapering me. “Does that feel better?” she asked.

“Yes,” I said.

“It’s lunch time now,” she said. “Let’s go eat.” We went down stairs and she sat me in front of the baby food and then got stuff out of the microwave. She had hot pockets and I just sat there as she ate them. She didn’t even offer me a bite. When she was finished, she sat in the chair beside mine and then spoon fed me the baby food. I had to suppress my gag reflex to get the stuff down. I don’t know how babies could stand to eat the stuff.

When I was done, she washed my face. It needed it because she purposely missed while she fed me and I had baby food all over my face. After the meal, she took me back to the living room and sat me on the blanket. She then gave me a bottle.

I drank the bottle. After I finished, I curled up on the blanket with the doll in my arms and took a nap. I didn’t wake up until much later in the afternoon when the door opened. I woke up and turned my head toward the front door. It was Jeff.

“You look cute lying there like that,” he said.

I sat up and smoothed my t-shirt so it covered my diaper. “Thanks.”

“So how was the book?” he asked.

I shrugged. “It was fine until I got about three quarters of the way through and Violet found out I was reading instead of playing with these toys.” I spread my arms out to indicate the toys on the blanket. “You got to talk to her.”

He regarded me. “Are you really okay with acting like a baby?”

I thought about it for awhile. Jeff was offering me a chance to stop this whole baby thing. However, there were Violet’s feelings to consider as well. “I really do need help getting baths and getting dressed, and I really don’t mind the diapers and even the baby food. I know Violet needs someone to take care of so she can heal and I don’t want to take that away from her. There is a limit to what I can endure and spending my probation playing with toys is not something one of them. I don’t even know how to play with these toys. I had all brothers and I played with trucks when I was little. I am seriously considering going back to jail. I can’t play with baby toys.”

Jeff thought for a minute. “Okay,” he said. “I will talk to her and get your access to books back.” He left the room and went into the study. The tapping of keys stopped and instead I heard them talking.

“She’s my baby. She can’t read,” said Violet.

“Violet, you can’t treat her like this.”

“She agreed to be my baby,” she said. “Ask her.”

“I did,” he said, “but I am really not convinced that she agreed because that is how she wants to be treated. I think she lets you treat her like that because she feels guilty.”

“So what?” she said. “I don’t care if she does it out of guilt or not. She is my baby. I already lost my real baby. I don’t want to lose her too.”

“You can dress her up like a baby and treat her like one, but the woman is an adult. She has the mind of an adult and no matter how you dress her or treat her, she will always have the mind of an adult. You need to leave her a little bit of adulthood or she won’t let you treat her like your baby at all.”

“What do you mean?” she asked. “She’s my baby.”

“So far. She agreed to let you diaper her and bathe her. She even informed me that she is okay with you feeding her baby food. I am a bit disturbed about that, but if she is okay with it, I guess we can live with that. However, she was really upset about losing access to reading materials. I gave her permission to read the books in my study and then you took them away from her.”

“I gave her toys to play with,” said Violet.

“She’s an adult. Let her read,” he said. “She told me she would rather go to jail than play with those toys.”

“So I lose my baby if I don’t let her read those awful books?” she said. Her voice seemed sad through the door.

There was silence for a bit and then she said, “Okay.” The door opened and they came out of the study and sat together on the couch.

“Beth,” said Violet, “I have decided to let you have that book back.” She opened the little cupboard in the coffee table and pulled out the book and handed it to me.

I smiled and reached for it with both hands. My casts prevented me from holding it properly, but I pressed both hands together to keep my grip on it.

“I caution you against reading it where company will see it or you will blow your cover. Also, I don’t want to any arguing with me.”

“Deal,” I said.

I never did get to read the rest of my book that night. Between supper time, bath time, and getting sent to bed, the rest of my evening was pretty busy. I did catch up on reading the next day though.
