Pokemon Request Trade

Author: wheatley

*000*2016-01-27 05:32

I'm doing a fic trade with DerpySquid, and this is where i'll be posting my stories from his part of the ideas.

Keep in mind this won't be affecting any of my own stories. It's just me doing some requests for DerpySquid.

###

Petal meadow, a beautiful plains area known in the region. It's a place perfect for, oh I don't know, a picnic maybe a campout, or a walk. I would go for one if I weren't a disembodied voice. Anyways, this is a very... "special" walk for a kid named Zapp. Well he's a Pikachu for who knows why, but doesn't really matter. He took his team of pokemon on a walk into the plains for a day off. His team consists of Charizard (and his son Charmander), Blastoise, Ivysaur, Lucario, Flareon, Ninetales, and Jolteon.

Zapp: Ahh, I told you guys this was a good idea. This is the perfect day for a walk.

Blastoise: Don't push it kid. Seriously, don't.

Ninetales: I like this. It reminds me of times before I became a legendary.

Zapp took out his water bottle and gulped down the last of it's content. Him, along with everyone else, drank a lot before and during the walk. Zapp felt a slight pain in his lower half, but decided to ignore it. Charmander on the other hand couldn't hold on as well.

Charmander: Um, Pop?

Charizard: What's up?

Charmander: I, uh, I need to-

Ivysaur: Hey Zappy, when's the next town?

Zapp: Uh, the next town is going to be another 5 hours away. Why do you ask?

Ivysaur: Well, I need to take a leak.

Charmander cringed after hearing that.

Charizard: That what you need?

Charmander: Yes...

Blastoise: Don't sweat champ. There's a good chance there could be a stop sometime soon. Just hold on.

While everyone was walking, the liquids from earlier went through them faster then a Noko. Forget I said that. Anyways they kept going for about an hour until someone spoke up.

Flareon: Um, hey Zapp?

Zapp: Yeah?

Flareon: You remember what Charmander said back there?

Zapp: Yes, what are you playing at?

Flareon: I need to go too.

Zapp: Oh for the love of-

Blastoise: Yeah, i'm with Flareon on this one.

Jolteon: Hey, we're sorruounded by empty land, why don't we just let loose here?

Zapp: ARE YOU SERIOUS!? This is a Public land!

Lucario: I an with young master Zapp on this one. If we are caught we can get a very high fine.

Jolteon: So? How much you got on you?

Zapp: I literally only have enough to buy a candy bar.

They kept on walking, throwing out the idea of using the plains, but nobody can hold on forever. About 2 hours later, everyone was having their doubts.

Ninetales: A- are we any closer to a stop?

Zapp: nope. The next stop is another 2 hour walk.

Charizard: I am not walking for another two hours!

Flareon: well, I guess we should head back then.

They turned around and went back, trying to hold on, but no luck. Nobody could hide how bad they needed to go, except for Charizard, who refused to grab himself in front of his son. Zapp dug through his bag and pulled out a plastic bowl and his empty water bottle.

Zapp: Hey guys! I have something we can use!

Everyone gathered around Zapp to see what he was planning, and knew exactly what thei options were.

Ivysaur: looks like only one of us can use one of these.

Ninetales: But which one of us?

Charizard remained silent, still trying to prevent grabbing himself. He was about to wet himself, and Zapp found a way to help him out.

Zapp: Alight, um, Charmander can use the bowl, Lucario you go with him.

Lucario: Of course young master Zapp.

Jolteon: Seriously that's going to get annoying after a while.

Lucario left with Charmander into the forest, with everyone else left to choose on who uses the bottle. Charizard then grabbed his crotch now that his son wasn't looking.

Blastoise: Alright, so who gets the bottle?

Ninetales: I think I should use it because HELLO? Legendary?

Jolteon: Riiiight, and why does that make you worthy of a bottle?

Charizard: Hey! I'm the one that went three hours not grabbing my crotch!I should get this bottle!

Everyone kept arguing for two minutes over who gets the bottle, until Flareon noticed something.

Flareon: Hey, where's Zapp?

Zapp came walking back, brushing his gloved paws on his hoodie.

Zapp: *Whistling Super Mario Bros. Theme*

Charizard: Where were you? And where's the bottle?

Zapp: Who do you think was holding the bottle?

Ivysaur: OH COME ON! ARE YOU SERIOUS!?

Everyone ran off into the forest, except for Ivysaur, who wet himself out of sheer rage. It went on for about a minute and a half. Once he finished, he was still very peeved off with Zapp, and attacked him.

Meanwhile in the forest, Charmander and Lucario found the right place to use the bowl.

Charmander: Oh man, finally! I can't take it anymore!

Charmander peed into the bowl for about two minutes, looking relieved to release the pent up urine he kept holding for four, maybe five hours.

I would tell you what happened to Lucario, but i'll save that for the end. For now, Charizard and Blastoise were somewhere in the forest.

Blastoise: Well I hope you don't mind Charizard old buddy, but i'm just going to give out here.

Blastoise ran behind a tree, trying to get his bottom half free, but went too little too late. Once he lost it, so did Charizard.

Charizard: Urk...

They both went on for four minutes each, and once they finished they had to clean up before meeting up with the others.

As for the girls, They got separated during their rush. Jolteon and Flareon were with each other, and no sighn of Ninetales.

Flareon: Ahh, how much did I drink!? I'm supposed to be a fire type!

Jolteon: As long as we don't run into any pokemon we should be-

Machop: Hey! I found one!

Machop threw a large rock at Jolteon, hitting her right in her swollen bladder. She ended up losing total control in front of flareon.

Flareon: AAH! I CAN"T HOLD IT ANYMORE!

Flareon ​ended up peeing herself from the sight of Jolteon's incident. They both went for three minutes while Machop ran.

*Back at the path*

Everyone except for Charmander, Lucaario, and Zapp had a wet spot at their crotch.

Zapp: So, what happed to Ninetales?

Ninetales: I gave up.

Zapp: right, and Lucario? Did you make it dry?

Lucario: Well, yes and no. I found a good spot, but not dry.

Zapp: Ohh... eww...

Everyone just sat there chatting, and Zapp having a black eye from Ivysaur. After a bit they headed back home.

END

*002*2016-01-28 00:06

Dammit, i set it in the wrong topic!

