Eclipse

Author: Weasel

*000*2018-08-21 23:43

I thought for my one-year anniversary of joining omo.org, I thought I'd create a short story based on what inspired me to join the forum.

As I said in the very first thread I created

, I saw a few interesting things -- but I'm not going to tell those stories, as those girls didn't consent to have their stories told. Instead, I wrote a story based very loosely on what I saw. When all is said and done, I'd say the story is about 50% true. The location is quite real, however. And as today is the one-year anniversary of the solar eclipse, here's the tale.

###

Approaching Long Creek, Oregon

August 21, 1:05pm

“So maybe we should have waited a little longer to leave,” Morgan said.

Highway 395 was totally slammed. The eclipse-watchers had arrived a few at a time—some obviously days in advance. Morgan, Mira, and Allison, having arrived the night before, may actually have been some of the last arrivals. But now everyone was trying to leave at once. The two-lane road was not built for this level of traffic, and the solid bumper-to-bumper single file of cars was not moving at all. Since they were on a downslope, Morgan turned off the engine to save gas, intending to roll forward when there was room. They’d been on the highway for over an hour and so far, she’d rolled forward just three times. They’d gone maybe a thousand yards… most of it in the first two minutes. Since then they’d been stuck.

Morgan was acutely aware of Mira in the passenger seat beside her. Their on-again, off-again love affair seemed to be back on. At least, the passionate kiss under Venus during the eclipse seemed to suggest that. But with little-sis Allison in the back seat, Morgan was reluctant to talk about it, or try for a repeat of the kiss. Occasionally she reached over and squeezed Mira’s hand. Mira squeezed back, and also didn’t say anything about the two of them.

But there wasn’t anything wrong with looking, especially since there was no particular need to keep her eyes on the road, so Morgan drank in her one-time (once and future?) lover with her eyes. Mira had braided her long raven hair for the eclipse, and tied it with an eagle feather; but other than that, she seemed more a tanned 21st-century athlete than a Native American. Morgan bit her mental tongue. After all, those two weren’t mutually exclusive. Having seen Mira play basketball, she knew just how athletic the girl was. And there was no doubt she was Native to the bone. The ceremony she’d performed during the eclipse—in Apsáalooke, her grandfather’s language—was evidence enough of that.

Morgan self-consciously ran her fingers through her own side-buzzed, multicolored hair. She loved Mira’s native side, but she kept stepping on Mira’s toes—or more accurately, putting her foot in her mouth—about it. Morgan and Allison’s family was mostly Irish, and both of them looked it—Allison in particular, with her curly red locks. When Morgan held Mira’s hand, her own pale skin stood out like chalk.

Her anxiety must have shown. Mira turned to look at her with those bright wise eyes, and everything felt better. Morgan could have drowned in those eyes. Mira reached out and brushed Morgan’s cheek, then went back to her phone.

So thanks to all the ogling, Morgan quickly picked up on Mira’s restlessness. Mira was shifting in her seat—sometimes putting her legs up on the dashboard, crossed at the ankle; sometimes sitting cross-legged; sometimes one foot on the floor and the other tucked up under her. Morgan figured her sweetheart was feeling caged in. But it all became much more obvious when Mira said, “So how long do you think we’ll take to get down to the rest stop?”

“Well, we’ve barely budged so far,” Morgan said. “I mean, we know the rest stop’s right down there. Gotta be less than a mile. But right this second, at our current speed of zero miles per hour…”

“Mmmhmm,” Mira said. “This is all your fault, you know.”

“Wait, what?”

“I’ve been drinking water, just like you told us.”

“It’s hot! And we were standing in direct sunlight for hours, except for the two minutes when there was a big rock in the way! We need to stay hydrated.”

“Yeah, but I haven’t peed since this morning.”

“When I ran into you up in the trees?”

“Mmhmm.”

“That’s like, seven hours! I peed twice since then.”

Mira shrugged. “Didn’t need to.”

“That means you haven’t been drinking enough water.”

“Well, I’ve definitely been drinking enough now.”

“I’d like to say we could get down to the rest stop in an hour. But really, I dunno.”

“I could walk there faster than that,” Mira said.

“Oh, yeah.”

“I might just do that, too.”

“Well, it’s probably really crowded down there,” Morgan pointed out. “That’s gotta be the one public toilet for miles and miles.”

“Crap, you’re probably right,” Mira said. “Okay, I guess I’m gonna go take a walk!”

“Where to?” Morgan said, puzzled. They were in a cut in the hillside, with blasted-out rock walls on either side of the road.

“Down there,” Mira said, pointing as she unbuckled her seat belt. “Looks like there’s a bit of a drop-off down there, so I’ll have some cover.” She got out of the car and stretched out, arms and legs. Then she closed the car door, stepped out of the line of traffic to look for people coming up the hill the other way, and then jogged down the far side of the highway to where the cut merged with the natural slope. Here she paused, then slipped up the side and into the trees.

Traffic began to move a bit as Mira jogged off, and the motion brought Allison back to the real world from whatever she’d been doing on her phone. “Where’s Mira going?” she asked.

“Had to pee,” Morgan said.

“I could never do that,” Allison said.

“You must have popped a squat last night and this morning,” Morgan said.

“That I can do. I don’t like it but I can do it. What I can’t do is go off in front of so many people! Think about it. Everyone watching knows Mira just went off to pee because she couldn’t hold it. They’ve got to be laughing at her.”

“If I had to guess, I’d say they’re probably thinking that they’ll have to do the same thing sooner or later,” Morgan said. “Not a lot of bathroom options out here.”

“There’s that rest stop,” Allison pointed out.

“You must not have heard me earlier. It’s got to be super-crowded. It was just a one-holer, right?”

“One for men and one for women,” Allison said.

“Well, there’s gotta be thousands of people on this road and that’s the only bathroom for miles. The line must be huge.”

“Oh,” Allison said, in a small voice. “I didn’t think of that.”

They rolled forward again.

“So you and Mira again, huh?”

“Maybe,” Morgan said. “I don’t know.”

“You really want to try again?”

“Absolutely.”

“Well, I hope she does too—but I hope you get it right this time. Please, for the love of god, tell me you’ve learned from the last seventeen times.”

“We have not broken up seventeen times! It’s only been three.”

“Still. At this point it’s either meant to be and you’re kidding yourselves… or it’s never meant to be and you’re kidding yourselves.”

“We’ll be fine,” Morgan said, far more cheerfully than she felt.

“Sure, but first she’s got to find us again,” Allison noted as they rolled forward several more car-lengths.

Mira, off to the side of the road, was enjoying herself. She loved the freedom of peeing outside. It was easier when she was in a skirt, but then, she loved being naked outside, too. It happened less often, of course. She wasn’t about to flash her ass to the traffic, so she did go far enough into the trees that she thought no one would be able to see her. Then she pulled down her shorts and stepped out of them, leaving herself bare between her tank top and her sandals. With her shorts safely in her hand, she simply spread her legs, angled her hips a bit, and let go.

It was such a nice feeling, peeing after holding it for a while. A feeling of relaxation, almost a feeling of bliss.

If only Morgan would relax! Mira loved her, but the girl could get all uptight and tied in knots. The constant double-thinking and anxiety had driven them apart more than once. Morgan’s inherent goodness and intelligence—and, it had to be said, her sexiness and her skills in the sack—seemed to be bringing them back together again. But Mira had to shake her head and smile at how Mor was obviously so anxious. Did she really want to spend more time with the Great Big Ball O’ Irish Anxiety again?

Well, to be fair, they’d just kissed for the first time in months and then gone on with the trip like not much had happened. This time it was totally natural to be a little on edge. Mira did wish she hadn’t insisted that Allison came. Then they could be more open and…

Well. There was a lot they could do once they got back to Seattle. She resisted the temptation to touch herself, shook off the last droplets of pee, pulled her shorts back on, and walked back to the road. Morgan’s car had clearly gained some ground while she’d been gone, but that was all to the good. She slipped back into the passenger seat.

“Feeling better?” Morgan asked.

“Totally,” Mira said, and decided to forget Allison for a second. She leaned over and kissed Morgan’s cheek before belting herself in.

Before too long, the rest stop came into view—and as Morgan had predicted, the lines were immense. In fact the line just to get into the parking lot was pretty lengthy.

“I pity anyone who’s bursting to pee and just now getting there,” Morgan said.

“They should just go in the woods,” Mira said. “Worked for me.”

“I’ll bet some are doing just that,” Morgan said.

Traffic was now moving a little faster—by which it was rolling at a mile an hour instead of a dead halt. Morgan still hadn’t bothered to turn the engine on, although steering was a bit of a trick. They pulled around the bend and saw the town of Long Creek ahead of them—with a far longer line of cars waiting to get into town.

“Whatever the holdup is, it’s still gonna take us ages to get down there,” Morgan said.

Allison whimpered.

“What’s wrong, sis?”

“Nothing. It’s just—oh, nothing.”

“You just sounded really upset, that’s all.”

“I just… I… I need to…”

“Spit it out, hon,” Mira said gently.

“I need to pee! And no, I can’t just go in the woods, I hate letting anyone know that I need to pee! Even you! All that about ‘I pity anyone who’s bursting’—that’s me, sis, I’ve gotta pee like crazy but there’s nowhere to go!”

The Great Big Ball O’ Irish Anxiety runs in the family, obviously, Mira thought.

“Okay, okay, sis! Just stay cool. You want me to turn around and go back to the rest stop?”

“I saw that line! I was… I was hoping when we got down to town… but there’s no way.”

“No way what?”

“No way I’ll make it…” Allison said in a voice barely above a whisper.

“How bad do you need to go? Like, ‘I need to pee soon’ bad or like ‘I’m already wetting my pants’ bad?” Morgan asked.

“I can’t hold it much longer,” Allison said, still almost whispering.

“Well, I don’t want you to wet yourself. Or my car seat,” Morgan said. “Can’t you just go in the trees?”

“People will know!”

“Two people already know,” Mira pointed out.

“And that’s bad enough. I can’t pee in front of all those strangers!”

“Okay, look, sis,” Morgan said. “You’re going to pee. Your body will eventually pee whether you want it to or not. If you think you can’t hold it any more, you’re either going to get out of the car and run behind a tree and pop a squat, or you’re going to wet your pants and have to sit in a puddle of your own piss until we get back to Seattle. Me, I’d jump out and pop a squat.”

“People will see…”

“Hey, I’ve got a towel. We can cover you. Mira, can you help her? Or drive while I help her?”

“I can do it,” Mira said. “Come on, hon. You’ll feel so much better once you go. I did.”

Allison made no reply. Morgan looked at her sister in the rearview mirror. Allison had her legs double-crossed—but the real sign was the look of agony and panic on her face. “Alli. Please, you look like you’re in so much pain. Just go!”

“I can’t… I can’t hold it…”

“Are you peeing?”

“Yes…”

Morgan swerved over to the side of the road. Mira jumped out. “Where’s the towel, lover?” she asked over her shoulder.

“In the trunk!” Morgan shouted, suppressing her thrill at the last word of the question, and popped the trunk open. Mira grabbed the towel, slammed the trunk lid shut, and opened Allison’s door. Allison bolted for the trees a few yards beyond the side of the road, but she didn’t get that far; she collapsed into a squat, tearing at her jeans. Mira ran up and held the towel up in front of the girl, shielding her from whatever eyes were (almost certainly) watching. Allison was outright crying now as she got her zipper down and tugged at her waistband. Mira instinctively reached to help but Allison gave a panicked squeal as the towel dropped. The young redhead finally got her clothes out of the way—and a river broke loose.

“Holy shit, girl, how long were you holding that in?” Mira said as Allison’s pee flowed downhill toward the trees.

Allison said nothing, but her tear-stained face was now vastly more relaxed. She peed for at least a minute before she pulled up her (plain white) underwear and then did up her jeans.

“Better now?” Mira said, folding up the towel.

Allison nodded—then abruptly gave Mira a hug. “Thank you,” she said.

“Any time, hon.”

Back in the car, Morgan said, “Whew, you’ve got to be feeling better after getting rid of all that!”

Allison silently buckled herself back in.

“Give it a rest, love,” Mira said, climbing into the passenger seat and tossing the towel back next to Allison.

“Oh, sorry.”

“Don’t be sorry at me. Be sorry for your sister. That was rough.”

“I won’t tease you, sis—if you promise to tell me sooner that you need to stop. I’m not a mind-reader. Or a bladder-reader. Okay?”

“Okay…” Allison said, with a tiny smile.

“Good, because at this rate, we may run into this problem again.”

“How are you doing?” Mira asked.

“Fine for now. But there’s a lot of miles and a lot of traffic between us and home.”

###

There may well be more to this story, but I'm about to get really busy, and also I keep getting character development in my porn. This is the short version. I've literally re-started this fic three times because the first two times I was telling Mira and Morgan's whole romance...

*004*2018-08-29 02:21

Hey, crew! With this as encouragement I'll definitely write a continuation, but it's gonna be real busy in my life for a while, so no guarantees as to when I'll get it posted.

Then I'll move on to more Meagan and Parker. While this story's characters are kinda interesting, M&P are way more so. And so much more capable of producing interesting scenarios...

*005*2018-09-03 04:52

Here's part 2!

###

Approaching Umatilla, Oregon

August 21, 4:27pm

“Ugh, what now?” Allison asked. “Why is the traffic so terrible right here?”

“We’ve hit a slowdown just about every time we come up on anything bigger than a wide spot on the road,” Morgan said. “We’re getting close to the river now, and remember how they were doing road work on that bridge? It was down to one lane.”

“And they didn’t think to open it back up to two lanes for the eclipse?” Allison said. “That wasn’t very smart.”

“Maybe construction can’t switch around in a hurry like that,” Mira said.

“Still, it’s bad planning!”

“So anyway, it seems like we’re gonna go from three lanes down to one, us and several thousand of our closest friends...”

They were driving through eastern Oregonian desert now, with not much beyond scrub bush in all directions. It was all stop-and-go, bumper-to-bumper traffic, an LA-style traffic jam in the middle of nowhere. They inched through the clogged interchange from 395 to Interstate 84, then did it again for I-82. They crawled past the small grass-covered bunkers of the Umatilla army base, and heard Mira’s lecture on the poison gas and other dangerous weapons the military stored there (and occasionally incinerated, which might or might not be contaminating the whole area). On and on they crawled, rarely going more than five miles an hour, and never for very long.

“It’s gonna be like this all the way down to the bridge?” Alli said.

“Yeah.”

Alli poked at her phone and said, “That’s only five miles.”

“But it could take us five hours, at this rate,” her sister answered.

“God, not again!” Alli said, with a note of anxiety in her voice.

“What’s up, hon?” Mira asked.

“I’ve got to pee again!”

“Well, I’ll try to get off at the next exit,” Morgan said.

“‘Try’?”

“Well, we’re over here in the ‘fast’ lane. Merging in this mess is gonna take a lot of time.”

“Do what you can, Mor,” Mira said. “I’ve been feeling like I could use a stop myself.”

“On it,” Morgan said, and started signaling.

But the next exit came up sooner than they’d thought, and they’d only managed to get one lane over. The other cars seemed unwilling to budge and let them through, even if it only meant giving up one car-length; and the right-hand lane seemed particularly unwilling to give ground. As they drove past the exit, Alli whimered.

“If it’s any consolation,” Morgan said, “I didn’t see any signs for gas stations. We might not have missed anything.”

“Easy for you to say!” Alli said. “I gotta pee!”

“Well, every time you say that, I feel like I’ve got to go myself,” Morgan said. “So I guess we’ve all got to go now.”

After this not-really-reassuring comment, the three young women all fell into silence for a bit.

Time passed. Traffic did too, but only barely. They had only gotten about half a mile further down the road.

“Alli, can you look and see if there’s another exit before the bridge?” Morgan asked.

“There is,” Allison said. “It’s right before the bridge. I think there are gas stations there, but Google says the traffic on that road is just as bad. Even if we get off we’d still have to wait for a while…”

“And I’ll just bet that every gas station bathroom has a line ten people long right now,” Mira said.

All three of them pondered that unfortunate thought. All three bladders throbbed in anxiety.

“How about on the other side of the bridge? How does traffic look there?” Morgan asked.

“A lot better.”

“Can we all wait that long?”

“How long is ‘long’?” Mira asked.

“Well, we just passed the 3-mile marker. And it took us ten minutes to get there from the 3.5 mark. So… over an hour?”

Mira winced. “Maybe. But it’s not gonna be fun.”

“Alli?”

“…Mmmaybe?”

“I think I can make it,” Morgan said. “If there’s a gas station close by on the other side.”

“Where we can stand in line…” Mira said.

“Maybe there won’t be a line.”

“We are a line,” Mira pointed out. “I mean, which one of us gets to go first?”

All three were quiet a minute.

“Hon, between this and the poison gas, you are all about uncomfortable truths today.”

“Unless we share somehow.”

“You can pee on my lap,” Morgan said. “Allison, how do you feel about peeing in a sink?”

“Right now I’d pee anywhere,” Allison said. “Except where people could see me.”

“You wouldn’t mind people seeing all three of us go in together?”

“Um. Now that you mention it…”

“None of that matters unless we can hold it long enough to make it there,” Mira said. “And for the record I said ‘Maybe.’”

Allison whimpered again. Her legs were crossed, and every inch of her skinny frame was tense.

Traffic crawled. Time crawled. The only things that didn’t seem to slow down were the increasingly frantic signals from their bladders.

“Okay, so I think it’s my turn to say something uncomfortable,” Morgan said. “I’m starting to think we need to have a backup plan for if we can’t make it.”

“Where else could we go?” Allison said.

“Mira, you’re okay peeing outside, right?” Morgan asked.

“Totally—if I’ve got some cover.” She waved to the surrounding countryside. “See any cover out there?”

“We could hold up the towel again.”

“That won’t work this time, though,” Mira pointed out. “It’s barely big enough to cover one side. Alli had the curve of the road working for her last time, and some trees behind her. If we held up the towel now, somebody would still see everything. I don’t want to do that.”

“I really don’t want to do that,” Alli said.

“Okay,” Morgan said, “scratch that idea. But we really need to think of something, ladies. ‘Cause I’m starting to think I’m not gonna be peeing in a gas station…”

“Getting bad?” Mira asked sympathetically.

“Getting really bad. I haven’t had to pee this bad in a long, long time.”

“I haven’t had to pee this bad since a few hours ago!” Alli complained.

“I’m pretty desperate, too,” Mira said.

Morgan glanced at her lover. Mira was sitting on her heel. “I’ve never seen you desperate to pee,” Morgan said. “Don’t you have a huge bladder?”

“Not at all, I just pee all the time,” Mira said. “Inside, outside, wherever… but I don’t let anyone see.”

Morgan’s fingers were alternating between drumming on the steering wheel and gripping it, white-knuckled. “C’mon, ladies, think of a plan before we pee in our pants.”

“It’s an idea,” Mira said.

“What, peeing ourselves? If you get pee on my seats, you’re paying to have them cleaned.”

“All right. So what else could we do? Pee in a bottle?”

“I’m still using mine,” Morgan said.

“Mine’s empty, but it’s small,” Allison said, holding up a standard disposable plastic water bottle.

Morgan (using her rear-view mirror) looked askance at the bottle’s narrow mouth. “I don’t think I can hit a target that small,” she said. “I think I’d probably splash a lot, and splash means smell.”

“I could live with the smell if it meant I could pee,” Mira said.

“It’s impossible to get the smell out, though,” Morgan said. “Come on, come on… can you find something quick? Please?”

Mira and Allison scoured the car, and found no other containers of any kind.

“It may be the bottle or nothing, hon,” Mira said.

“That won’t even fit all our pee, though,” Morgan said. “I’ll bet I could fill that bottle myself.”

“We could pour it out in between.”

“And if any of us filled it up before we were done peeing? Stopping is the hardest!”

Mira winced again. “Okay, good point.”

“Ideas, please!” Morgan said. “Or somebody else needs to drive.”

“What’s wrong?”

“I can’t hold myself and drive at the same time,” Morgan said. “And I really really need to… to get a hand down there… like I was some little kid…”

“You can’t hold it any more?” Mira asked.

“Not much more,” Morgan answered, sounding humiliated already.

“Well,” Mira said, “I need to grab my crotch like a little kid too. So I might as well grab two crotches.” She unbuckled her seat belt, reached over, and pushed her hand against Morgan’s crotch. She re-crossed her legs over her other hand, sitting a little askew in her seat. “Does that help, hon?”

“A little,” Morgan said. Mostly it was turning her on. It had been a long time since Mira’s fingers were down there, and at their touch, many old and very sexy memories flowed back to her mind.

“Join the Hold-Yourself Club, Alli,” Mira said. “All the cool kids are doing it!”

“I was grabbing my crotch before it was cool,” Alli said, trying for humor despite her desperation—and in fact, she was already holding herself.

“Did you just try to out-hipster us on holding our crotches?” Morgan asked.

“Look at that fucking pisster,” Mira said wryly.

“Oh, god, don’t make me laugh,” Morgan said, panic and humor at war in her voice. “Or if you do, press harder! I need to pee so incredibly badly right now. I can’t think straight, I can barely steer straight…”

“You need a way to pee before you crash us all,” Mira said, pressing a little harder as she’d been asked to do.

“We all need a way to pee,” Alli said, clutching herself. “I’m bursting so bad…” She put her other hand out onto the seat next to her as she leaned forward. Her fingers found the towel lying there, and clentched the cloth between her desperate fingers.

Inspiration struck. Necessity is the mother of invention, and desperation is one step beyond that.

“We can use the towel,” Alli said. “We can pee into it.”

“What?” Morgan asked.

“We can pee into the towel! It’s supposed to absorb water, isn’t it?”

“Yeah. And if it smells we can just chuck it out the window. Brilliant, sis! Now give it to me.”

“But it was my idea!” Alli wailed. She’d already unzipped her jeans (she’d unbuttoned them half an hour ago.)

“I’m driving!”

“We all need to pee really bad,” Mira said. “But I gotta go with the driver needing it first.”

“I go second, then,” Alli said.

“Fine. Gimme the towel so Morgan can pee.”

“I’m gonna need some help, Mir,” Morgan said. “I have to keep driving.”

“Lift your butt up off the seat, I’ll get your shorts down.”

“That would be such a sexy sentence any other time,” Morgan gasped, doing as she was told.

“Once we get home,” Mira agreed, wrestling with the elastic of Morgan’s waistbands—first of her shorts, then of her underwear—and wrestling with her own bladder now that she wasn’t holding herself.

“Quick!” Morgan said, and Mira shoved the towel underneath her girlfriend’s crotch. “Good to go, love,” she said.

“Oh thank god,” Morgan said, and let go, still keeping her butt in the air.

The sound of her stream was a trigger to both the other bursting bladders in the car. Alli yelped and shoved her fingers even harder into her crotch, through the fabric of her panties. Mira spurted.

“Morgan, stop peeing, I need it back now, I’m about to burst!” Alli hollered.

“I’m not done yet,” Morgan said. “Oh, fuck, this feels so good…”

“Morgan!”

Her little sister’s scream did something in the depths of Morgan’s brain, and she said, “Okay, okay, I’m stopping, I’m stopping!” And somehow she managed to squeeze it off. The last bit she let out (for there was plenty more left in her bladder) spattered onto the towel quite loudly, and that set Mira’s bladder off again: a longer spurt this time. Mira grabbed the towel and moved it toward her own crotch.

“Mira, I’m gonna pee my pants!” Alli shrieked.

“I am pissing my pants!” Mira said. “Just let me have it for a second, take the edge off…”

“Doesn’t quite work that way,” Morgan said. “I’ve gotta go just as bad, still.”

“Mira, you promised…”

“Just for a second!”

“Mira!”

Mira just ignored her this time. She didn’t bother getting her shorts down; since her shorts were both quick-dry fabric and already wet, and since she wasn’t wearing any underwear, she just shoved the towel directly against her shorts and didn’t try to pinch back her third squirt.

“Mira, I’m pissing myself!”

“I told you, so am I!”

“It’s coming out!”

“Okay, hold on,” Mira said, struggling to squeeze it off.

“I can’t hold on! I can’t hold it any more! I’m peeing!”

Mira wasn’t quite sure she’d pinched her stream all the way back, but she handed the towel off anyway.

Allison tore her jeans and panties down in a desperate spasm and stuffed the towel against her in the next motion. She let out a huge groan of relief as she finally peed.

“Careful, if it gets soaked all the way it’ll start leaking,” Mira pointed out.

“Oh god, it feels so good,” Allison said, ignoring Mira in turn.

“Hey Alli, you’ve had your turn, I need it back now!” Morgan said.

“We both need it back!” Mira added.

“I don’t care, I’ve never felt this good,” Allison said. “Not even when AJ went down on me that one time…”

“You’re gonna soak the towel!”

“It was my idea!”

“Yeah, but I’m driving!”

“Alli, finish peeing in your water bottle,” Mira commanded, “Morgan needs the towel.”

“She can have the bottle,” Alli said, arching her back in bliss. Mira blinked. In that movement, Allison looked enough like Morgan having an orgasm to confuse Mira’s already somewhat-engaged sex drive.

“She can’t aim while she’s driving,” Mira pointed out.

“Okay, I’m almost done,” Alli said.

“Almost?!?” Morgan said. “I’m still dying up here ‘cause I stopped for you!”

“All right, here you go,” Alli said, and handed the towel forward. “I still need to go a little bit but I can hold that much now.”

“This is just about soaked, Alli!” Mira said. “I warned you…”

“Not that corner. Morgan can use that part.”

“And me?”

“Here’s my bottle!”

Mira sighed, exasperated and still desperate, as she tried to rearrange the towel so Morgan had a dry patch to pee into.

“Hurry,” Morgan said. “With my shorts down I can barely hold it…”

“You’re telling me,” Mira said, finally getting the towel into place.

Morgan tried to keep one eye on the road and one eye on the rapidly-saturating towel underneath her. “I think we’ve pretty much filled this up,” she said, noting that it was now all much darker than before. She squeezed the rest off. “I guess I’ll have to try the bottle.”

“I’m filling the bottle,” Mira pointed out.

“Well, leave a little room for me, I still need to go,” Morgan said.

“So do I!” Alli chimed in.

“You can hold it, you just about filled the towel. And I’ve still gotta drive.”

“Bottle’s full,” Mira said. “I’m not quite empty, though,”

“Pour it out the window and we’ll all use it again,” Alli said.

“I’m still not sure about that thing,” Morgan said. “That opening is tiny.”

“Fine!” Mira said, and stripped her shorts all the way off. “I pissed my shorts, and they’ll dry out. We’ll all empty out into them.

“You’re sure?” Morgan said, incredulous.

“Yeah. And to prove it—” Mira held the wadded-up shorts against her and let go for the third time in as many minutes, finally draining her little tank all the way to empty.

“My turn,” Morgan said, and Mira helped her.

“Now me!” Alli said—but Mira shook her head. “You’ll have to wait a second.” She got Morgan dressed again first, letting the driver resume her duties undistracted. Then she rolled down the window and wrung out her shorts. Only then did she let Alli finish peeing. Then she emptied her water bottle onto the shorts to rinse them out.

Vastly relieved, the girls crossed the bridge at last—with Mira half-naked in the front seat.

With no need for a pit stop, they drove without stopping until they were past the Tri-Cities. Then Alli and Mira asked for a stop at a rest area, but Mira had to wait until someone could find her something to wear into the bathroom.

With Alli returned home, Morgan said to Mira, “Well, now what?”

“Now,” Mira said, “you come back to my bed.”

“Oh, good. Having your hand on my pussy, and then riding the rest of the way home with you half-naked in my car… well, I’m pretty worked up.”

“Good,” Mira said. “Good.”

###

Thanks for reading, everybody!

(Some people will spot the influence of the old story "Backseat Bursting." Because that's an underage story, I wanted to create my own version with legally-sexy girls.)

*011*2018-09-05 02:59

Thanks so much, folks! I quite enjoyed writing this second part.

To those asking -- I think this is a one-off, intended as my "anniversary gift" to the forum. I started writing another story that could go a little further... but honestly, the more one-offs I write, the less time I have to write about Meagan and Parker, my real heroes. To say nothing of my non-omo writing. So I think we will have to bid farewell to these women... although there might well be an expanded version of the tale available someday.

