Melony and Daughter: Role Reversal - Page 2

Author: WetCountry

*030*2014-05-18 05:12

Chapter 6

"Oh hun, please let me go! It's really urgent!" Melony pleaded. By now her bladder was rather obviously bulging out, her jeans made all the tighter by it as they dug in and pushed against it, adding to the pressure. She was at the bursting point, her hand tightly gripping her crotch. As Mei let the confused-looking person who was next in line go ahead, the gravity of the situation finally set in. "No mom. I don't believe you really 'need' to pee. You can wait longer." Melony was full to the brim, past the point of regaining her composure again. The squirming, the grabbing, it was all she could do to keep from leaking out.

"But hun I really do need to pee, really bad!" she pleaded, bending over so far, she almost fell. Hearing her mom admit to 'needing' to pee was like music to Mei's ears. It was something so rare, she couldn't recall ever hearing her say it until today. "No, you have to wait. The line's already moving ahead, so it would be inconvenient to let you go now anyway. You're not really going to pee yourself like a little girl, are you?" she said, poking at whatever pride Melony had left.

"N-no... of course not. I'm a grown woman, I can... I..." Melony was too conflicted to give a confident answer at this point. "Well, if you don't really think you're going to pee yourself, then you can still hold it." Another person in line approached, noticing Melony's predicament. "Um, you can go ahead of me if you need in there urgently. You look like you're about to pop." Apparently she hadn't overheard the conversation. Melony looked at the woman, then back to her daughter, then back at the woman, and answered with a reluctant "No, I don't need to pee, I'm fine." Finally giving in, Melony turned toward the exit, and the two of them left the bathroom line. Melony needed much effort just to walk a short distance, both hands still between her legs as she bent over, desperately fighting to keep it in. She had no choice, she had to unzip. She was determined to hold it no matter what, she would not be having an accident in front of all these people, especially not her daughter.

Looking down at her jeans, she reached desperately for the button, bouncing frantically with her legs crossed. Finally she managed to unbutton and unzip her pants giving herself some much-needed breathing room. It felt like a weight had literally been lifted off of her bladder, which was bulging so much it almost looked like she was concealing a watermelon. She felt heavy, and each step was more ache than she wanted to deal with. But at least with her pants unzipped, she was able to stand up mostly straight, albeit with a hand still squeezing her pussy firmly shut, and the front of her panties exposed to the world. Pink cotton, low-rise, and very stare-worthy. "So are we heading home now then?" Melony asked. To her dismay though, Mei answered matter-of-factly, "Not yet. I'm thirsty. We should get drinks before we go."

'We'. This terrifying word automatically included Melony by default, and she couldn't turn down a drink in front of her daughter, but she wasn't sure she could last much longer with all the liquid she had, let alone pile on even more. Her bladder was telling her that it could not fill any further, that it had expanded as much as it possibly could. She fought with these doubts constantly, trying to convince herself she could still wait. "My bladder is so full, I'm about to leak!" one thought seemed to say. "But you haven't yet." seemed to come the response. "I can't hold another drop!" came her inner doubts, and "Yes you can! You have to! You have no choice!" came her inner reassurances. All of these racing thoughts buzzed around in her head, torturing her the entire way. Before she knew it, she was standing in front of the vending machine with her daughter.

Mei inserted two dollars and retrieved two bottles of lemonade. She handed one to her mom, then took a seat at a nearby table to drink, motioning for her mom to join her. Melony approached the chair across from her daughter, slowly lowering herself onto it as shifting into a sitting position added some unwanted extra pressure to her bladder. She crossed her legs beneath the table, as tight as she could, and held on to her crotch for dear life. Her free hand was holding the bottle her daughter had given her, which she was unable to open with only one hand. Though deep down, she didn't really want to. She'd give anything to keep that bottle closed forever. And just as those thoughts entered her mind, Mei said "Here." and opened it herself, handing back the unscrewed bottle to her mom like it was no big deal. "We'll leave as soon as we're done drinking." she said.

Finally some hope! If Melony could make it back home, at least she wouldn't have to worry about wetting her pants in public. After careful thought, she made the difficult decision to chug that bottle down as fast as she could. If they left soon, they could be home before it reached her bladder. She tossed the empty bottle into a recycle bin and sat with both hands between her crossed legs. However, Mei was taking her time with her bottle, knowing full well what Melony was up to. She sipped at it. Casually taking a swig here or there, chipping away at it like normal people drink drinks. Melony cringed at the sight, now realizing her mistake. Twenty minutes passed before Mei was finally done, twenty minutes that felt like twenty hours to Melony. How much longer did she have until that liquid would reach her? Was it enough time to get home? She would soon find out, as Mei finally stood and said, "Phew! What a day! Let's head home, shall we?"

*033*2014-05-25 01:31

Thank you for following my first public solo story. We have now reached the finale, and I would greatly appreciate your feedback with my story overall. Anything you would've done differently, anything that didn't quite seem right, any issues you took with the plot, or even simple grammar mistakes. Hoping you all enjoy the final chapter!

Chapter 7

Melony needed as much effort to stand as she did to sit, carefully uncrossing her legs, backing the chair up inch-by-inch, each motion sloshing the liquids around inside her. As she slowly rose out of her chair, she had to pause several times to stand perfectly still while she held herself and fought with her bladder. Eventually, she was standing straight enough to walk to the parking lot, her hand still between her legs, squeezing her crotch beneath her pants now. Melony wanted to sprint to the car, but her daughter was walking at a normal, or perhaps slower than normal pace that she was forced to follow, else she'd raise suspicion. Though at this point it was just a formality. Melony knew she was desperate and she knew Mei knew it, and Mei knew she knew that she knew it too. But Melony would not give in, not when she was this close to relief. Finally, after a five minute walk to a vehicle two minutes away, they were at the door. This was the part Melony was dreading - the drive home.

Melony lowered herself into the car much the same way she had to lower herself into a chair, gripping her crotch and taking her time. Knowing she'd need both hands to drive, she attempted to cross her legs. But she discovered that there wasn't enough space underneath the dashboard to prop one leg up over another, especially not with her thick thighs. She started to sweat as she realized the predicament she was in. Melony couldn't cross her legs, she couldn't hold herself, and she'd have to drive all the way home, with bumps and twists and turns to worry about. How could she ever pull this off? With her legs uncrossed, she attempted to let go of her crotch, only to quickly jam her hand back down there seconds later, moaning softly.

"What's the matter?" Mei asked. "Oh, n-nothing dear. Give me a second..." Melony leaned forward with both hands between her legs, squeezing hard, breathing heavily, doing everything she could to get her bladder under control. She let out a few pained gasps. "Oooh... OOOH!..." Mei watched this display with amusement, like sweet vengeance was finally being served. In that moment, she felt so powerful, as it hit her that she is the one who did this. It was by her will that her mom was moaning with desperation, and it felt so gratifying.

Melony slowly, gradually removed her hands, one at a time, being really careful not to make any sudden movements. She panted, taking deep breaths as her hand firmly grasped the wheel and her other hand turned the key. Melony felt her desperation intensifying without her hands there to help, and she fought it off by leaning forward, putting a lot of distance between her back and the seat.

"Ooooo..." she moaned, as she struggled to keep that ocean at bay. When she was finally sure she had her bladder under control, she took off, speeding out the parking lot and nearly cutting somebody off to make the first green light leading on to the main road. She was desperate to get home, her legs tight together to stave off the flood. It would be another 10 minutes speeding down the highway before she reached their exit, leading to a series of residential roads with reduced speed limits and far more turns. Every red light was torturous, making her wait that much longer and robbing her momentarily of any distraction from her bladder.

As they hit another red light, Mei stared at Melony with glee in her eyes, taking in her mom's plight, enjoying it. Melony wanted so badly to plunge her hand between her legs, but feared if she did so, she wouldn't be able to remove it once the light turned. "Come on, come on!" she pleaded with the light, jiggling her leg with her body still hunched over. Finally, it turned. But as Melony went to make a left, the oncoming flow of cars seemed never-ending, and unwilling to allow her a chance to turn. She was forced to wait for all of them to pass before she could do it, and they all seemed to be going much slower than they needed to.

It felt as if the entire world was in on Mei's sadistic game. Though perhaps they really were driving slower, giving themselves adequate time to gawk at Melony's massive chest through her window. Finally, the vehicles passed and she was able to turn. A few more roads and they were finally nearing home. But the roads in their small residential area were way overdue for repair, and as she drove over them, the bumps and holes caused the car to jiggle as if equipped with hydraulics, the liquid in her bladder sloshing around and crashing against the inner walls. She bit her lip and winced, shifting around in her seat as much as she could.

As they approached their house, Melony's desperation skyrocketed, brought upon in part by the proximity of their bathroom, and in part by the bottle of lemonade which was no doubt reaching her. She had no choice anymore, she crammed her hand in her crotch, holding herself underneath her pants. Mei's eyes lit up and she couldn't hide her smile. With one hand on the wheel, Melony cautiously turned into the driveway. No time to wait for the garage door to open and park the car properly, she was far too desperate for any more delays.

She put on the parking brakes, got out of the car, and dashed for the front door, fiddling for her keys along the way with her one free hand. Mei watched her mom pee-dance in place as she struggled to get the door open, sighing and groaning at this one last barrier keeping the desperate woman from sweet relief. The key was finally in! She turned it, and the knob, and flung the door open, tossing the keys on the counter as she ran inside, yanking off her jeans on the way to the bathroom. "Hold up!" came Mei's voice, the least welcome sound on earth to Melony right now.

"Are you serious?" she said, already knowing what to expect. "Hun, please! I can't hold it anymore!" Melony pleaded with both hands squeezing her crotch. With her pants off, her panties were completely exposed, looking far tighter than before, and strained under the pressure of her bulging bladder. "I'm not convinced." Mei said. "You told me your bladder could wait as long as you told it to. So tell it to wait longer!" Melony whimpered, too far beyond the point where pride was a factor anymore. Just then, Mei placed her hand on her mom's bladder and poked, causing her to bend over, cross her legs, and wiggle violently while she cried out in agony.

Mei quickly shut the front door for fear that Melony's moaning might be misinterpreted by any passerby. Her mouth was wide open with a big, toothy smile that was far beyond her control. She sat down on the couch and just watched. Taking in the sight of her mom's defeat. Enjoying it. Loving it even. "How much longer do I have to wait?" she pleaded. "Much longer, if you keep asking!" Mei answered, almost too enthusiastically. Melony bounced, wiggled, squirmed in place, crossed her legs, uncrossed them. All that pent-up pee felt inches away from getting out. She was sweating profusely from the excessive strain, dampening her shirt in such a way that her bra was rather easily visible.

Mei looked at the clock, noting the time. It had now been a full 24 hours since she came home from school desperate, much in the same predicament her mom was in now. She thought of the agony. But rather than be overcome with satisfaction that she was now getting her revenge, she felt feelings of empathy. She remembered what it was like to feel so helpless and yet so full, and she realized she was enjoying this way too much. What is wrong with me? she thought, as the pleasure melted away and reality returned to her. "Alright fine, mom. You can pee."

"Ohgodthankyousomuch!!!" Melony exclaimed as she dashed toward the bathroom, not risking any chance of her daughter taking it back. She didn't have time to pull her panties down, pee already starting to escape her the moment she entered. As she sat down on the seat, it all burst out, gushing hard and fast, soaking her panties and shooting straight through them, making a loud tinkling sound.

"OOOOOOOOHHHHH..." she moaned as it was finally leaving her. This immense piss went on for three minutes straight, Mei hearing the whole thing from where she was sitting. As Melony finally reached a state of emptiness, the full scope of what had just occurred finally hit her, and she blushed bright red as she realized how pathetic and weak she'd looked in front of her daughter. She grabbed a pair of panties hanging off the side of the shower, replacing her soaked pair so Mei wouldn't see what happened, then took a few minutes to fix her hair and wash her face in the mirror, leaving the bathroom looking refreshed, relaxed, and unfazed.

"Wow mom, that was impressive!" Mei commented. "You lasted that long? You must've felt so incredibly full! I can't even imagine how badly you needed to pee!" At this comment, Melony shook her head. "Oh, no dear. I didn't 'need' to pee. I told you, I'm in charge. Not my bladder." Mei raised an eyebrow. "But you admitted several times how badly you needed to go." To this, Melony smiled and said, "That was a test, of course. You called me out on it a few times, but why did you let me go just now? Did I really fool you that easily?"

Mei gritted her teeth. "But... but..." she had no words. "Now dear, it was a good effort, but hardly a challenge for me. So from now on, no more complaining if I make you hold it. And speaking of which, that bottle of lemonade must have hit you by now. I think you can wait another two hours before letting it out." Mei glared angrily. You witch! There's no way that was all fake! she thought. Nobody can take in that much liquid and just be fine with it! You were desperate, I just know it! Her eyes moved to her mom's bladder, which was far flatter than it was when they arrived. From there, they moved further south, to her panties. A familiar shade of pink, yes, but Mei could tell they weren't the same pair.

Mei smirked. She knew she'd won. But if Melony wouldn't admit defeat, it was all for nothing. No matter. Mei knew now that even her mom had limits, and now that the little mercy she'd shown was just thrown back in her face, she was more motivated than ever to see her mom defeated. There's no way I'm giving up now. I will make you wet yourself if it's the last thing I do! This is far from over!

The end... for now.

