The Company Retreat

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2022-06-20 19:59

I wrote this as a response to the writing competition prompt (not to be included in the actual competition)

The Company Retreat

Lauren sighed wistfully as she rested her hands on the bathroom counter and looked herself over in the mirror. She told herself she wouldn’t let this happen, but the chemistry between her and her coworker, Mark, was undeniable, and the longer that this alcohol fueled company retreat went on, she began wonder how much longer they would be able to resist each other.

Feeling tingly from the affects of the alcohol she had consumed earlier, she pulled up her tight blue bikini bottom and draped her resort branded robe over her shoulders, tying it up at the front.

Earlier at brunch, over a few drinks, she and Mark had agreed to use their sauna vouchers together, it was something they had both always wanted to do after all, surely nothing wrong with a friendly steam.

Feeling naughty, Lauren almost crept through the halls of the resort until she reached the spa, where Mark was oh so casually waiting. They quietly checked in at the front desk and entered their respective locker rooms. Here, Lauren abandoned her robe and bikini in favor of a regular bath towel, then proceeded out in to the main area of the spa, where Mark was emerging on the other side. They made brief eye contact, then proceeded quickly to their assigned room, making sure that they weren’t seen before entering together.

Lauren felt a great sense of a relief as she and Mark took their seats in the sauna and chatted casually as they began to relax, despite the obvious tension hanging in the warm air. This being a quite mild “beginner” Sauna that was surely intended as more of a romantic social experience than an authentic sauna experience, they were scheduled for an hour.

Lauren nearly lost track of time as she and Mark chatted while nervously sipping from the carafes of water they had been left to avoid dehydration and by about the 30 minute mark, Lauren was certainly feeling a need to pee. This wasn’t surprising considering all the alcohol and water she had consumed, but she wasn’t concerned, she would go after another 30 minutes when she got back to the locker room.

With only 10 minutes remaining, Lauren was finding it difficult to remain engaged in the conversation. She was constantly squirming, talking fast, and barely listening to what Mark was saying. It was only 10 more minutes, but there was no sense sitting in such discomfort, so she told Mark she was going to take a quick break and step outside for a moment, before eagerly standing up and making for the sliding door.

As she approached, she was able to see a bit better through the foggy glass and her heart drop when she what was on the other side. A few of the companies senior managers were enjoying champagne in a hot tub just outside of the room she and Mark were in. The idea of them seeing her in just a towel horrified her, but even worse was the fact that if she slid the door open, there would be nowhere for Mark to hide, and their bosses would see them in there together.

She quickly retreated back to her seat and informed Mark what she had seen. They were hidden for now, but their session would end soon and surely the staff would come and kick them out. Lauren’s legs were now in flying in every which direction as her bladder was pounding, but she was hardly focused on that and much more worried about the situation at hand. She and Mark were basically silent as the clock ticket past 2:00, indicating the end of their session. They nervously awaited the humiliation, but the clocked ticked on, 2:03, 2:04, 2:05. Lauren stood up, causing a pang from her bladder, and leaned back toward the door and peeked out past the fog. The big wigs were still there, but no sign of any staff, and as she saw a red light on one of the other sauna’s across the spa, she realized something - they had never started the timer for the session, and the staff had likely completely forgotten about them.

Lauren’s mind raced as she relayed what she had learned to Mark, who didn’t seem to be nearly as relieved as she thought he would be. On one hand, she was incredibly relieved to have avoided the humiliation she had resigned herself to experiencing, on the other hand, her bladder was no once again on the forefront of her mind. She was trapped indefinitely in a small room with her coworker, and she REALLY needed to go to the bathroom. Being naked in a towel certainly wasn’t helping matters.

Letting out a huff she sat back down and crossed her legs, staring longingly at the drain in the corner of the room. Time crawled by as the conversation between Lauren and Mark grinded to an awkward halt. Lauren’s mind was racing with solutions as her bladder inflated past the point of discomfort and in to emergency territory. It had been a long time since she’d needed to go this badly. She rubbed her sweat covered thighs together under her towel and looked longingly up at the ceiling.

Time continued to crawl on. Lauren was constantly peeking out the window of the small room, praying each time that she would discover the managers had left and that she would finally be freed from this torture. As a mounting pressure continued to pound on her sphincter, she resolved to take this 5 minutes at a time. She would count to 350, then check to see if the managers had left, so that she wasn’t constantly getting up and really getting herself in to a panic.

241, 242…. 24…3 Lauren gasped and bent over as she felt a leak dribble out in to her towel. She let out a moan and hunched over before jumping up, pacing quickly in a circle and then rushing to the window, horrified to see that the damn managers were still just outside, with seemingly no intention of moving.

“Are they still there?” she heard Mark groan from behind her. Spinning around to face him, making eye contact for the first time in a while, she noticed that Mark too was hunched over, and she could only see one of his arms, the other apparently under his towel.

“Um, yeah…” she responded, stumbling back to her seat

“Jesus Lauren” Mark gasped “I’m sorry about this but God, I just have to do this, I’m so sorry”

Lauren looked on as Mark stood up and hobbled past her, she could he tell he was slightly parting his towel in front of him as he sank to his knees in front of the drain and almost immediately Lauren heard a rush of liquid erupt from him and begin splattering in to the drain.

The sound, oh god the sound, she tried to quickly grab herself, but Lauren was unable to reach her frantic aching pussy in time due to the tightness of the towel she was wrapped up in and a jet of hot pee shot out, wetting the towel under her. She quickly stood up and burried her hand in her crotch “Oh God” she groaned.

Mark didn’t even notice, his stream going on, and on, and on until finally calming down in to a few short final blasts. As he stood up and re secured the towel around his waste, Lauren finally made her move. She absolutely could not wait any longer. Trying to use the towel to shield herself as best she could, she dropped in a low squat and erupted in to the drain, moaning as she let out the longest most urgent piss she had ever taken. She kept her eyes closed as, like Mark’s, her stream went on and on and on before finally tapering off. Blushing wildly, she opened her eyes and saw Mark standing by the door trying to look away but clearly in shock.

“Hey” he said, glancing back out the window “Looks like they finally left”

