Rina and Sally - Page 2

Author: WaityKaty

*027*2021-08-14 16:07

{{On 8/10/2021 at 9:36 PM, xixi said:

I have to say it: fantastic writing!

Once again, the protagonists have such a great chemistry - just lovely!

}}

{{On 8/12/2021 at 7:22 AM, bangboom said:

This is my favourite story on this site

Thank you

}}

Aww thanks so much

(I'm working on writing up the next chapter. Still storyboarded three ahead)

*029*2021-08-19 15:30

I slide up next to Rina so that we barely brush arms, with the intent of holding her hand while we wait to be picked up. Instead I shoulder-charge her in the scapula. Stupid wine.

Luckily I don't barge her into the begonias.

"You good Sal?" Luckily I'm getting the impression that she found my friends embarrassing me all evening charming rather than off-putting. She must love me or something. "You seem a little unsteady on your feet?"

"Forgetful too!" I tell her proudly.

I see her check I've got my handbag with me.

"Not that." I lean over and whisper in her ear, loudly, "I forgot to do a wee before we left." Then I bite her ear, hard.

She takes my continued manhandling gracefully. "OK. Three points. One: Yay." She takes both my hands. Maybe to defend herself. "Two: You need to talk a bit quieter because I know you don't really want your friends to hear you saying... certain things. And three: Are you sure you can hold it? It'll be like twenty minutes till we get home and wetting yourself in the back of a strangers car would be... not great?"

I've considered that and timed things out. I've got twenty minutes in me. I barely even need to go. She's got a good point about being quieter though. Kirsty is coming out the front as well. I instinctively let go of Rina's hands and immediately regret it. Especially when I see her face. I want to fix things but I can't with Kirsty right there.

"Hey girls!" Kirsty walks over to us, "Can I share you ride? Isaac can't pick me up after all." Typical Isaac. I absolutely roll my eyes. No way Kirsty didn't notice. I'm not casting myself in the best light tonight am I?

"Of course you can!" Rina says, without even knowing where Kirsty lives. It's on the way. Ish. But it'll add at least ten minutes to our travel time. I can hardly object. Or go back inside to use the toilet before we go because a car has pulled up in front of Gabby's. It's for us. Mrmm yay.

Kirsty takes the front seat so Rina and I can sit together and hits up our driver with directions. We haven't left the street when I feel my handbag vibrate in my lap. My phone, of course.

Hey babe. Sorry. Is it OK that we are dropping Kirsty off? I prolly should have checked with you first, hey?

I text her a reply.

Totes. Isaac never picks her up. Cockbite.

You can run in and pee at Kirsty's if you need to? K? I won't be disappointed. Don't stress yourself out being desperate in front of a stranger!

But I'm behind a stranger??

We chitchat out loud for a bit. Kirsty is openly annoyed with Isaac. Maybe herself. Maybe me. I do consider asking her if I can pop to her loo, because by the time we drop her off I do properly need a wee. But ultimately decide that's kind of an embarrassing thing to do. Plus she might want to yell at Isaac. Who is very likely in front of his Xbox in the living room. I don't want to be there for that.

I have some regrets as we pull away.

So... I really need to pee.

I told you to go at Kirsty's! How far away from home are we?

Twenty? About that?

Are you good for twenty? I can get him to stop at a petrol station or Macca's or something?

That would be really embarrassing

As embarrassing as pissing yourself on his seat???

Less embarrassing than that. More embarrassing than just holding it like a big girl

*lick*

I was mostly playing when we sent those messages. A little cyber-foreplay. But halfway home I was actually, for real, feeling it. Like I might pee myself feeling it. Stupid wine. Stupid never-have-I-ever game.

You're absolutely gorgous

*gorgeus

*gorgeous???

Autocorrect failing you?

Worried bladder control is going to fail me

Babe!!! I told you we could stop! Are you OK to make it home???

Ummmm. Not sure?

Should I put my hand up?

I don't think you need to ask for permission here hon?

Not like that! Like, up my dress?

Um... Yeah. You should do that?

Does that help you hold on much?

Rina's eyes are glued to my lap. She can't see anything though. She sees potential. I might be sitting directly behind our helpful driver guy but I'm careful to make sure my dress if still covering my lap, even as I'm holding-rubbing myself through my knickers.

Kinda I guess? It certainly feels like the thing to do? Maybe I'm just horny

I am very honry. if that was not clear.

*horny

I'm going to do things to you when we get home my beautiful sexy girl.

Does it help you?

Holding myself? Nah. Just gets my hands wet as well

Damn babe. I can't wait till you're the one touching me.

Can't wait. heh

Try to wait! We are nearly home. Super nearly. You don't need to make it to the loo. Just not behind this guy.

Oh I'm not making it too the loo. nope nope nope. With luck, out of the car...

You pierce my soul.

Halfway between hope and agony?

You do read the books I give you!

Of course I do.

When the car pulls in, luckily nicely near our place, I jump up straight away and bolt from the car faster than is seemly. Relieved I've not relieved myself on the cloth seats of a car I don't own. Standing up, and maybe the sudden loss of manual pressure, leads to leakage. I clench, I burn. I straight-up run for the front door, surprising myself that I've not leaving a wet trail as I go. We live on a kinda busy street with shops and restaurants and stuff. I'd prefer not to wet myself here either. I hit the door step, try the door-knob, realise that it is, of course, locked and grab my handbag to rummage for my keys. Shit! Handbag!

Rina is only a few steps behind me, with my bag, she's kinda quick? But it's already too late. A sudden burst of pressure and it's numbly running down my legs. Rina throws herself against me rather than watch. Hand tight on my wrist, mouth firmly against mine, her tongue darting between my teeth. I'm sure I'm getting her wet. It's in my heels.

I give myself to her.

When I'm finished Rina unlocks the door, still pressing me hard up against it. We shuffle step into the hall as it swings open. Rina kicks it closed. I don't take my eyes off her face.

She unzipping my dress, unclasping my bra, I'm being opened up.

I expect to be led upstairs to our bedroom. But inside she lowers me to the rug barely inside the door. Thread-worn and drab. Her grandmother's taste, surely.

"You're good yeah babe? You don't want to go to bed?" She says. Her mouth three inches from mine.

"I'm really good." I keep my gaze steady on hers for a moment, and then pull her toward me. Lips again on mine. Her body pressing on me. Firm against the rug. Secure. I hook my heels around her calves.

Her mouth on my neck. Her hands on mine. Her thigh between my legs. I press myself against her. Begging for friction enough. I shut my eyes and fall into myself. Feel all of her. Want all of her.

I moan frustration when she withdraws her thigh from me. Am mollified by her hand. She murmurs in my ear, checking on me. I knot my fingers in her hair, headless of the hair-pins through it. Holding her to me.

Rina's fingers find their way inside me. Curling gently against my inner walls. I push up against her palm, gasping.

Cheeks together, head full of her scent, I explode gently. Rippling along her fingers. She holds me tightly, the fibres of her Grandmother rug imprinting my back.

Sweet mother, I cannot weave.

*031*2021-08-25 15:48

I slide back into my desk chair after a much needed visit to the loo just down the hall. Desperately needed actually. I really shouldn't leave it that late or one day I'll wind up wetting my chair. I work from home, my old sleep-space actually. My bed is still there but I've not slept in it in more than a month. Feels... commitmenty to get rid of it though?

I dig back into the article I left open on my computer, for about fifteen seconds, when my phone rings and scares me half to death. It's on as loud as it goes because I'm always leaving it somewhere and needing Rina to ring it for me so I can find the damn thing. Today it is three inches from my right hand. Good thing I just went to the toilet.

It's Rina. Which is a surprise, she doesn't usually call me during the work-day. A pleasant surprise though.

"Hey babe?" I answer. "What's up?"

I can tell something is wrong from her breathing. Even before she answers.

"Can you come pick me up? Please?"

"Yeah of course!" I'm already standing up and trying to remember where I've left my keys. "What's happened?"

She takes a second longer to answer than she should. Reluctance. "I'm really upset. I just want to come home."

"OK. That's OK. I'm coming to get you." I've never done that before. Never even been to her building, though I know roughly where it is.

"Thanks." And just as I'm about to hang up she talks again. "Hayley will meet you outside the front door. And... can you bring me some clothes?" She sounds positively pained to ask.

"Yeah? What kind of clothes?" Why would not Rina meet me herself?

"It doesn't matter... I wet my pants, OK." She snaps. And hangs up before I can reply.

I feel sick for her. I know how much she actually hates that sort of thing happening to her outside a controlled environment. I go to our room and pack a plastic bag of clothes I've seen RIna wear to work. Stuff it in my biggest handbag. Find my keys under random stuff on the dining table. Natch.

I surprise myself by finding her building on more-or-less the first try. It's all glass and clean angles. I don't care for it much.

A woman around our age leans on a raised garden-bed nearish the front door.

"Hayley? I'm Sabrina's friend?" I wince inwardly at saying the unfamiliar name, but I don't actually know if she uses her nickname at work.

She blinks at me. "Oh, Rina! Yeah for sure. Come on, I'll take you to her."

We chit-chat about the building, how long Hayley has worked there, how long I've been living with Rina, as Hayley lead me past the receptionist and through a series of doors, corridors, desk corrals. Arcane machines blink and whir on the other side of large windows. Everything hums and-or flashes. Rina does something with microchemicals, or something.

We stop outside an accessible bathroom, off a side corridor. "Do you want to go in?" Hayley offers. "Or I can?"

"No no. I've got it." I smile back at my new acquaintance. I'm pretty sure Rina has mentioned her name before.

Rina lets me in after I knock quietly and whisper who I am, she barely opens the door wide enough to admit me.

I try to keep my eyes strictly on Rina's mascara streaked face, I've never actually seen her in wet pants. But, like, I can't not notice. Her pants are more wet than not. She's not wearing shoes. Shit, shoes and socks!

"I'm sorry sweetheart..." I offer a hug with my body language. She's not interested.

"Thanks for coming." She won't look at me.

I pull the plastic bag of her clothes out of my handbag and offer it to her. "I'll always come."

Rina shakes her head when I offer to wait outside while she changes. Which is good, because I'd feel really awkward waiting out there on my own. What would I say I'm doing if someone asked?

I don't watch her getting un(dressed), it feels inappropriate. I do watch her wincing as she puts her obviously wet shoes back on, without socks. She doesn't complain that I didn't bring the right clothes. I take the bag back all knotted and heavy, and hide it in my handbag. She takes off her make-up, while I feel useless and lean against the door.

She's still not looking at me. "I need to talk to my boss before I go. Can you wait for me outside?"

I'm definitely getting lost. I agree anyway.

I get lost. But still beat her outside. By less than a minute. We get in the car in silence.

When my mum used to pick me up after I wet myself we used to get ice-cream. I don't think that Rina wants me to make that offer. I think she just wants to go home. I don't blame her. We drive home in silence. She locks herself in the bathroom and turns on the shower as soon as we are inside. I get back to work and listen to it run.

I mostly expect her to come see me afterward. But she doesn't. And I don't know if she wants me to leave her alone or not. She didn't seem to want me before. But I can't not go to her. I feel a bit shaky.

She's on her balcony, curled up in the corner, wearing just a towel. Rain noise coming from her phone. Eyes shut and leaking. I can't see her until I open the balcony door to check.

I feel like an intruder. I'm starting to turn away when she holds a hand out, "Sally?" I notice how thin her fingers seem.

I take her hand and sit down next to her. Rina holds my fingers tightly and takes a very long time to talk. Then her words are all at once.

"I'm so embarrassed. So embarrassed. I'm so fucking stupid." She squeezes my hand too tight for a second. "I just put off going too long. Was busy with the spectraflow, in a zone, I knew I was busting but I just put it off till the last goddamned minute. And then I didn't make it. Fuck fuck fuck. How am I going to go back? Now I'm just the girl who pissed herself for no reason! I had to tell my boss. Fuck me."

I don't know what to say. I've done the same thing. I nearly did the same thing today! But I don't think that'd make her feel any better.

She lays her head in my lap. I'm afraid to move.

*034*2021-08-26 13:50

{{7 hours ago, Manowar said:

Gods, poor Rina. This is excellent chapter because it shows how the situation change if someone who likes to pee herself (or himself too) do this by accident in totaly inapropriate situation... But she won't break up with Sally, will she?

}}

{{15 minutes ago, xixi said:

Poor Rina, I'm torn for her.

Excellent chapter! That certainly will lead to fantastic character development

Btw, what does exactly Sally work with? Has it been mentioned before? Now we know Rina is a chemist, chemical engineer or the likes. For some reason I had already assumed she was really a STEM professional of some sort.

}}

Thanks both, and everyone else who enjoyed this chapter.

I was a bit nervous about pulling the trigger on taking a, temporary, turn away from the "fun" vibe that the story up till now had. It was pretty important for character development required for the overarching plot though.

I'm glad you made that assumption! I started the story with Sally and Rina as fully formed characters in my head/notes. Compete with jobs/schooling in mind. So Rina has always been "some sort of research chemist".

Sally is a freelance writer. It's not been explicitly mentioned I don't think, because it hasn't been important. But I hope she "feels" like someone who has read classics

*035*2021-09-21 13:19

I slide awake, all smooth and fluid. I'm immediately aware that I'm peeing. I can hear it as well as feel it spreading up my back. I make a panicked attempt to stop, as pointless as it would be, but I've never been able to stop if I wake up wetting the bed. And I haven't picked up a new skill.

Fuck, fuck, fuck! Of all the nights!

The satin sheet saturates beneath me. It's up to my hair. Obviously I sleep on a mattress protector, so it's got nowhere to go but around me. I'll have to tell Rina. I don't want to. I'm worried she'll think I insensitively did it on purpose. I don't even know where we are with pee stuff now. I don't even know where we are right now. I don't want to hurt her.

It gets cold lying there. I have memories of waking my mother at 5am, memories of hoping-dreading someone else notices the puddle under my chair so I don't have to say it myself. I don't want to think about any of that. Don't drown in past humiliations. I have to tell her. Apologise. Fuck me.

"Rina..." I shake her shoulder a little when she doesn't respond to the first three tentative whispers.

Her eyes snap open. "Sally? What's wrong?"

I don't want to tell her so much. This really sucks. I'd been hoping I'd wet the bed for months now, and the one night I really don't want to, the one night I actually go to the toilet before bed, is, of course, the one night it happens. Natch.

"I'm sorry. I'm really, really sorry. I swear it was an accident." I babble and then start to cry. I don't want to, it's not embarrassment. I just... don't want to upset her.

"What's happened? Are you... Did you wet the bed?" She must have found my puddle with her hand or something. "It's OK! I promise I'm not upset!"

She reaches out to touch my face in the mostly-dark. Tracing my tears with her finger-tips.

"Did you think I'd be mad at you?" She says so softly.

"I... you were really upset. I... didn't want to hurt you." I feel small-brittle, wind-blowable.

Rina takes a beat to respond, I'm spun-glass.

"Babe. You haven't. Promise. I am upset about yesterday. I'm really embarrassed. I'm scared everyone will judge me and see me as 'that girl who pissed herself at work for no reason' and not for what I can do. I don't want to go back. But..." I wish I could see her face. "After it happened. All I wanted was you."

Her voice broke as she finished. I do too, my tension leaking away. I want to hug her, but I don't really want to get her wet. It's not that kind of moment. I touch her side instead, still apart.

"I will never, ever, be upset with you for anything like this. OK? I promise." Her hand on my arm.

"I love you Rina"

"You'll make me cry as well in a minute Sal." She laces her fingers through mine. "Shower time?"

I heat the shower up while Rina strips the bed. She insists. I strip my wet sleep-things into the washer and stand shivering slightly when Rina adds sheets to the load of washing. I notice her knickers are wet as well, my puddle spread more than I thought.

"Sorry I got you as well."

"You need to stop saying sorry, Love." She wraps her arms around me and pecks my lips. "Your hair is a bit wet."

I smile back at her teasing grin. "I have a big bladder!"

"But not a strong one!" I feel her hand run down my back to my naked bottom.

"You're one to talk!" I immediately regret the retort. I really don't want to ruin this.

"Grr!" She bites me on the neck, harder than usual. "Don't remind me!" She slaps my bottom to encourage me under the water.

Rina steps into the shower behind me. She's never done that before. Usually when I have a shower she sits on a towel and chats to me, or doom-scrolls on her phone. Even if she's planning on having a shower as well.

I duck my head under the water. Rinsing off quickly.

"So..." Rina's tone is her sexy-voice. It's Pavlovian now, I can feel my body respond to the pitch alone. "What happened? Did you have a dream?"

I reach for her. Pull her to me under the water. "Yes. But dreams are weird. I wouldn't go so far as to suggest it made total sense or anything."

"Was it one of the ones where you have an accident in your dream and then have one in real life as well?" Rina asks, then adds. "I've had that happen to me."

"Mmm." I kiss her mouth and fill my hands with her hair. "I'm going to need to ask you all about that."

"Are you really?" She gently pulls away from me and starts wetting her washcloth. "Would that interest you?"

"Yeah totally! I'm interested in you."

"Well obvs... but 'interest' you?" She looks up at me just briefly, then returns to studying the entire wet washcloth.

"Uh huh."

"OK then. I'll tell you sometime." She changes the subject, "Can I clean you with this?"

"Sure?" It's not what I expected her to say but... sure?

The warm, wet cloth runs smoothly over my skin. My chest, my arms. She presses her body to mine to do my back rather than asking me to turn around. "Tell me about your dream?" She beg-whispers in my ear as the cloth caresses my scapula.

"I was buying a pub or something. Dreams are really weird. And I was standing in the bar with the real estate lady when I realised I needed a wee. But I didn't want to interrupt her mid-spiel"

"Do you want to buy a pub?" Rina teases me, the washcloth draws across my belly, even as she keeps as much of herself against me as she can.

"No!" I giggle at the question, "Dream-Sally did though, I guess! Eventually I had to interrupt her and ask where the bathrooms were."

One of her hands is on my breast where she's pressed against me, the other strokes the front of my thighs with the cloth. "Did she tell you?"

"No... She just said she'd get to that and kept talking about financing options and random acronyms I think I made up."

The washcloth is on my inner thighs now. I part my legs instinctively, craving her touch. "That's a real problem for you, hey! Can't be rude and walk off while someone is speaking to you."

"I know right! But I had to go so bad" As I emphasise my need the cloth finds my vulva. Gently. I feel like melting. "So I... just did it right their in front of her. In my clothes while she was speaking. And she just kept on talking like it was nothing! And that's it. Dreams are weird."

Rina rubs me a few more times then lets the washcloth drop, disappointingly. "And then you woke up all... wet?"

"Actually... I woke up... wetting? But I can't stop when that happens." I know I'm blushing.

"Really!" Her voice is all throat and sex. "So you lay there just... doing a wee in our bed? Awake but unable to stop?"

"Yeah..." I bite my lower lip.

"That's so hot..." Rina kisses me softly on the mouth, but her passion tells. Her hands run trails down my lines.

She kisses my throat. My sternum. My belly. Between my legs.

I brace myself on a safety bar her grandmother must have had installed during her long decline. I'm glad of it, my legs are jelly under Rina's tongue. I can scarce remember to breathe.

The water pours down upon us both.

