An Embaressing Problem

Author: Wolfie

*000*2011-06-11 09:07

Hello again! I just thought I'd put down the short story I wrote here. The only problem is it's not that sexy and many people might not find it interesting. But anyway, here it is. Hope you all like it!

An Embarrassing Problem

Once there was a girl who went to highschool. Her name was Alice, and she was just an every day schoolgirl like anyone else at her school. Her life was fairly normal for a start, but soon that all changed. One day she saw a boy in her class. He was tall, maybe 180, with messy brown hair, and blue eyes - almost angellic - with slight asianic skin, and a gentle smile on his face. He was so dreamy; Alice felt her emotions melt on the inside. She really wanted the opportunity to talk to the boy, but she was way too shy to even try.

One day Alice was having a PE lesson and she saw Luke in her class. 'Maybe I will get the opportunity to talk to him today', she thought. But soon that became the last thing on her mind, as a more urgent matter soon presented itself.

"Teacher, I need to go to the toilet." She said.

But the teacher replied. "Not now. You can go later."

But Alice was desperate. She has a problem holding her bladder for a very long time. The doctors called it bladder weakness, but hers was a more severe case.

"Teacher please, it's urgent!"

"We will have a break in 15 minutes. But until then, there won't be any breaks!" The teacher snaps.

But she couldn't wait that long. It was getting harder to hold it with every passing moment. She tried hopping from foot to foot to hold it in. Barely a minute passes and her pain is nearly twice as worse. Thoughts cross her mind of dashing off to the changing rooms, but could she make it in time? With each passing second her muscles felt weaker and ready to give in. And the pain is nearly unbearable. Suddenly she feels a wet patch - a drop has made it past. Soon another one leaks through. She couldn't hold on much longer....

Finally she gives in, and to her sweet relief the pee begins to flow out. It quickly begins to trickle down her legs and form into a puddle below her. Some of the classmates soon notice and start to laugh at her again.

"Look! She wet herself again!" They laugh.

Alice was completely humiliated. Their laughs and sneers kept hurting her emotions like sharp daggers in the flesh. Why are they so cruel to her? It wasn't her fault she had an embarrassing problem.

The teacher soon finds out and yells for one of the students to take her to the changeroom.

"You will get detention for this, young lady!" he yells.

At this point Alice was close to crying. When she was taken around the corner and out of sight from anyone, she burst into tears. But the female student didn't offer any comfort.

"You are so stupid sometimes, you know that? Why can't you learn to control your bladder?!" She yells before leaving her in the changing room.

Alice didn't have a spare set of clothes to change into, and she didn't have the courage to ask for some. So she thought it would be best if she called her parents to take her home from school early. But even with her mother's car parked so close to the gym, it was more than embarrassing to just reach the car. Everyone could see that her dress was clearly wet, and some would snicker, giggle and laugh. It wasn't the first time something like this happened either. Sometimes the same thing happens in shopping malls. Other times she can lose control by laughing too hard, or even by sneezing. They always made fun out of her when it happened, because noone seemed to understand what her problem was. But deep down she hoped that Luke would be different. That he would understand. And as she got into the car, she was wondering what he was thinking of her of her right now.

A few weeks passed by and nearly everyone forgot about Alice's little mistake. Lucky for her it happened so often that people started losing interest in it. So now she was at home flicking through the school photo album. It was mostly for pictures of Luke, as even the sight of his photo would make her feel special. A camp excursion was coming up and she knew this would be a great opportunity to meet up with him. The only thing she's worried about was not messing things up with her little problem.

But sure enough, when the camp excursion came, the first night she woke up at 3am, and her bed is soaked. She starts to panic; all of the bedsheets are wet, and she has no idea what to do. Luckily everyone sleeps in their own bedroom, which meant noone will immediately know of her accident. But she still didn't know how to fix up her little spill on the bed.

She takes a peek outside into the hallway and to her relief someone was there. It turned out to be Luke - the boy of her dreams. She calls for his help and he graciously comes to her aid. He helped her changing everything; the mattress and bedsheets. He even offers her a spare change of clothes, but she already has a spare set of pyjamas. After the new mattress and bed has been laid, she explained her problem to Luke. But to her dearest surprise he wasn't upset about it at all. He told her not to worry about it and to call him if she needs help again. And with that, he gave her a little kiss on the cheek before leaving for the rest of the night.

To Alice's surprise, Luke asked her out on a little date the very next day. And because of his stunning rescue last night, it was an offer she couldn't refuse. They decided to take a walk in the bush to get to know each other a bit better. But after awhile of walking she started to get that feeling again - the need to pee . There were no toilets around, and the lodge was miles away. Luke suggested they should quickly head back, but after a few more minutes Alice had to stop. The pain was too intense, and she was gonna burst soon! She began to panic and didn't know what to do. Nowhere around her looked private enough for her to pee. Suddenly she felt her underwear grow damp. She gasps and quickly sat down, but it was too late. The pee dripped down past her skirt and into her shoes. It happened again; this time on a date! She covers her face and lightly starts sobbing into her hands, wishing she never had this problem. But soon she feels a gentle touch on her shoulder.

"Don't cry; these things happen from time to time." Luke says.

"I'm sorry. I wish I didn't keep doing this...."

"No, don't feel ashamed to wet yourself. It doesn't look silly." He lifts her chin up so their eyes meet. "It looks beautiful."

It almost felt like the most beautiful thing Alice has ever heard in her whole life. It was like someone finally accepted her for who she is, despite her problems. Luke then leaned forward and pressed his lips against hers. Instantly she felt a spark of electricity in her whole system. A spark of love. When he pulled away, she felt so mesmerized that she completely forgot she just wet herself a moment ago.

"I love you so much." She dreamily says.

"I love you too." He replies.

Their emotions were so overflowing it took them some time to return to normal. Afterwards they decided it would be best if Alice changed into some dry clothes. Luckily, Luke already packed some clothes for her to change into. He handed her a towel and she dried herself and changed into the new clothes. Once she was finished changing they decided to make their way back to the lodge. It was a very odd feeling that Alice was experiencing. She just wet herself a moment ago but instead of feeling sad, she felt happy. Luke showed her a different feeling to her problem that she never knew existed. Maybe it wasn't a curse after all, but a blessing. She didn't know how else to express her gratitude but by saying thank you. Luke just smiled and gave her another kiss.

After that day Alice and Luke grew closer together. They saw each other every day, and went on dates whenever they could. Alice never grew out of her bladder weakness, but even so, Luke loved her as much as he could no matter what she went through. In truth, Alice never was ashamed to pee, but she just didn't like it when others made fun out of her. And Luke always had a little fetish over it, but was too afraid to admit it before. Now, all of those worries were in the past. Because now they were both together - with someone that understood and loved the other for everything they were.

*002*2011-06-11 09:40

{{: 

I have two perfect words that describe this story:

Cute but cheesy. It was okay, I enjoyed reading it. But I was able to predict most of it.

}}

Oh well. I guess I'm not as good as i thought i was. Thanks for being honest tho.

*004*2011-06-11 11:23

{{: 

I would agree with Dav, but I'm not saying it's bad. It was really cute and, well, a bit cheesy too.

The events are indeed quite predictable but to be fair, it is so in a vast majority of omo stories.

I (and other realders also I guess) would have liked to read more details about Alice, her looks, character, the way she dresses and about her desperation and the wettings. I feel like it happens too fast and you don't really give us the chance to "link" with her.

Still, it was good for a first story. You might be as good as you think, just keep writing and you'll get better.

}}

Hey, thanks! That really put the spirit back into me. I'm doing a longer version of the story, but I'm worried it will be so long that people wouldn't want to read it. And it takes some time to get to the omo bit, so again I'm worried people will lose interest. But it will have all the things you mentioned (eg. a bit more about Alice) and a few twists like what happens in her family. Should I do all of this even though it will be over 15 pages long in the end? I'm not sure if the omo scenes would make the whole story worth it, but if it's a good idea I'd sure like to try!

Thanks Ongeluk!

*008*2011-06-12 01:19

Yeah that sounds like a great idea! I've already started making a longer version of the story, even if I might not upload it in the end. But I'll still be working on it. If anyone wants a copy of it once it's done, let me know!

