The Kindness of Strangers

Author: Weasel

*000*2022-06-29 00:19

Hi everyone! Been a while!

This one is just a quick one-off tale, but, as they say in the movies, "Based on a true story."

In fact there are a few things in here that are 100% true. Try and guess which ones!

...All right, I'll give you some hints.

Places Lines Credit cards ...

The line wasn’t moving.

The man stood with his duffel bag at his feet, approximately at parade rest, examining the decorative mural of California for the fourteenth time. The woman, shifting from foot to foot, restlessly checked her phone every few seconds. He was dressed in a t-shirt and quick-dry pants; she was in a long-sleeved blouse, a little tight around the bust line, and shorts. His hair was longer than hers; she was maybe a couple years older than he was.

There were only three or four people ahead of them in line, and there were no fewer than four counters staffed at this rental-car agency—and yet the line wasn’t moving. Three of the counters were occupied by other customers, and had been since the woman had walked in and taken her place behind the man. The fourth counter appeared to be closed, though an employee was busily typing away behind it.

Then the glass doors slid open and a couple walked in, went straight to that fourth counter, and immediately started doing business.

“What, they’re just skipping the line?” the woman muttered.

“Seriously,” the man said. “The line’s the best part. I wouldn’t want them to miss out on the joy of standing in this line…”

She grinned, and shifted her weight. “I know, right?”

“LA seems very focused on lines, have you noticed?” he went on. “Lines for the rides at Disneyland… lines for the boat to Catalina…”

“Oh believe me, I’ve noticed,” she said with a sigh, and shifted again. “I just spent a lot of time in traffic.”

“Where are you coming in from?” he asked.

“I’m from Mississippi,” she said.

“Heading home, then?”

“No, but I need to swap out the car.”

He looked slightly puzzled, so she kept explaining.

“I’m here on business. Well, I was here on business. But my husband’s flying in and we’re going to drive up to see the redwoods.”

“Oh, nice!” the man said, with only the faintest of reactions at the word “husband.”

“And we can’t use the car my company rented, so…” She shifted, then immediately crossed her legs.

“Got it. Where in Mississippi, if you don’t mind my asking?”

“Pascagoula!”

He smiled a little ruefully. “I gotta admit I’ve never been to Mississippi. Where is that?”

“Gulf Coast. Near Biloxi.” She pronounced it correctly, Bih-lux-ee, although she had no other trace of a southern accent. Two more couples came in and got in line behind them.

“Ah, that helps. I teach social studies, so I’ve got a map in my head.”

She smiled. “Oh, okay!” Recrossed her legs. “Where are you from?”

“Well, here, originally, but I’ve lived in Portland, Oregon, for most of my life.” He sighed. “LA is not my favorite town, but that’s where the family is. My grandmother’s ninety-seven, so every time I can visit, I do.”

“Wow!” she said. “That’s impressive!”

“Yup. And still got most of her marbles, too, when she’s healthy. Apparently urinary tract infections can cause serious disorientation. Who knew?”

“I sure didn’t,” she said, wincing.

“Oh, sorry—was that TMI?”

“No, it’s okay. I honestly hadn’t heard that. I just hope I don’t end up with one myself! I, uh, really would like to find a bathroom soon. Sorry, that probably was TMI…”

He shrugged. “Happens to us all—oh, but you said you were just stuck in traffic! That’s the worst!”

“It really was.”

“They’ve got to have a bathroom around here somewhere,” he said, eyes darting about.

“They should, shouldn’t they? I was gonna ask when I got up to the counter, but this line is not moving at all.”

The man’s eyes traced across white letters printed on the plate-glass window. He started to say something, hesitated, then said, “Ah, I see. The sign says restrooms are in the hotel next door.”

“Where?” She glanced around.

“On the window.”

“Oh, wow. I can’t even read that, I’m impressed.”

“Teacher,” he said with a shrug. “I can read upside-down, too. Comes with the territory.”

She re-crossed her legs and bounced for a moment.

“You want to run over there and find the restroom?”

“I don’t want to lose my place in line…”

“I’d save your spot.”

“Thanks, but I’ll be okay. I just need this line to hurry up.”

As if on cue, two of the customers at the counters left, and suddenly the man was second in line, and the woman third.

“Well, look at that,” he said. “Anything else you need? Maybe ask for ten thousand dollars while you’re at it?”

She grinned again. “I wouldn’t want to press my luck.”

“Fair enough.”

Her phone buzzed. “Finally!” she said, read the text, and then sighed in exasperation. “My husband,” she explained. “I told him I’d be swapping the cars and it might take a while and he said that was fine, he’d wait. But now he’s asking ‘Where are you?’, all impatient.”

“Men!” said the man, making it a cuss word.

She genuinely laughed at that, and squeezed her legs together. “It’s just like, ‘Boy, I’m standing over here trying not to pee in my pants so I can get the car and come pick you up.’ And he’s the one complaining.”

The person ahead of the man moved up to the next-finally!-available counter.

“You’re sure you don’t want to run over to the restroom? The way this line moves, you’d probably still be back in time…”

“I just want to get the car, pick up my husband, and get to the hotel.”

“Okay, but you can at least go ahead of me.”

“Oh, thank you!” She stepped past him in line, then squirmed for a moment and ended up leaning on her arm against the nearest wall—and while she was doing so, she read the notice posted there.

“Oh, shit,” she whispered.

“Something wrong?” the man said. “Aside from the obvious…” he added, more quietly.

“I don’t have my credit card. I’ve been using the company credit card for two weeks, and I never even thought…”

“Is it out in your car?” he asked. “In your bags?”

“I know exactly where it is,” she said. “It’s at home. In the freezer. In a block of ice.”

“Ah, that old trick.”

“But I can’t rent a car without it!”

“That is a problem… and you can’t just use the company card? Pay it back later?”

“My boss is real strict about that. I could get fired.”

“Definitely not, then. Hmmmm. Well, does your husband have his card?”

“I sure hope so!” She was genuinely squirming now.

“Well, get him over here, then. And in the meantime you can use the bathroom.”

“Was there a shuttle from the airport?”

“Not that I saw,” he admitted. “In fact, I ended up walking.”

“Next customer!” called one of the rental car people.

The woman looked at her standing-in-line companion with a panicked look on her face.

“Tell you what,” he said, “I’ve got my card, so I can get my car. How about you turn in the car you’ve got, then I drop you off somewhere? The airport, or your hotel?”

“Next customer!” The voice was more insistent this time.

“Could you?”

“No problem. Go turn in your keys.”

She hurried off.

As he waited for the next available agent, he noticed her leaning on the counter, holding her upper body still but squirming like mad from the waist down.

He didn’t have to wait long before the next agent waved him over, and he plunged in to the filling-out, initialing, and signing of forms. As the agent laboriously entered something into the computer, he did a “just casually looking around” sweep of the room, and noticed her standing just outside, texting, almost hopping from foot to foot.

Finally he was given the car fob, was told where to find the actual car, and was instructed to enjoy his visit, and he could stride out to where she was practically dancing on the spot.

“Sure you don’t want to run in to find the restroom?” he said. “It’ll take two seconds.”

“My husband’s meeting me at the hotel, they have an airport shuttle,” she said. “Can we just go there?” Her eyes were desperate, but she sounded determined.

He swung his duffel bag across his front, instead of his back, so that it covered the crotch of his pants. “Suits me fine—I didn’t particularly want to go back to LAX today. Got your bags? All right, then, let’s go.”

It took a moment to find the car. It took another moment to figure out how to pop the trunk and get their bags in. And then, when they got into the car, it was of course an oven, having been sitting all day in the Los Angeles sun. He turned the air conditioning up to full, and took a third moment to adjust the mirrors, figure out where the parking brake was, etc.

As he turned in his seat so he could see where he was going as he backed out, his eyes raked her body: legs double-knotted, hands folded demurely over her knee—but with white knuckles. A hint of hardened nipple under the tight blouse, in the blast of cold air.

Her hotel wasn’t far away at all. A five-minute drive, really. But every red light seemed an eternity.

“I really appreciate you doing this,” she said, during one of these eternities.

“It’s barely out of my way,” he said. He was looking at her: she’d kicked off one of her sandals and was now sitting on her heel. Dancing on her heel, really. She certainly wasn’t sitting still.

“Still, you didn’t have to do this.” Her eyes were fixed on the red light.

“No problem. Happy to help.” He shot another glance at her, higher up this time: Nipples still poking through. Bra strap peeking out from under her shirt, though—so the bra must have been as thin as the shirt. It wasn’t giving a ton of support, either, for her breasts were bouncing slightly as she squirmed.

“Here we are,” he said, turning into her hotel parking lot. He swung the car around into the waiting lane right by the front entrance.

“Now I just hope like hell my husband hurries up and gets here!” she muttered as she got her sandal back on.

Another moment while she figured out the locks. He popped the trunk for her as she she swung her bare legs out and gingerly got out. Having fetched her bag from the trunk, she leaned on the still-open door and bent over to give him a look of equally-blended gratitude and desperation. Her legs were crossed tightly and she was bouncing slightly on the balls of her feet. “Thank you again so much,” she said.

“No problem! Enjoy the redwoods!”

“You too!” she said, nonsensically, and closed the door. She strode up to the hotel entrance so fast, the sliding doors didn’t have time to get out of the way.

He pulled forward very slightly, so he could see into the hotel. She was leaning on the front desk, as she had at the rental car company, but by now there was no way of keeping her upper body still. Her butt was practically writhing. The front-desk man pointed to the side of the lobby—but she shook her head and took her room card key. Turning away from the front desk she saw him still waiting. She gave him a big smile and a thumbs-up, then waved goodbye, and dashed for the elevators and out of sight.

He slowly pulled away, turned out into the street… and immediately pulled into the parking lot of the Sizzler around the corner and took out a notepad.

Pascagoula Nice body Bra straps, thin blouse Refused a restroom repeatedly Waiting for her husband? Holding it deliberately?

He paused for a moment, then flipped to the next page and kept writing.

Lying on the bed, legs crossed and drawn up to her chest, clutching her crotch

Just in bra and panties Just in her shorts, topless shorts but bra still on

Husband texts her that he’s almost there

“Didn’t even get her name,” he sighed, and drove away.

