Make me wet myself

Author: wether

*000*2025-05-15 07:35

On a certain (already non-existing) Polish-language internet forum, a girl asked me to help her wet her panties. She said she had tried several times before, but at the last moment, she could never bring herself to do it and would run to the bathroom. Since I wasn’t an eyewitness, I treat it as fiction, but it’s possible it really happened. Here is a transcript of our conversation. I include the timestamps to reflect the real course of the conversation.

In the morning...

Her (08:22): We have a bit of a time crunch because I have to leave at 9, but I already kind of need to go.

Me (08:22): Okay, maybe we’ll manage. Drink something.

Her (08:22): Okay, I have water.

Me (08:22): Alright, if it doesn’t work out today, we can try again tomorrow, or even better on Friday. Drink a glass of water. When was the last time you peed?

Her (08:23): Yesterday evening.

Me (08:23): Okay, and what have you drunk since then?

Her (08:23): A bit of water, but not much.

Me (08:23): Okay, I suggest you keep drinking, and we’ll talk in the meantime, alright?

Her (08:24): Sure.

Me (08:24): Will you tell me something about yourself, like what you look like?

Her (08:25): I’m blonde, green eyes, 170 cm tall.

Me (08:25): Oh, nice, do you have long hair?

Her (08:25): Down to the middle of my back.

Me (08:26): Awesome.

Me (08:26): What’s your body type?

Her (08:26): I’m slim, but not skinny.

Me (08:26): Cool. And what’s your bra size?

Her (08:27): Bold question.

Me (08:27): Is it? I have bolder ones, but if you don’t want to say, don’t. Let’s agree that if I ask something you don’t want to answer, just say so—I like clear situations.

Her (08:27): No, it’s fine, I can say, I wear a C cup. Okay.

Me (08:28): I already like you.

Me (08:28): What are you wearing right now?

Her (08:28): Black leggings and a pink hoodie.

Me (08:28): Nice, and anything underneath?

Her (08:28): Underwear.

Me (08:29): White?

Her (08:29): You ask a lot of questions 😜 Black bra and leopard print panties.

Me (08:29): Awesome, I’m asking because I want to get to know you a bit.

Her (08:30): Alright 😜

Me (08:30): So, tell me, what turns you on about holding it?

Her (08:31): The feeling when I really need to go, and someone won’t let me, and also when it just starts coming out on its own.

Me (08:32): Got it. Have you ever wet yourself? Like, you couldn’t hold it?

Her (08:33): Twice. But whenever I’m on the edge, I go to the toilet. I can’t seem to push past that point and wait a bit longer.

Me (08:33): I get it, I’ve tried sometimes too, but I give in eventually. Though I’m more into the desperation, especially a desperate woman.

Her (08:34): It’s not easy.

Me (08:34): I know. Are you ticklish?

Her (08:34): Oh, a desperate woman is ready for anything. Everyone’s ticklish.

Me (08:35): Yeah, but I mean, could you pee yourself from being tickled?

Her (08:35): I think so.

Me (08:35): Where are you most ticklish?

Her (08:35): I don’t know 😜 I drank half a bottle.

Me (08:36): And how’s it going? Do you really need to go?

Her (08:37): Not really, I only feel it if I press on my bladder.

Me (08:37): Then we probably won’t get far today. What about tomorrow or Friday?

Her (08:37): Yeah, probably… How late are you around today?

Me (08:38): Roughly until 1-2 PM, but with breaks.

Her (08:40): Okay, I might be around 1.

Me (08:41): Cool, I can stay until 3 max, but I don’t know when I’ll have to step out.

Her (08:41): Alright, then I’ll go pee now, this is pointless.

Me (08:41): Wait, hmm, would you show me how you pee?

Her (08:41): What? No 😜

Me (08:42): Can I at least take your panties off?

Her (08:42): Maybe next time.

Me (08:42): Okay, go then. Talk later.

Her (08:43): Bye.

Me (08:47): Write when you’re back, maybe we’ll figure something out. And let it be more urgent than now.

Four hours later...

Her (12:47): Are you there? I’ll be back in half an hour.

Me (12:47): I’m here.

Her (12:57): Me too.

Me (12:57): Great, how’s your pee situation?

Her (12:58): So-so, I’ll make some tea.

Me (12:58): Okay, how long do you have?

Her (13:00): A long time.

Me (13:00): Cool, let’s do this: work on making yourself need to pee more, and I’ll be back in about an hour, okay? But by 2 PM, I want you to be absolutely bursting. Alright, sunshine, I’ve got to go, I’ll be back around 2.

Half an hour later...

Her (13:47): Could you come back already…

Me (13:55): I’m here. So, does that mean you’re desperate?

Her (13:55): Yes, it’s already tough.

Me (13:56): Okay, describe what you’re feeling.

Her (13:56): I drank 2 teas, 1 juice, and I’m finishing a second one now. It’s hard to walk, and I feel huge pressure.

Me (13:57): Nice, maybe do some exercises.

Her (13:57): Like what?

Me (13:57): Squats, for example. Think you can handle it?

Her (13:57): Okay, I can try, how many?

Me (13:58): 10 with legs together and 10 with legs apart.

Her (13:59): Oh god, alright.

Me (13:59): Are you scared you won’t hold it? Every drop you leak means a glass of water as punishment.

Her (13:59): You’ve got to be kidding! I’m barely holding on now, I can’t drink anything more. Okay, I’m going to do the squats.

Me (14:00): Fine, no punishment glass, but do the squats.

Her (14:03): Can I take off my pants? They’re really tight.

Me (14:03): You’ll be in just your panties?

Her (14:03): Yes.

Me (14:03): Alright then. Are they the same panties from this morning?

Her (14:04): Yes.

Me (14:04): Okay, can you still stand up straight?

Her (14:04): I have to sit, I can’t stand.

Me (14:04): Describe how you’re sitting.

Her (14:05): I’m holding myself with my hand, it’s really tough now, I don’t think I can last much longer.

Me (14:05): Are you holding between your legs?

Her (14:05): Yes.

Me (14:05): Are your legs squeezed together?

Her (14:06): Yes, tightly. Ahhh, it’s getting worse.

Me (14:06): Hold it.

Her (14:06): Can you give me a time when I can go?

Me (14:07): I recently noticed it’s easier for me when I sit on the edge of a chair with my legs spread, kind of squatting. Hmm, 3:00?

Her (14:07): I won’t make it to 3!

Me (14:07): So what will you do?

Her (14:08): Honestly, I need to go now, I don’t even know if I can make it to the bathroom.

Me (14:08): You can’t go now.

Her (14:08): When then?

Me (14:08): When I let you.

Her (14:08): Please, let me go now!

Me (14:08): No.

Her (14:08): But I really, really need to!

Me (14:09): Has it ever been this bad before?

Her (14:09): I think once.

Me (14:09): And how did that end?

Her (14:09): Can I at least let a little out, please, just a little!

Me (14:09): You’re a big girl now, and big girls don’t pee their panties.

Her (14:09): I can drink more later, but I need to let a little out now. Please, let me, it’s so hard.

Me (14:10): If you’re that desperate, are you shivering?

Her (14:10): Yes.

Me (14:10): Are you shivering now?

Her (14:10): Can I let a little out?

Me (14:11): What guarantee do I have that you’ll be able to stop?

Her (14:11): Even I don’t have that guarantee.

Me (14:11): Exactly.

Her (14:11): But I can’t hold it anymore, I’m at my limit.

Me (14:11): Worst case, you’ll wet yourself.

Her (14:11): Please, let me, I’m about to wet myself.

Me (14:11): Will you show me how you pee?

Her (14:12): I can’t, I’m in my room, I don’t want to wet myself. Can I go to the bathroom? No, I won’t show you!

Me (14:12): If you won’t show me, then no.

Her (14:13): Please, I can do something else, but let me go, just a little, I really can’t anymore!

Me (14:13): Hold it.

Her (14:13): Can I goMe (14:13): go to the bathroom?

Her (14:13): Just a little, I’m begging you.

Me (14:13): But I’m coming with you. And when I say stop, you stop immediately.

Her (14:14): Ah, it’s about to come out, really! Oh, okay.

Me (14:14): And I need to see every drop that comes out of you.

Her (14:14): I’m not showing you anything.

Me (14:14): Then no. You can’t go.

Her (14:15): God, I’m really not going to hold it, let me, just a little. Please.

Me (14:15): But how do you want to do it, in your panties?

Her (14:15): That’s fine. Ah, it’s about to come out, I’m shaking all over.

Me (14:15): Put your pants back on, the ones you took off.

Her (14:16): I can’t move. You’ll see, it’s going to happen any second. This is my limit.

Me (14:16): So how are you going to get to the bathroom if you can’t move?

Her (14:16): I’ll make it to the bathroom somehow. Wait, ahh, it’s happening.

Me (14:17): I’m not letting you in there.

Her (14:17): I can’t stop it.

Me (14:17): Stop it right now.

Her (14:17): I can’t.

Me (14:17): Are you peeing your panties?

Her (14:17): Yes. Everything’s wet now.

Me (14:18): It’s probably running down your legs.

Her (14:18): God, because of you, I didn’t make it to the bathroom!

Me (14:18): So what now?

Her (14:19): Everything’s wet! Good thing I was sitting on a blanket, I’ll throw it in the wash.

Me (14:19): Did you pee completely?

Her (14:19): Yes.

Me (14:19): You’ll probably need to go again soon, that’s how it works.

Her (14:19): We’ll see.

Me (14:19): So, is this what you wanted?

Her (14:20): Yes, but I’m mad at myself because I wanted to hold it longer, but it’s such a feeling.

Me (14:20): What feeling?

Her (14:21): You know, when you really, really need to go.

Me (14:21): And you like it?

Her (14:21): Yes.

(as far as I remember, we never talked again...)

