Fav Wetting sorys

Author: Wettingkitty

*000*2017-04-09 00:57

They end up crammed in close in something that- whatever it was before- is now obviously used as a smuggling compartment. Carmen is shoved in first, and Mar follows a bit more carefully. Carmen only just manages to fold herself into a sitting position before Marigold lands in her lap. Then the first latch closes, taking with it the light. Carmen can hear the sound of tiling being put back in, then the closing of the second hatch and only after that footsteps fading away.

They sit in silence, the tense situation killing any conversation before it can begin. Besides, any noise they make might very increase the chances of them being discovered. So Carmen just focuses on the proximity of the woman sitting in her lap. They’ve become closer these past few weeks, but they’ve never really been physically close, not like this. The scent of the strawberry blonde soon fills every corner of the small dark space, tinged with fear as it is. (Not strange considering they are in complete darkness with who knows what going on above them)

Carmen can feel the soft fabric of her many layers settle against her skin, and the steady expanding and decreasing of her chest with each breath is very relaxing. Carmen can easily imagine spending time like this, and as the minutes crawl by she settles in patiently for what might very well be a long wait. Mar, on the other hand, seems to feel differently. She sits still enough at first, but when the initial shock of being stashed away has passed, she shuffles around seemingly in search of a comfortable position. Carmen doesn’t blame her, her lap can’t be particularly comfortable after all. But after the sixth time the sorcerer shifts around in her lap, she’s starting to get a little annoyed herself.

She brings up a hand to ever-so-lightly rest on her leg, pressing down for a moment in a silent bid for her to choose a position and stick with it. It works, as in that she stills, muscles tensing up underneath her hand. Carmen wonders for a brief terrifying moment if she’s gone a step too far, if she’s assumed a familiarity between them that really isn’t there at all.

“Sorry,” Mar whispers, tension clear in her voice as well as the line of her body. “I just… I kind of have to, you know, ‘go’.” The hesitation in her voice is so familiar by now that Carmen finds it easy to imagine the blush that has to be rising on her face. the mental image is so amusing that it takes a small moment for her words to fully register.

Ah. Wasn’t that something? A bit of a turn-about if you thought about it. It would be funny, she supposes, if it wasn’t such a possibly dire situation.

“You what?” she whispers back, keeping her voice low as well. “We were just in the woods, there was a stream even. You were there when I-”

“Yeah, yeah, no need to rub it in,” Carmen might be imagining it, but did she sound a little strained already? She certainly was fidgeting again, thighs clenching tightly before rubbing against each other fitfully. Now that she had verbalised the problem, Mar seemed to have lost a barrier to betraying the need of her body.

Carmen might not be able to see her, but the way they were pressed together she could feel every movement of her body. Neither of them said anything for a while. What was there to say? They both knew they could be in here for twenty more minutes or three more hours or even the rest of the day. The way Carmen saw it, it was very unlikely indeed that Mar would be able to get out of this hole before she… before she…

Carmen feels her mind skittering past the subject even as her body becomes increasingly aware of the slights shifts of the woman’s body in her lap. Her legs are tense and she seems to try to keep still, but then her muscles jump as she clenches her thighs together and shifts in a way that sends little jolts of heat to the base of Carmen’s brain.

Marigold is squirming in her lap and all she can think of is how she wants to hold her down by her hips and pull her in even closer. She must be feeling pretty desperate to be squirming this much. Gods know Carmen has been there. If she was by herself, she would probably be pressing her hands into her crotch, pressing into her heated core in an attempt to relieve the aching pressure in her groin. Carmen felt her hands jerk a couple of times so far, but she seems to be holding back. because Carmen is there? Can she possible be as aware of Carmen as she is of her?

Carmen knows she would be aching for some pressure against her cunt if she was in Mar’s position. Hands were good, but what she might really ache for, would be to slip her thighs around one of Carmen’s so she could press down hard and grind her entire pussy against the hard line of her thigh. Carmen would let her (would let her do anything really) would press back and would help and would make things better, and perhaps Mar would eventually press her knees in between her thighs as well and they could-

She is pulled from her thoughts when Mar suddenly tenses all over, before finally jutting her hands between her legs. There is a hint of urine in the air and Carmen is suddenly aware that she is shamefully, terribly aroused. Almost without her own input, her thighs press together and she can feel the aching in the core between her legs.

Then a sob breaks in the air. Mar is still squirming in her lap, but her shoulders are tense and shaking quietly as another small, broken sound tears from her throat. Carmen is momentarily speechless, guilt flooding her mind. Had the woman in her lap somehow guessed what she was thinking? Was she now disgusted by her? Was she causing her only friend pain?

“Carmen, I’m so, so sorry,” the blonde says in a broken whisper. “I don’t think I can… Ah~ I think I’m gonna…” she chokes up again at those words and Carmen feels almost frantic in her need to reassure her.

“Hey, hey, it’s okay,” she says softly, carefully bringing her hand up so she can rub gently at her side. “You can’t help it.”

“That doesn’t matter, you’re gonna think I’m disgusting and then we’re going to be here for gods know how long and-”

“I never think you’re disgusting,” she interrupts her. “I could never. You just have to pee and that’s okay.”

“Ooh, don’t use that word,” Marigold moans and she hunches over, panting with exertion. There is a hint of pain to her noises now, which is something Carmen really can’t stand.

“What word? Pee? Piss? Letting go and flooding your pants?” Carmen keeps going, and Marigold groans pitifully at every word. She shifts, tenses and then she must lose control for a second because the scent of urine becomes even stronger.

“Oh no, oh no, oh no, no,no,” Mar mutters, fighting to get herself back under control. She manages, but barely. There is a noticeable spot of heat between them now, and the blonde is trembling where she sits.

“Shh, let go. You’re hurting yourself, just let it out,” Carmen says, still rubbing her side. She noticed there is a distinct husky tone to her voice, but she can’t bring herself to be bothered about it right this moment.

“Oh no, I can’t hold it, I can’t hold it,” Mar is whimpering almost directly into Carmen’s ear now, seemingly unaware of what she is doing to the brunette with her desperate string of commentary. “Shit shit shit, oh it’s- ah! It’s happening, it’s happening, it’s aaahh, aha ha, Uuuhhnn~ ” she breaks off into breathy groans and murmured profanity even as every line of tension in her body tightens and then suddenly relaxes.

There’s a bloom of heat between them, immediately followed by wetness as a strong hissing noise fills the air of the cramped compartment. Marigold has collapsed completely into Carmen, hips rolling slightly as the piss keeps pouring out of her and into the layers of fabric separating their heated skin.

“Oh gods, oh gods, Oh Carmen,” she moans brokenly, but the edge of intensity is letting down and so is the stream. First the hissing stops, then the waterfall of hot piss slowly dries up into a trickle and then just the sodden fabric between them. None of them talk for a while, but Marigold makes no move to move her face from where she buried it in Carmen’s throat.

All credit goes to https://monedulla.tumblr.com/

*001*2017-04-09 01:00

My day began on a not so great note. My mom has been putting me in pull ups at bed time to try and train my not to wet the bed.

She told me if I could stay dry for 3 nights in a row, she would let me sleep in my big girl panties again. I was dry for two nights and I confidently thought I was ready to go back to my panties.. too confident.

My mom woke me up not only to a soaking wet pull up, but also a round wet spot under where I was laying. I was so ashamed. I wet my pull up and her bed.

I was surprised by her sweet, gentle way of letting me know, “there will be consequences for this, Hun. Not because I’m angry at you, but because you need to learn to be a big girl.”

Her soft tone was humiliating, but hot.

She told me she was going to change me and I had to wear pull ups during the day now too, just in case of any accidents.

She tore the sides of my pull up and slid it out from under me. She cleaned me up with baby wipes and powder and then brought out a pack of Tena pull up style diapers. She fitted one on to me carefully and then slipped on a pair of plastic panties. I couldn’t believe it! I never had accidents during the day, plus, everyone would be able to hear the crinkling of my plastic pants. She told me that we would be going to Costco together today as well so I needed to get dressed in the outfit she chose. Grey leggings and a sweater.

My dom left the bedroom and told me to get dressed. I put on the plastic panties and leggings. I was absolutely horrified. The bulges from my bulky pull up were already embarrassing, but on top of that, the plastic panties crinkled loudly every time I moved.

This is when I made my second mistake.

Not being able to cope with the humiliation, i took the plastic panties off and just had the pull up. It was still obvious, but not as bad.

I went down stairs and my mom had my breakfast ready; a smoothie, two glasses of water and a cup of coffee. She instructed me to finish it all within an hour and then we would leave. I was already at about a 6 because she didn’t let me use the toilet before changing..she also said I wasn’t allowed to use the washroom until lunch time. I wanted to prove to her how I didn’t need my day time pull ups and so I was determined to hold it.

After breakfast she made me wash out my cups, I was now at an 8 and the water on my hands made it very hard to hold it. Very strong urges made me dribble a little bit. I was shocked and embarrassed that I did that. I asked my mom nicely if I could use the bathroom before we left but she said if I couldn’t hold it for 4 hours in the morning, how would I hold it for 8 hours over night. She was right. We got in the car and drove to Costco. I was at a 10, squirming, holding my legs together. Every time she went over a bump more dribbles would come out. I knew my pull up could absorb it all but I was starting to regret not wearing my plastic pants..

When we arrived at Costco it was very busy. Standing and walking around was difficult. She held my hand as we walked into the most crowded area. She took her time looking at the clothes. I knew I was going to wet myself, dribbles came out with every step I took. I looked at her and asked again if she’d let me use the bathroom but she said “no, but I won’t be angry if you have an accident.” As she said it she wrapped her arm around my waist and pushed gently on my bladder. I gasped as the pressure made me dribble even more, I couldn’t hold it or stop the dribbling. I was wetting my already wet pull up. My mom didn’t say anything but looked at me as if she knew.

I could feel the swelling of my diaper as the bulge became more visible. I began feeling it leak, dark spots formed around my legs and bum, a stream of pee went down my leg.. people stared at me and my mom smirked.

“You wouldn’t have had this problem if you had work your plastic panties” she loudly said to me. “I’m sorry” I said, red faced, almost in tears. She took me by the hand and pulled me to the diaper section where she told me to get a bulk Pack of pull ups. “You’ll be wearing them for a while.” I carried the big box of diapers to the line of the register. Everyone knew I didn’t have control of my bladder. When we got home my mom graciously changed me and put the plastic pants over top. The crinkling sound was embarrassing, but not nearly as bad as wetting my pants in front of hundreds of people.

All credit goes to https://scatteredsubmissive.tumblr.com/

*002*2017-04-09 01:03

Nina sat at the bus stop, thankful for the shade from the hot sun. Despite it getting closer to autumn every day, it was still unusually warm. The bus was late as usual, and three other people were sat round waiting patiently as well, albeit with various mutters under their breath.

Nina cursed and looked down the road for any sign of an approaching bus. A man sat nearby glanced over at hearing her bad language and gave her a disdainful look up and down. Nina wondered if he liked what he saw – the shorts she was wearing showed off her butt pretty well, and her tight crop top was sure to capture some people’s attention. The man didn’t hold his gaze however; he soon went back to reading his paper.

Nina’s leg shook involuntarily as her desperation grew. She’d meant to go to the toilet before leaving college, but she’d had to stay behind after class, and when she’d gone to go the bathroom had been shut for cleaning. There was another bathroom, of course, but that was all the way down near the common room, and she couldn’t be bothered to walk all that way. On a good day, when the bus was on time, Nina could often make it home in a good twenty minutes. Today, however, she’d been waiting twenty five already. She wondered if there had been an accident in town.

She pressed lightly on her stomach as another surge of desperation came over her. She imagined sitting down would take the urge off for a while, but the only two seats were taken, one by the man reading a newspaper, the other by an elderly woman with a walking stick. She tried to take her mind off her need to pee by focusing on the newspaper man instead. Her sunglasses masked her eyes, meaning she could check other people out without them noticing.

He was older than her, but probably only early thirties, clean shaved with short brown hair and designed specs. He wore an expensive suit and an expensive watch. He was good looking, she supposed, and probably quite rich too. She imagined him driving a convertible, but then wondered why he’d be catching the bus if he owned a posh car. Maybe his car was in for a service.

He suddenly looked up from his newspaper and straight at her. She looked away. Had he caught her looking? She wasn’t sure, but suddenly the urge to piss caught her off guard and she had to throw her hands to her crotch to stop herself from leaking. He was definitely looking at her now, she was sure of it.

She began to do a funny little dance, not caring if other people started looking. She had never been this desperate before. For the first time, she started to worry if she was going to pee herself. That would be embarrassing, especially in front of this good looking guy.

The man stood up and slowly walked over to her. Shit, Nina thought, he’s coming over to me, he’s going to ask me why I was staring at him…

But instead, the man said, “Are you ok, hun?”

“I really need to pee,” Nina replied, her thighs clenched together as she felt herself begin to sweat. She was sure she was going to begin to leak any minute, and half expected to feel her crotch grow wet beneath her hands.

“I know somewhere you can go,” the man said, smiling and folding his newspaper away.

“You do?” Nina was so relieved to hear that. She hadn’t been aware there were any public toilets nearby. “Where?”

“Follow me.” The man turned and Nina began to follow reluctantly, her gait slightly clumsy as she tried to hold back her pee. She wished she hadn’t drunk an entire bottle of orange juice with her lunch.

The man led her down the street and into a small alleyway. There were definitely no toilets here, and Nina was a little reluctant to follow him, but she was so desperate she went in after him anyway. Eventually, he stopped and turned to face her.

“Here we go, away from the street, away from prying eyes. You can easily go here,” he said.

“Here? I can’t piss here…” Nina said, although as her bladder screamed for release she seriously began to consider it. She felt tears come into her eyes… was this his idea of a joke?

“Of course you can, no one can see you,” the man replied. He put an arm out to comfort her. “Just slip those shorts down and then…”

But it was too late. With one last jolt, Nina’s body gave up the fight, and she felt herself began to leak into her panties. Her pussy shuddered as the piss began to soak through to her denim shorts and run down her legs. The man just watched her, as Nina doubled over and began to cry, her piss hitting the floor in loud splashes.

Finally she gave up trying to hold it in and just let go. Her panties were already soaked, and her shorts had turned a darker shade of blue. She looked up at the man as she continued to pee, tears streaming down her face. He smiled kindly at her, and adjusted his trousers where a slight bulge had started to appear. He put a hand on her shoulder.

“Come on,” he said to her, “let it all out.” He gently stroked her hair. “There’s a good girl. Let it all go.” Nina closed her eyes and rested her head on his shoulder in defeat.

In my opinion the guy in question is a PERVERTED person but it makes the story great

All credit goes to

%http://palelandcandy.tumblr.com/post/146706341929

*003*2017-04-09 01:04

“Little girl, why are you so squirmy all of a sudden?” Daddy asked me with a hint of playfulness in his voice. I immediately stopped wiggling and looked up at daddy. I had been so busy doing princess stuff that I hadn’t noticed that my growing need to go pee had become so readily apparent. “Does my little princess have to go potty?” Daddy asked with just the right amount of condescension and seriousness that it made me blush. I sheepishly shook my head no and continued coloring in the coloring book daddy bought just for me, hoping daddy would drop the topic.

I could still feel Daddy’s skeptical stare when he said, “Okay, but remember sweetie, you need to be a good girl and go potty if you have to pee pee.” My cheeks burned with embarrassment. Without looking up, I nodded and continued coloring. “What was that little girl?” Daddy asked expectantly. “Yes, daddy.” I answered quietly. “Good girl.” Daddy replied. After that, it seemed I was off the hook. Daddy continued working on his laptop next to me while I colored and watched cartoons. I had planned on getting up to go potty soon, without daddy prompting me, just to prove to him that I was a big girl and didn’t need the pull-ups he currently had me wearing, but I needed to finish my picture first.

“Why did I have to pick the picture with the super detailed castle??” I thought to myself as my need to go potty grew stronger. Soon I couldn’t help but to start wiggling my legs back and forth ever so slightly to help distract my mind from the growing pressure in my bladder. I bit my bottom lip and looked over at daddy and saw that he was still working and didn’t seem to be noticing me in my squirmy state. I slowly pulled my blanket up over my lap and reached one hand down to hold the front of my pull-up as I continued to color. I was so focused on finishing my picture so I could go potty that I started wiggling enough to catch daddy’s attention again.

“Little girl, are you sure you don’t have to go potty?” Daddy asked, much less playfully this time. Luckily, I noticed a song I like was playing on the cartoon I was watching and I quickly thought of a good excuse. “Daddyyyyy I don’t hafta potty, I just really like this song!” I said, pointing to the TV adamantly. Daddy didn’t seem completely convinced, but gave me a half smile and continued on with his work. I felt slightly relieved until I realized now I’d have to wait to go potty longer to prove to daddy I could go potty on my own since he’d just asked me again.

I continued coloring, hoping I could hold out a little longer, when I felt a little trickle of warm pee leak into the front of my pull-up. I gasped softly as I pushed my hand into my pussy hard to stop myself from having an accident. Luckily, I was able to get myself under control but I knew it wouldn’t last for long. I began rushing to finished coloring my picture, not even caring if I didn’t stay in the lines anymore. I had even resorted to wiggling and fidgeting unabashedly. I just knew I HAD to finish soon and go potty before daddy asked me if I had to go pee again-or worse, before I had an accident.

I was almost done my castle when another spurt of hot pee escaped into my pull-up. Even with my hand pressed firmly on my pussy, another longer spurt burst out after it. I had stopped everything I was doing and had decided in my desperation that I was willing to stop coloring right then to go potty, I just needed to get myself under control again for long enough to run to the bathroom. No matter how much I tried to stop it, my pee kept leaking out in spurts. The time between the spurts kept getting shorter and shorter until I couldn’t stop it at all anymore and just began helplessly peeing my pull-up like a toddler. I felt myself blush again as I looked down in my lap and waited until I was done.

My pull-up was so warm and squishy when I was all done. It made me feel so naughty and my princess parts started feeling all tingly. I began rubbing the front of my pull-up under my blanket as I finished coloring. I had almost completely forgotten about daddy being in the room when his voice suddenly pulled me out of my naughtly little trance. “Little girl, are you almost finished with your picture?” he asked. I didn’t realize it then, but daddy had noticed how squirmy I had gotten and then how I suddenly had stopped squirming all together and had grown suspicious. “Uh-huh” I answered, trying to seem like nothing unusual had happened. “Good, I want to see when you’re done.” he said. “Okay, daddy” I answered.

Daddy was growing even more suspicious over my short responses. “Sweetie, is there something you need to tell daddy?” daddy asked. “Noooo…” I answered, trying to sound puzzled instead of guilty. “Baby girl, you know what happens to little girls who lie to their daddies, don’t you?” daddy asked. “They-they get punished daddy?” I answered questioningly. Daddy nodded and got up from his chair. He began to approach me. “You’re right, they get punished. Now, I’m going to ask you a question and I need you to tell me the truth, little girl. You wouldn’t want to have to be punished for lying to daddy, would you baby?” daddy asked as he knelt down on the floor next to me, looking down at me sternly. “No, daddy.” I answered, shaking my head and giving daddy the biggest puppy dog eyes I could muster. “Good girl. Now tell daddy the truth, did you have an accident in your little girl panties?” daddy asked, looking me straight in the eyes.

I suddenly felt even more self aware of the squishy, warm pull-up pushing against my pussy. I blushed furiously and looked away as daddy awaited my answer. I couldn’t bring myself to admitting I had had an accident while trying to finish coloring a picture like a 2 year old. “Well?” daddy asked, pressing me for an answer. “No, daddy.” I answered softly, still looking down at my picture. Daddy sighed and waited a moment, maybe he was hoping I’d change my answer before he responded but I just sat there silently looking at my still unfinished picture. Finally, I picked up a crayon and attempted to continue coloring, but daddy caught my hand and I quickly dropped the crayon. Daddy pulled me up and stuck his hand under my dress. I felt tears gathering in my eyes as daddy felt the front of my pull-up and looked down at me.

“Little girl, you are soaking wet! Why did you lie to daddy?” daddy asked, obviously disappointed. I couldn’t answer, all I could do as cry. “Why didn’t you go potty when daddy reminded you to?” daddy asked. “I-I had to finish my picture first! And I didn’t need you to remind me to potty, daddy cause I’m a big girl and I can go potty all by myself!” I cried. Daddy pushed my wet pull-up against my pussy, “Oh really, you’re a big girl and can go potty all by yourself? Would a big girl be wearing a soaking wet pull-up while having to explain to her daddy how she didn’t manage to make it to the potty even when she was reminded to go repeatedly?” daddy asked. With that, my pouty expression turned to a pitiful one. I couldn’t think of anything to say to that, and at the same time I was just hoping daddy would keep pressing my wet pull-up against me.

“That’s what I thought, little girl.” Daddy said, with a bit of a sadistic smile. “It’s okay that you had an accident sweetie, because you are just a little girl and sometimes little girls have accidents. What isn’t okay is that you lied to daddy…what did we say happens to little girls who lie to their daddies?” daddy asked, enjoying the look on my face as he continued rubbing the front of my pull-up. “Ummm…they-they get punished?” I answered, feeling my pussy get wet with something other than pee. “MmHmmm, now come follow daddy to the bedroom so you can accept your punishment like a good little girl.” Daddy said, taking my hand and leading me to the bedroom.\

All credit to http://daddyslittlesnugglebunny.tumblr.com/post/118686734566

*004*2017-04-09 01:06

Today I’ve been shopping with two of my regular friends. Neither of them know about my fetish for diapers, so I made sure it was well hidden under my skirt.

I’d done one really big pee in the food court after drinking a large cup of juice, and a few other little pees that I’d let dribble out while we we’re checking out some clothes stores. My diaper had began to feel very wet and droopy, and I figured that I should just hold my pee now rather than risk my diaper leaking. I held my pee for the rest of the afternoon, really enjoying the swishy feeling on my bum every time we sat down. After a few more drinks through out the afternoon, I was pretty desperate to go pee. I contemplated just going in a bathroom stall when my friends went to pee, and dumping the diaper in the trash, but as I had no panties with me, I decided against it, and continued to just hold on.

Once I got home I was about to burst. I talk to you for a minute about what happened and how scared I was that if I’d wet my diaper any more that my friends would have seen pee running down my legs! I show you how wet my diaper is, and you see that it’s completely soaked, even all the way up my back! I get on to my bed and pull the bottom of my little black dress up, so you get the perfect view of my diaper.

Opening my legs, I relax and let go of the pee that I’d spent so long holding on to. It gushes out fast and you can hear it clearly splashing in to the diaper before it’s absorbed. I pee so much that as I expected, the diaper can’t possibly hold it and I start to leak badly. You can see the diaper changing color as it absorbs as much as it can and then my pee pee just flowing out of the leg bands and making a big puddle on my bed! I stand up and even though I’ve stopped peeing, the pee still continues to run down the back of my legs from my over flowing diaper. I tell you how embarrassed I would have been if I had of risked doing this pee in my diaper while I was out, and had been stood in front of my friends and hundreds of other people like this!

Even though this is a very embarrassing thought, it still makes my pussy tingle a little. I rub gently between my legs, my fingers sinking in to the soggy diaper hanging low between my thighs. I realize how wet I’m making my bed, as every time I move, a little more pee seems to be forced out of my diaper. Getting up, I go over to my closet and pull a fresh diaper out of the pack. I start to undo the tapes on my wet diaper, and can feel even before they’re all undone how heavy it is. I hold my diaper up for you too look at, its super yellow with pee pees and the weight of it makes all the inside of the diaper drop down to the bottom of it, making a big pile of soggy mess.

I unfold my diaper and lay it out on the bed. I don’t know why but even after all these years, there is still something about seeing an unfolded diaper laid out that gives me butterflies in my tummy. I show you how wet my bare bottom is before using wipes to clean myself up, and take the smell of pee away. Then laying down on top of the diaper, I powder myself and tape it tightly around me. As I show off my new diaper to you,

My pussy is so wet and slippery that my fingers keep slipping off! I then fuck myself, I can feel the orgasm building, I fuck harder and harder with two fingers until I burst in to an orgasm! Mmmmmmm it was so so nice. Even writing this now is making me want to get in to bed, think about what I did, and fuck myself all over again!

Once my body has stopped trembling, I tell you how I better change. I get a second clean diaper, and take off my smelly dirty one. You watch as I change my diaper, and wonder how it’s possible for a girl who looks so good, to actually be so naughty :P It’s a pretty big clean up, but finally my bottom is all nice and clean again. I powder and re diaper myself , then fold up my dirty diaper, and take it over to the garbage bin. I show you how full and over flowing it is, with wet diapers from the past few days!

Feeling sleepy after all that fun, I lay out across my bed to relax and think about what a dirty girl I am!

Sorry i cant give credit to auther because there tumblr was deactivated :(

