Is AI right?

Author: wether

*000*2023-03-14 13:15

I used ChatGPT to create some AI-generated pee desperation short stories. One of the result is interesting.

My question was: ''Tell me a story of a young woman desperate to pee. She has to do some physical activities like jumping jacks, splits and so on. Finally she has to put a tenniss ball under her belly and lie on it"

The answer was:

Once upon a time, there was a young woman named Emily who was participating in a gymnastics competition. As she was preparing for her performance, she suddenly felt the urge to pee. She tried to ignore it and focus on her routine, but the pressure in her bladder was increasing.

The competition started, and Emily performed flawlessly, but the urge to pee was getting unbearable. She tried to hold it in, but her body couldn't take it anymore. Emily was in desperate need of a restroom break, but the competition was in full swing, and she couldn't leave the stage.

The next part of her routine required her to do jumping jacks, splits, and other physically demanding activities. Emily knew she couldn't hold it any longer and begged the judges to let her take a quick break. But they refused, saying that it would disrupt the competition.

Feeling hopeless, Emily remembered a trick her coach had taught her. She grabbed a tennis ball and put it under her belly, lying on it. The pressure of the ball on her bladder provided some relief, and Emily was able to finish her routine without any accidents.

After the competition, Emily rushed to the restroom and finally relieved herself. She was exhausted and embarrassed but also proud of herself for finding a creative solution to her problem.

From that day on, Emily always kept a tennis ball with her during competitions, just in case. She learned the importance of listening to her body and finding solutions to her problems, even in the most challenging situations.

Especially interesting is the end. I think, when one has a full bladder, lying on a tennis ball should make things worse, possibly even make one not be able to hold it any longer. Here it becomes a trick that helps hold it. Or maybe my question was not precise enough?

Who is right?

*004*2023-03-15 13:14

{{14 hours ago, entainwinter said:

I think we humans are the same. We just have a better dataset. We know from our longer lives and greater knowledge of anatomy that the tennis ball thing wouldn't work out.

}}

Maybe in some particular case it could work ("do a trick"), and this is a dataset the AI was learned 😉 Hence my question. For me, it's obvious it wouldn't work, but we the people have so may different anatomies...

*006*2023-03-15 18:58

{{1 hour ago, Apan said:

But in all honesty, this is not the place to discuss these things. I already regret commenting in the thread in the first place and I'll hereby refrain from raping it even further.

}}

Nothing to regret, I think the topic is not raped.

