Tokio Hotel fanfiction

Author: Wolf-93

*000*2012-04-03 18:31

So, as KayLeigh happens to like Bill Kaulitz and I happen to know where to find several watersports/omorashi stories about him, I decided to post them all here. Maybe other people like these as well. Before you start reading I would like to warn you: most of these stories contain watersports. Not just omorashi.

1. Fetish by KadaverKillzzz

%http://fiction.tokiohotelfiction.com/viewstory.php?sid=1463&chapter=1

2. Bathroom by black_tinker_bell

%http://fiction.tokiohotelfiction.com/viewstory.php?sid=2853&chapter=1

3. Heated Confession by icemint

%http://fiction.tokiohotelfiction.com/viewstory.php?sid=639&chapter=1

4. Ready, Set... I Need To Go! by RetteLeana

%http://fiction.tokiohotelfiction.com/viewstory.php?sid=4567&chapter=1

5. Rest Stop by RetteLeana

%http://fiction.tokiohotelfiction.com/viewstory.php?sid=4855&chapter=1

6. Squirm by RetteLeana

%http://fiction.tokiohotelfiction.com/viewstory.php?sid=12659&chapter=1

*003*2012-04-04 06:18

Alright, just to show you that it's worth to get an account there.

Ready, Set... I Need To Go! by RetteLeana

“Bill? Hey, Bill? Are you awake?” Bill slowly opened his eyes to see his twin staring down at him, a mysterious grin upon his face.

“Um…yeah? Now I am. What do you want at…” He looked down to check his watch. “One o clock in the morning?” Tom smiled before laying down on Bill’s side, his arm falling out and pulling Bill closer. His lips nuzzled into Bill’s neck before quickly placing a kiss there. Bill giggled before turning his face to meet Tom’s lips head on, making both of them moan. Pulling away, Tom let his hand reach out to caress Bill’s cheek, smiling sweetly.

“Bill…I wanna play a game. Do you wanna play a game with me?” Bill frowned, clearly confused.

“Um…Tom, what are you talking about? What kind of game?” Tom smirked before letting his lips land on Bill’s ear as he whispered.

“A fun game. I promise. It will make you so happy.” Bill pulled away from Tom so he could look straight into his eyes.

“What the fuck, Tom? I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Tom quickly rolled on top of Bill and pinned him to the bed, smiling widely.

“We’re gonna play a game, me and you. It’ll be fun, and it will be totally worth it in the end. Come on, baby brother. Let’s play!” Bill scoffed before giving the dejected looking Tom one last look. He hated the guilt he felt so he sighed before leaning up and kissing Tom’s cheek.

“Fine. I’ll play this game, but afterwards I wanna sleep.”

“If you’re gonna play, you need to follow all of the rules. Understand? No backing out at any point…got it, baby?” The use of the word ‘baby’ made Bill pay no attention to the rest of the sentence before smiling. Of course he would do anything for Tom. He loved him.

Tom quickly jumped up before grabbing the chair from the hotel desk and placing it in the middle of the hotel room. Going back over to Bill, he tugged lightly on the singer’s wrist until Bill stood, pressed tightly against Tom’s chest. Chuckling deep in his throat and sending vibrations from his bare chest to Bill’s, he lifted the boy before slowly placing him in the chair.

“Bill…I need to tie you up, now. Is that ok?” Bill shivered in excitement, hoping that this could lead to something arousing in the end. He nodded, giving Tom permission to tie him up, which he did. Before he realized it, there were four tight ropes tying his arms and legs to the chair. So tight that he couldn’t even move more than an inch in every direction. He looked up at Tom and stiffened when he saw the feral gleam in his older brother’s eyes. What the hell was he planning?

Kneeling in front of his restrained brother, Tom pulled out a pair of scissors before silently cutting off Bill’s boxers. It was easier this way, because Bill wouldn’t ask questions until after he was successfully restrained. Giving Tom a confused look, Bill opened his mouth to ask him what was going on but couldn’t help but moan as Tom grasped his exposed hardness in one hand. Tom’s magic fingers pulled for a little longer before giving up, letting Bill stay semi hard and flushed.

Standing up and heading across the room, Tom grabbed a cold bottle of water before walking all the way back to Bill.

“You want some water, baby? You must be thirsty.” Bill nodded. He wasn’t thirsty at the moment, but he wasn’t sure what Tom was playing at. This might be the last time he got water for the night. Oh, how wrong he was.

Tom smiled before uncapping the bottle and placing it to Bill’s lips. He dumped it slowly into Bill’s mouth until every single drop was gone. And not one single droplet of water escaped his mouth. After all, swallowing was his specialty.

Giving Bill one more clouded look, he grabbed another cold water bottle before once more pressing it to Bill’s lips. Confused but not wanting to disobey, Bill took all, well most, of the water in. A few droplets fell down his mouth, to his chin, to his chest, and finally resting in his belly button. But nonetheless, Bill drank as much as he could. Tom smiled successfully before patting Bill’s head like he was a small child.

“You’ve done good. Now, I’m going to bed. I’ll wake up in an hour, and don’t even think of making any noise to awaken me. If you do, you’ll be punished more.” Tom gracefully made his way over to the hotel bed before curling up under the blankets and letting his eyes close contentedly. He wasn’t planning on falling asleep, but even if he did he would be alright. He just wanted to close his eyes and hear Bill’s moans…he knew they had to come sooner or later…

Bill sat silently in his chair for about twenty minutes until he began to feel the effects of the excessive liquid in his body. He hadn’t used the bathroom since right after the interview had ended earlier that day, which had been over nine hours ago. Now he was really regretting not going again. He felt such a strange pressure in his lower stomach that made him feel a little nauseous, but he couldn’t help but squirm slightly when the intense need to pee overcame every other thought in his mind.

He had to have been sitting there for at least forty five minutes, right? No. It wasn’t even 1:30 yet. Oh god, he needed to pee. Why the fuck did Tom do this to him? What was his goal? Should he wake his twin up and tell him of his dilemma? He quickly shot that idea down. Tom had said not to wake him up, or he would be punished. He didn’t want any more punishment, so he resorted to simply squirming and moaning uncomfortably when needed.

Tom, still pretending to be asleep, was silently writhing against his own hand as he heard his brother moan. But soon, he knew it would get better. Pausing in his actions, he maneuvered himself so he could watch Bill and still seem asleep at the same time.

Twenty minutes had passed, and still Bill had to pee. The feeling was starting to get overwhelming, and as his eyes landed on his still semi erect cock, he moaned loudly. He couldn’t stand it. He needed to go!

“Tomi…god, Tomi please! Wake up…” Tom grinned. He knew Bill would crack, and now it was time for the fun to begin. He jumped out of bed, giving Bill a false angry glare before standing in front of him.

“What the fuck, Bill? I thought we said no waking me up. Now I’m awake. I just might have to punish you now.” Bill flinched back, but he still had the need to pee.

“Tomi, I need to use the bathroom. Please!” Tom eyed Bill carefully before laughing.

“Bill…I told you that you would be punished…” Pulling a cold water bottle from the mini bar, he uncapped this third bottle before placing it against Bill’s lips. When he struggled, Tom slapped him, the sound of the crack resonating throughout the small room.

“Fucking drink it, you whore. You woke me up, now pay the fucking price…” Swallowing his tears, Bill opened his mouth to take the water into his system. The bottle seemed ever ending, and as soon as it was done, another was placed at his lips.

“Please, Tomi…I need to use the bathroom! This isn’t helping!”

“I know, dumb ass. Now drink before I shove this bottle down your throat.” Bill started to cry as he let the liquid run down his throat, going into his stomach before heading straight to his bladder.

“Tomi…Oh god Tom! Please stop!” Tom grinned, throwing the now empty bottle to the side before patting Bill’s head.

“Mind if I use the bathroom? I really have to go…” Leaving Bill, he walked into the bathroom, leaving the door open. Making sure to make as much noise as possible, he relieved himself before washing his hands and walking back over to a teary eyed Bill.

“Fuck, Tom! Let me pee!” Tom shrugged, kneeling down in front of Bill before starting to run careful fingers over his throbbing length. Bill screamed, arching back that one inch he was permitted before starting to cry.

“Tom! It hurts too much! Please!” Tom was too far gone at this point, now ferociously tugging on the hardness.

“Bill…listen to me. When I tell you to, let yourself go. Got it?” Bill cried out again before cringing, nodding reluctantly. Hoping Tom would let him go soon, Bill started to let himself get lost in the feelings Tom was eliciting from his dick. The pleasure started overriding the painful need to empty his bladder as he started to reach his climax.

“Tomi…Oh Tom, please…God, I’m so close…” Tom laughed, almost a giggle as he leaned to the side, his hand still pumping Bill’s leaking cock.

“Ready…set…GO!” Bill screamed, arching his back further, pulling on his restraints as he let himself go. pee streamed out of his cock like some fucked up fountain, landing on the ground around Tom and soaking into the hotel room carpet. In with the pee was his own come, making the experience that much more enjoyable, but humiliating at the same time. Soon finishing up releasing himself all over the room, Bill started to cry.

“Tomi…ugh, Tom let me out of this…” Tom gave him one crazy smirk before bringing his hand up to his lips and licking off the mixed substances. Bill moaned at the sight, but wanted nothing more than to clean himself up. Tom chuckled as he realized that Bill really wanted to get out. Standing quickly, avoiding the wet carpet areas in front of him, he grabbed the last bottle of water. He gently let the water run down Bill’s now parched throat before placing the bottle on the desk. He leaned down and planted a kiss on Bill’s forehead before slowly returning to his bed and climbing in. Bill turned his head to widen his eyes in shock at his brother. Was he just going to leave him there?!

Heavy snores filled the room, and Bill began to cry. This was so uncomfortable! Tom had forgotten him tied up to the chair!

He rested his head back before deciding he should just sleep as well. His eyes fluttered closed and he was about to pass out before that intense, extremely recognizable feeling attacked his insides…

He had to pee…

