The Gentleman: Parker's Present

Author: Weasel

*000*2017-10-22 05:15

Hello, everyone. Sorry to keep you waiting.

Part I

Part II

Part III

Part IV

Super-fast summary so you can get to the good stuff: our hero, Parker (the Gentleman) has finally found someone special, Meagan. And Meagan made him a promise...

~~~~~~~

Meagan kept her promises, and her body promised so much… but the actual purpose of college, education, got in the way. Spring semester seemed more frantic than fall. And so Meagan’s promise went unfulfilled for another two weeks, and in fact they didn’t even see each other for several days. But then Meagan found out that Parker’s birthday was three days before the beginning of Spring Break, which was coming right up.

“Okay, that is just perfect timing,” she said. “We are totally going to have a big party. But I’m not going to ask what you want for your birthday,” she told him with a sly grin, “because I already know. But I know what I want for your birthday.”

“What?”

She leaned in close and whispered in his ear: “Condoms. Think you can handle that?”

“Um—yes. Yes, I totally can.”

“Good.”

The party seemed to snowball—the Ultimate team rallied round at Meagan’s request, and CJ promised both music and beer. Parker made his own preparations by quickly raiding the big box of condoms at the college’s Health Services building, grabbing a handful, and then scampering away.

The Ultimate team was going down to Savannah, Georgia, for an all-week tournament over the break. Games didn’t start until Monday, however, so that gave everyone a two-day window to get there… and Meagan said it would take less than a day. So the plan was to have Parker’s blowout of a party on Friday night, sleep it off and take it easy on the emptied-out campus on Saturday, and do the driving on Sunday.

One crucial detail was still up in the air, unresolved—where were they going to have sex? Neither Parker’s roommate Jonathan, nor Dacy, Meagan’s roommate, were sure when they were leaving for home. But the morning of the party, Parker bumped into Meagan on the way to class. After a quick kiss, she leaned in to whisper in his ear, “I talked to Dacy. She said she’ll find a place to crash tonight.”

“Thank you,” he replied, fervently.

The day seemed to inch by, and Parker was vastly distracted—to the annoyance of his professors and the amusement of his classmates. Finally, finally, 4 o’clock came, the last class let out, and Parker practically skipped back to his dorm room to find that preparations were already under way. To his surprise Meagan had actually baked a cake. What was less surprising but just as exciting was CJ setting up his speakers in the dorm lounge where the RA had officially allowed them to be—plus the multiple six-packs of beer cooling in the fridge.

The preparations were complete by the time dinner rolled around at 5:30, and so Meagan and Parker and CJ and a few others all trooped off to the cafeteria. The lines weren’t long but they did linger, and so it wasn’t until nearly 7 that the party really began. CJ had his finest, most upbeat playlists. The beer was cheap, but after the first can, nobody noticed. There were plenty of people, including a few fellow dorm-mates who Parker barely knew but mostly stopped by because it was the Friday before Spring Break and there was beer and the party was right outside their doors. But the Ultimate team had showed up in force and was celebrating its own—a great kick-off to the Savannah trip, as Cap’n Josh pointed out.

Although she was doing a lot of dancing, Meagan kept pretty close tabs on Parker’s drinking. At several points she swung past, snatched the beer can from his grasp, and pressed a glass of water into his hand instead, whispering, “Don’t get too drunk, honey, we’ve got other plans tonight.” An hour later, as some of the other players tried to get Parker to chug a new can, she jumped between her boy and her team and said, “Oh, no you don’t! He’s mine tonight!” This got a big laugh and excused Parker from the duty of chugging. It didn’t get him out from blushing, though.

With all the water Meagan was making him drink, plus the food, he really wasn’t actually drunk, but he did have to go running off to the bathroom repeatedly. It was in the middle of pissing out the last beer he’d drunk that he had a sudden flash of realization. He’d been sticking pretty close to Meagan since he’d gotten back from class. During that time he’d peed several times—but he’d never seen her go to the bathroom.

He plunged out of the men’s room and looked for her. She was dancing, body rocking to the beat without a care in the world. Or was she? Looking more closely, he had to wonder. Was she dancing to the beat… or was she dancing because she was desperate? He hadn’t been watching her beer intake like she’d been stalking his. But it was now (he glanced at the clock) past 10pm and she hadn’t peed once in the last six hours, as far as he could tell.

He went over, and she pulled him in to the dance. It was not necessarily a bump-and-grind song, but she made darn sure he was getting plenty of contact with her body. That, and his sudden wild surmise, made him hard nearly instantly. He hoped she wouldn’t notice. But wait, that made no sense…

She noticed. She grinned. She said for his ear alone, “How are you feeling, honey?”

“Good. Really good.”

“Just wait,” she whispered.

Could he ask? Would that ruin things? Arousal and nervousness were rising simultaneously.

She noticed that too. “Relax,” she said. “I’ve got you.” And to suit her actions to her words, she draped her arms around his neck and pulled him close.

And that helped. He fell into her arms and kissed her. She held him and held the kiss a long time. She pushed against him, her whole body. She wouldn’t do that if she were desperate, would she? Or was her belly a little more taut than usual? Or was that just her muscle? (Truth be told, either way was exciting. He could not get enough of her muscles.)

At 11pm Meagan went over to CJ, who announced that the next track would be the last song. Groans, complaints, shouts of denial. Then CJ announced what the last song was: an exuberant all-in number that was one of the anthems of the Ultimate team that spring. Cheers. Meagan grabbed Parker and they jumped and whirled like it was the only thing in the universe. His desire and his nerves were replaced by sheer joy in the dance.

As the music faded away, there were again groans, but Meagan jumped up on a table and said, “All right, folks, thank you so much for coming! It’s been a fantastic evening!”

“Why so soon?” someone hollered.

“Parker and I have some unfinished business!” Meagan shot back.

Uproarious laughter. Parker blushed so deep he was risking a burst blood vessel.

“I’m talking about doing the dishes!” Meagan mock-protested.

Laughter again. But with the beer gone and the music done, the crowd began to disperse.

Meagan was serious about cleaning up. She stood at the sink rinsing out the cake pan—tapping her foot, Parker noticed. But then Riv and Val came over. “Stop that!” Riv said. “We can clean up.”

“You’re sure?” Meagan asked.

“Totally,” Riv said. “Go have fun.”

“Oh, thank god,” Meagan said with a sigh.

But there were still a few things to do, and as Parker moved to help he noticed that Meagan was still dancing, and not necessarily to any internal music. It wasn’t quite on any beat he could tell.

In fact it looked less like a dance and more like… a squirm.

With a few chores taken care of, and Riv assuring her that the rest would be handled, Meagan grabbed Parker and pulled him close for a kiss. “Ready to go?” she asked.

“Yup,” he said, with a knot in his belly.

“C’mon!”

She danced through the door and out into the last of the Friday night, dragging Parker along by the hand. The door closed behind them, the last teammates parted ways, and they crossed the quad to Meagan’s dorm. She was practically skipping. Beyond the pool of light cast by the buildings—though nothing was really dark on the quad, just more shadowy—and out of anyone’s earshot, Meagan said with quiet excitement, “Guess what?”

“You need to pee?”

“Aw, you guessed!”

“Well, you told me to.”

“Heh. I guess I did.”

“I started to figure it out a while ago, actually, when I realized how long it’s been...”

“I know!” Meagan said. “I think the last time I went was after class, so… 2:30-ish? And it’s 11:30 now… nine hours!”

“How many beers did you drink?”

“Two beers, three full glasses of water,” she answered promptly. “Plus another glass of water at dinner.”

“How have you not exploded?”

“Tell you a secret—no, two secrets...”

“What?”

“One, it’s a lot easier to hold on if you never break the seal. Two, I am so gonna explode if I can’t pee soon. I have not been this desperate for a long, long time.”

She paused, and drew him close—just as the blood stampeding south through his body reached his cock. “I guess that’s what you wanted to hear!” she murmured, and kissed him.

It wasn’t a long kiss—she had to back off after a few seconds. She stood with her legs pressed close together, hands at her sides, fists clenched. Then she relaxed—a little bit.

“Is it worse than that time in the car…?”

“Oh, it’s night and day, hot stuff. That wasn’t fun but I was never in danger of pissing my pants. Tonight that is absolutely a possibility.” She stopped, clearly thinking of something suddenly. “Do you want me to do that?” she asked. “’Cause if you do I wanna change first…”

“No, I don’t think so,” Parker said.

“’Kay, thanks. That would be much messier than what I'd planned on. So what do you want me to do? And can you decide really really quick?” she added. She crossed her legs.

“I wanna see more of you,” Parker gasped.

“ ’Kay. Works for me—I wanna see more of you. C’mon.”

She fumbled with the card key to get into the dorm, but a passing resident let them in. Meagan dragged Parker down the hall to her room, fumbling again, with the key this time. She had to cross her legs again, slightly crouched, as she wrestled with the lock. Parker offered to help, but he was shaking with anticipation and was no better. Meagan laughed and got them inside. The door locked behind them.

Meagan ran to close the blinds, then whirled back to kiss Parker and blurt, “Okay, so I need to go SO BAD. Whatever you want, honey, but let’s do it fast.” She stood with her legs crossed again, and a look of excited half-panic in her shining green eyes. She was grinning—tense, but grinning.

“I want… I…” he stammered. “I don’t even know!” But part of him knew what to do. He could hardly avoid it. He reached down, unzipped his fly, and started jacking off.

“Here, let me do that,” Meagan said. She knelt down in front of him and sat on her heel. “Oh god,” she said. “This is helping a tiny bit but god do I need to go. Can you make up your mind, please? Quick?” But she caressed his hard-on gently, kissed it tenderly.

“I… I wanna see you. Naked. And I wanna see you pee…”

She thought fast. “Can’t take you into the girl’s room, too much traffic… I’m gonna have to pee here…” Her eyes flashed around the room. “Trash can,” she said, nodding to the one at the foot of her bed. “That’ll do. Take the bag out, I don’t want to get it all soggy.”

Parker pulled out the bag, twisted up the top—no time or finger-steadiness to tie it off—and turned back to Meagan. She stood up slowly. “Ah, fuck,” she whispered. “I am so close to pissing my pants right now. I have not had to pee this bad since I was, like, nine.” She gave him a grin and grabbed his cock. “And you are so close to coming. Good god are you hard. I love it.”

“Can I… can I have sex with you?”

Meagan shook her head. “I’m so full of piss there’s no way you’d fit. I’d pop the second you tried. And you are about the same. You feel like you’re about to explode in my hand right now.” She let go of him, reached up her arms above her head. “Help me with my shirt?” she asked. Her legs were squeezed shut again.

With frantic hands he managed to get the t-shirt off her. She was wearing a silky dark-red bra underneath. It brought out the red highlights in her hair. She kept her hands on her head.

“Now my pants,” she said. “Hurry.”

The sound in her voice told him not to go slow, despite his sudden urge to tease her. Her panties and bra were clearly from a matched set. She looked ravishing. She also looked like she was about to wet herself then and there; those strong legs were shaking as she squeezed.

“This is why I wanted to change if you wanted me to piss my pants,” she said. “These are really nice panties. Feel them.”

He did, around the edge.

“No, silly,” she said. One hand came down to grab one of his; her other hand stayed on her head, fingers twining with her hair and gripping, white-knuckle tight. “Here,” she said, as she guided his hand to her butt. These muscles, too, were locked down. Her panties slid like silk over the steel beneath.

“And here,” she said, steering his hand around front. She somehow squeezed even tighter and spread her legs apart. Her fingers brought his to her crotch. She gave a little gasp as she stroked herself using his fingertips. “Okay, I can’t even do that,” she said, and crossed her legs again in a hurry.

“Can I see you naked?”

“Of course. I wanna be naked with you. Shit,” she added under her breath.

He reached for her bra.

“No, let me, you’ll take forever.” Her breasts fell loose, still looking a little larger than he would have guessed. He was nearly panting with excitement as he took all this in.

Meagan gasped. “Okay,” she said in a shaky voice. “I’m gonna… I’m… I’m about to leak, I’m gonna piss right now.” Nothing happened for a second; then she relaxed her legs fractionally, and quick as lightning whipped the red silk panties down to her ankles. She danced out of them and backed up to the trash can.

“Wait!” Parker said. “I want to…”

“There’s no way I can wait any more!” she said—squeaked, really—but she jammed one hand between her legs and bent over a little more at the waist (this had a fascinating effect on her boobs). With her other hand she grabbed his cock. Her hand was slightly clammy and it chafed him more than helped him. “Sorry,” she said as he explained this, and took her hand away. Then: “I’m going.”

“You’re peeing?”

“Yeah.” She squatted.

Then he heard the hiss and, a moment later, the splatter of her stream hitting the bottom of the trash can.

His frantic gaze took this all in—beautiful naked girl, peeing desperately after holding it for him, eyes half-closed in bliss as she sighed with relief—and then saw nothing but black as his eyes squeezed shut and his body erupted.

“Oh, wow,” Meagan said.

He looked down. He was still spurting a little, but that first bit—he knew he’d launched a rocket there, where had it ended up…?

“It went over my shoulder,” Meagan said, turning her head to look—her piss still streaming down into the can. He saw it now: a puddle of spunk on the floor a good two feet behind her.

“Good think you missed Dacy’s bed,” Meagan said with a grin. “If I’d known you were gonna come that much I would have sucked you off. But maybe you woulda just choked me!”

Parker shook his head. He was having a hard time talking. He was having a hard time standing.

“Oh, shiiiiit, does this feel good!” Meagan said. Her stream was still going.

“You like it?” Parker gasped.

She chuckled. “Parker, if you hadn’t peed in nine hours, you’d like it too. But to answer your real question… yeah, this was pretty hot. I love how turned on you got.”

Sudden realization dawned. “I’m sorry. We were gonna…”

She put a finger to her lips, since she couldn’t reach his. “Don’t. You had fun, that’s pretty obvious. We’ll do it tomorrow.”

Parker sat down abruptly on the bed. Meagan’s stream finally trailed off. At her request he passed her a tissue, which she used to wipe herself dry. She looked down into the trash can and laughed. “Holy crap, I held on to all that? I’m better at this than I thought.”

She stood up straight, stretching. “And whew, I am so relaxed right now by comparison. After all that holding…” A sudden yawn broke through her sentence. “Sorry! And… sorry, I think we’d better go to bed!”

Parker was still shaking from his thunder-cumming. “I don’t know if I can even sleep right now,” he said.

She grinned. “Give it a few minutes…”

~~~~~~~~~~

Stay tuned for part 5 and a half! Will Parker finally lose his virginity...? Will Meagan get to come as massively as Parker did...? What on earth will Meagan's roommate think of the trash can full of piss...?

Since I made you wait for part 5 for so long, I'll take pity and post the rest soon... but would I be on this site if I didn't like making people wait?

