The Risks We Take

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2016-10-21 01:23

"It is only by chance that any pants are wet; and only by fate that they were mine, and not yours."

Amy stood directly under the shower-head and let the nearly scalding water wash over her. A couplet sprang to mind and she subverted it to her experience in the one thought. How could this have happened again? At her age? She was supposed to be an adult now. A university student. Responsible. Sensible. She wasn't supposed to still be wetting her pants. That was not supposed to still be happening.

It had been just over four years since she'd last peed herself. Four years when she could tell herself that she had wet her pants for the very last time. But apparently not. It had now been forty-three minutes since she'd last wet herself. Ugh.

She still had her wet jeans to deal with; now in a pile two meters away from where she stood. But she couldn't see them with the curtain closed. Therefore they didn't count. They were a problem for future Amy. Present Amy could choose to forget all about today's embarrassment and just enjoy a nice, normal shower. Except, of course, that she couldn't. She ran through what had happened in her head over and over. Each decision she made that she could have made differently. Each time her luck had broken in just the wrong way.

Alicia, once the designated "mean girl" at her high school, and now her neighbour in the dorm room two over, had seen her not five minutes ago as she grabbed her towel from her room and tried to sneak into the showers. The whole dorm would know by dinner. Maybe she could skip the dining hall tonight. She had chips and orange juice cups in her room. Maybe people would forget by tomorrow. Probably not though. Amy knew better than anyone that people don't just forget someone wetting their pants. Aliciacertainly wouldn't.

The walk back to Simmons Hall had been hell. Why couldn't she have at least worn her black jeans today? She so nearly had; they were still laid out on her bed. But she'd realised that she'd spilled mustard on her 28 Days T-shirt the night before which meant her only clean top was a promotional shirt she'd won trying to order flavoured milk from a vending machine the summer before, and it went better with her faded blue jeans; as well as that top goes with anything.

So if she hadn't dripped that mustard last night the aftermath of her accident wouldn't have been seen by half the university, Alicia, at least, probably wouldn't have noticed. But she had dripped that mustard. That was so unlucky it felt unfair. Hell, yesterday she'd worn a jacket to class because of a cold snap. If the chilly weather had lasted just one day longer she could have tied her jacket around her waist. But it didn't. Because... some butterfly flapped it's wings in the Amazon or something.

She remembered standing up as the lecture finished and Professor Patel reminded them to read chapter 3 and answer the questions at the end before the tutorials on Friday. Why hadn't she just waited until everyone else had left? That hadn't been a good decision. Not her worst today, not by a long shot, but still not good. Probably she just wanted to get away. People had whispered. Some people laughed behind her back. She had cried. That had only drawn more attention. No one helped.

Though when she thought about it there was more to it than that. With a bit more luck she wouldn't have even wet herself in the first place. Wouldn't have had to feel the awful horror of peeing in her clothes as she sat in stunned terror in the middle of the Mitchell theatre, wetting herself in the middle of the third Introduction to Mathematics 1010 of the year. She didn't even remember what had been covered today. But there would be an audio recording on Unify; it would be fine. She'd either been too desperate and terrified of wetting herself for the first 52 minutes of the lecture, or humiliated and terrified of having to stand up and reveal her accident to the world for the last 8 minutes.

The moment she had lost control time stood still. It was one of those perfect moments where your mind seems to transcend your body and you can look at yourself with total objectivity. She couldn't believe that she was peeing in the middle of the lecture. It didn't seem possible that she could have lost bladder control. Adults don't do that. She doesn't do that, not anymore. For a moment the world seemed impossible. Teetering on the edge of reality for a split second. And then the spreading warmth that she was surprised to remember so well.

She should have got up when she realised there was a chance she wouldn't be able to hold out for the entire lecture. She did know there was a chance she wouldn't make it. She just didn't want to acknowledge that chance because that would mean she'd have to ask the rest of the row to stand up to let her out. And they would grumble and Professor Patel would comment and everyone would stare and it would be so embarrassing. Not as embarrassing as wetting yourself though. Not even the same order of magnitude. That hadn't been a good decision either.

She'd had been so desperate sitting there for the first fifty-two minutes of the lecture. Algebra. It had been about algebra. At least part of it had been. Whatever. Amy couldn't remember ever having been that desperate to pee in her entire life. And since she was in such a public place, with people sitting right next to her, she couldn't even pace around like she usually did when she badly needed to go to the bathroom. She'd tried to suppress her leg movements because they rattled the folding desk above her lap. Maybe if she'd fidgeted more she could have held on longer? Probably not though.

She shouldn't have let herself end up right in the middle of the row. It hadn't occurred to her that it would matter at the time, and had let the crowd of students sweep her into a very good spot to see the lecture, and a very awkward spot if she needed to leave discretely. Obviously she shouldn't have gone into this lecture either needing to pee as much as she did. But people her age don't wet themselves; they just cross their legs and are fine. But it was a huge mistake, again, obviously.

Assuming that there would be a bathroom next to the lecture theatre had been yet another mistake. There was one next to all the new theatres. But Mitchell was one of the old ones, built back in the fifties. There wasn't time to go looking for bathroom elsewhere if she didn't want to walk in late. Any of her other classes she probably would have found another bathroom first, and just snuck in five minutes into class. But Patel always made sure to comment on anyone walking in late. And the whole lecture theatre would turn to look at the object of his scorn. Too embarrassing. Heh.

Amy was usually ten minutes early to her lectures, just to make sure. Just in case something happened to slow her down. But she'd been in the Union with him. And she hadn't wanted to leave any earlier then she had to. Why hadn't she just skipped the lecture and listened to it later on Unify? She'd thought about it. It's not like actually attending Patel's lecture gives you any extra advantage, he's very much an old school chalk and talk lecturer. But her parents were paying a lot of money to have her studying at the university and it just wouldn't have felt right to skip the lecture. So she left him and the union at the last possible second. She'd actually had to run the make it to the lecture in time. Each step jolting her already overfull bladder.

She didn't normally drink beer at lunch. Much less two beers. But he was drinking and it did relax her, made her a bit flirtier. And he bought the second one for her without actually asking, it would have been rude not to drink it. She hadn't considered that beer would go straight through her. She'd needed to pee rather badly before she even started the second beer.

She needed to pee before she'd started her first beer. Not all that much though. So she put it off. Amy did that. Put off peeing in public bathrooms as long as she reasonably could. It hadn't been a problem in years. Maybe she'd just been lucky. Actually she'd definitely just been lucky.

Last year when she'd arrived home right on the edge of losing control and had actually had to change her panties.

The summer before when she'd all but given up and nearly resigned herself to an accident when she'd stumbled upon that empty bathroom at the last second.

A few months before that, or maybe after that, when the queue had been out the door, she'd been too embarrassed to cut in line, and she'd only just hung on.

Maybe she'd actually been lucky to have gone so long without an accident...

But for four years she had known that she had wet herself for the last time.

