Wendy's first time

Author: wendywetpants

*000*2021-07-29 09:58

Preface: This story is loosely based on a personal experience, but the circumstances have been changed somewhat.

The Wendy of this story is largely based on myself, but with some details changed for anonymity.

Anyway. On with the story!

...

It was one of those crisp fall days – the sun was still warm, but there was a cold hint to the air. Wendy was out running errands; there were several things she had put off long enough. She enjoyed feeling the sun on her face again. The weather had been gray and drab for days.

There were plenty of people around, as everyone seemed to be making the most of the nice weather.

Achoo! Achoo! Achoo!

And then an almost panicky little squeak: “Ooh!”

The sneezes came on fast, mid-stride almost, probably because of the bright sunlight in her eyes. “Bless you!” said a young man passing by. “Thanks!” said Wendy, as she smiled and kept on walking. Nobody watching would have thought anything was amiss. Everyone was going about their business as if nothing had happened. But something did happen.

Wendy’s mind was reeling. What was THAT?! How? Why?! She must have sneezed a thousand times before in her life?

She kept on walking, while giving herself a mental once-over: She was wearing black jeans. Her coat went half-way down her thighs. She didn’t think anyone would see. She was fine. It was not that much. Nobody would see. To anyone passing by, she was just a nice, normal lady going about her business. And yet. And YET. Somehow, she was not. She was not a normal lady. She was not fine.

At every sneeze, she had felt a spurt of hot pee escape into her pants. She had PEED her pants! She had WET herself! How could this have happened? She didn’t even have to go! She had NEVER in her life accidentally wet herself! At least not since that time she was five and miscalculated how long she could hold it.

Her heart was racing, like she’d just run ten miles. She had to survey the damage.

Wendy started to make her way to the shopping center three blocks down. They would have toilets. As she walked, she could feel the warm wetness on her skin. She HAD WET HER PANTS! She was unable to think about anything else. Wendy’s cheeks were burning. She was sure everyone was looking at her, that they would somehow know what she had done. Rationally, she knew there was no way they could, but Wendy still couldn’t shake the feeling. It felt strange, walking around with wet pants in public like that. It was oddly titillating, tingly almost.

Ah, finally. The toilets. Wendy quickly found a stall and pulled down her pants.

The entire gusset of her panties was wet, and her jeans had a wet spot about the size of a silver dollar, right at the crotch. Again, Wendy wondered how this had happened. She sat down and let out whatever pee she had left, which wasn’t much, as she didn’t really have to go in the first place. Then why had she just wet her pants?!

Was she sick? Was this just middle age? And if it was, was it going to happen again? So many questions.

She pulled her soggy clothes back up and exited the stall. Thankfully, she was alone in the ladies’, and she could take her time looking carefully at herself in the mirror, even lifting up her coat to check out her butt. The wet spot was not visible. Wendy breathed a sigh of relief. Thank God for that, at least. But just to be sure, she buttoned her coat, covering her thighs both front and back.

And then she took a deep breath and continued her errands.

Running around town, she found it virtually impossible to focus on anything but the wetness in her pants. She went to the bank, to the post office, to the dry cleaner. Everywhere she went, she was intensely aware of the moist feeling between her legs and her mind kept going over again and again what had happened. What it had felt like when she sneezed. The spurt of warm, wet pee forcing its way out into her pants with every ‘achoo’. No warning. Nothing she could do to stop it. It had just gushed out. One uncontrollable hot, wet spurt with every sneeze. Caught her completely by surprise. She had felt it soak into her underwear and into her pants. Her entire crotch had been warm and wet.

She remembered what it had looked like when she pulled her pants down. The wet gusset, so much darker than the dry cotton around it. The wet spot on her jeans. Dark. Wet. And yet, not visible. Unseen. Hidden from those around her. (Thank God!) Secret. Titillating. Naughty. Like she had gotten away with something. And she had. Hot pee had gushed into her pants, in public, in broad daylight, and nobody knew but her. The more she replayed the incident in her mind, the more her shame dissipated. She thought about the gushing sensation. It was like nothing else she had ever felt. Hot. Uncontrollable. Her shame gave way to a tingly, naughty feeling. Almost in spite of herself, she felt a little turned on. The spurts of pee soaking into her pants had felt…good? She would be mortified if anyone ever found out she had wet herself, if anyone had seen, but nobody had seen. It was her little secret. Nobody knew she had wet her pants in public. She had peed her pants!

Wendy had planned to go straight home after wrapping up the rest of her errands, but she suddenly decided to stop at her favorite coffee shop to get a nice cup of coffee before heading home. To calm her nerves, so to speak. She found a parking spot outside and quickly stuck a hand down between her legs and felt her jeans before getting out of the car. Almost dry now. Nobody would suspect a thing.

Even so, she kept her coat on and tucked it under her butt when she sat down, just to be sure. She didn’t want to risk leaving a damp spot on the chair.

Sipping her coffee, she wondered if any of the other people in the coffee shop had ever wet themselves. Suddenly it was all she could think about. Some probably had, but she found it hard to imagine. She pulled up some statistics on her phone, and according to Google, ‘1 in 4 adult women have experienced leaking urine involuntarily’. One in four! She counted 12 women in the room, including the staff. If those statistics were to be believed, and if she counted herself as among those 25 percent, that meant that two other women in that very room right now had wet themselves on one or more occasion.

Had their experience been like hers? Had they been able to keep it a secret, or did someone see? Had it been a small leak? Sneezing, perhaps, like her? Or had they found themselves in a situation where they really had to go and had been unable to hold it anymore? She couldn’t even imagine what that would feel like. Or look like. Losing control completely? She suspected that full-on wetting one’s pants would be difficult to hide. She would be mortified if that ever happened to her. She couldn’t recall a single incident where she had seen an adult wet themselves. She had seen the aftermath a couple of times, people who were drunk at a music festival and had wet themselves after passing out. But she had never seen it actually happen.

What would it feel like? Being unable to hold it? Would it be like when a dam burst – everything coming out all at once? Her stomach did an unexpected little flip when she thought about all the pee gushing out at once. Or would it be more like a small trickle – where you would try desperately to hold everything in, and then drop after drop would find its way out, despite your efforts? What would THAT feel like? Tensing every muscle you had and yet feeling hot, wet pee slip out anyway, soaking into your underwear and your pants?

Feeling it grow warm and wet and sodden despite your every effort? She imagined that she would feel quite panicked at not being able to control herself. And would you then just give up after a while and let everything go if you couldn’t stop the trickle and couldn’t find anywhere to go pee? And what would THAT feel like? How would it feel to simply let go, to let the pee gush freely, soaking your underwear and your pants, running down your legs, leaving a puddle on the ground? Wendy’s wet spot earlier had been small, concentrated to the crotch area. Would it feel different to have pee running down her legs?

She focused on a woman a couple of tables over. She was sitting with a man, probably her husband. They both looked to be in their mid-forties, and they looked like average people. Clean, well-dressed, good hair. The woman had lovely make-up. Understated, but well done. It made her look younger. She was good-looking, but approachable. Seemed friendly. She was very much like Wendy herself. Had she ever accidentally wet herself? Had she at some point in her life sneezed and felt hot pee gush into her pants, unable to stop it? How did it make her feel? Did she also find it oddly arousing to feel the wetness against her skin?

Again, Wendy replayed the incident in her mind. The gushing sensation had been like nothing she had ever experienced before. Warm, wet, uncontrollable. The way the pee had soaked her underwear, cradling her sex… A warm, sensual touch. She found herself getting a little turned on again. It was a tingly, almost insistent sensation. She felt herself getting wet again. Not from pee this time.

As soon as she came home, she headed straight for the shower. Her clothes would go in the wash. She went to take her clothes off, but paused in front of the full-length mirror. She looked herself up and down. Her cheeks were still flushed, and she had those red blotches on her chest and neck. Normally, she would get those only when she was stressing out about something, like giving a speech in front of people, but apparently a little slightly shameful sexual arousal also brought it out in her. She grinned awkwardly at her own reflection.

She looked at her crotch area. She had WET herself today. Peed in HER PANTS. Completely by accident, and completely unexpectedly. Pee had gushed out – her stomach did the little flip again when she remembered the gushing sensation – and her crotch had been wet. Her pants had had a wet spot. She had walked around town in pants wet with her pee. And nobody had known! Her stomach flipped again. Nobody had known. She had been naughty, but nobody knew.

What if more pee had come out? What if her bladder had been really full when she sneezed? Would she have been able to stop it? Would the wet spot have been bigger? Would anyone have seen? She almost wanted to see it. Try it. She did kind of have to go. Not a lot, but there was a slight urge. She relaxed, allowing the pee to creep closer to the opening. Did she dare? She had already peed in these clothes once today. They were going straight in the wash. What would be the harm in trying it out?

She let it come closer, almost letting it out. Everything felt tingly, her breath was shallow. God, that felt good! At one point, she felt the pee about to come out when her muscles suddenly cut everything off. Apparently, a lifetime of trying to keep the pee out of your pants was hard to overcome. She chuckled and tried again. It felt a little ridiculous, but she didn’t want to stop now. She wanted to know what it felt like.

This time it was easier. The sensation of keeping the pee right at the opening felt sooo good. She reveled in it for a few seconds. And then she relaxed her muscles and let it come. The first few drops felt blazing hot. It didn’t quite gush, it was more like a slow trickle, but the warm wetness soaking her panties was the same. It cradled her sex. The pee kept flowing, and she didn’t stop it at first. For four, maybe five seconds, she let it flow, before she almost fearfully tensed up, stopping the flow.

She had peed! She had wet her pants! On purpose! What the hell was she doing!? How the hell did this feel so good?! The pee had soaked a much bigger area than the gushes from her sneezing. The wetness extended further up the front and more toward the back. While she definitely would have panicked if this had happened in public, the wetness on her jeans was surprisingly hard to see because the jeans were so dark. She could just make out the outline. The wet spot extended about halfway down her thighs. There were a couple of drops on the tile floor. She felt much wetter than before, which was perhaps not surprising, considering she had let out much more pee this time. She liked feeling it on her thighs. The bigger wet spot made it feel naughtier, somehow.

She was really turned on at this point. There was something about the taboo of it all. Flouting convention. She was an adult. She was not supposed to wet herself, and yet… she had. The sensation of letting the warm, wet pee just flow out into her pants, enveloping her sex was incredibly arousing. This was not an accident. She had deliberately relaxed her muscles and relieved herself while fully clothed. It was ridiculous. But also incredibly thrilling. She could not resist putting her hand down the front of her jeans. It was sopping wet and slick with her own juices. She began to touch herself, softly. Gently. Her clitoris was extremely sensitive. She could not remember the last time she was this aroused. Almost without thinking, she let out a bit more pee. Her fingers were right there. She could feel the stream across her fingers, soaking into the fabric underneath. Hot. Wet. Too much to bear. She climaxed right then and there.

*002*2021-07-29 13:40

{{2 hours ago, derektor_2000 said:

Wendy - you had my favorite kind of accident - first real one, finding out the appeal despite everything else going on around you. Following with discovery that it actually feels GOOD!!! And taking it from there...

}}

Thank you!

While I, unlike the Wendy in this story, have known how good it feels to have "accidents" since childhood, the accidental leaks while sneezing was actually something that DID happen to me a while back, and it caught me completely off guard. If the internet is to be believed, it happens quite commonly with women, but it had just never happened to me. Until it did.

