Jenny series: Family game night

Author: Wet19

*000*2019-10-09 20:46

Definitely not one of my better ones, but here it is.

Jenny opened the door and entered the house from the garage. She had just gotten home from a class and was excited to spend the rest of the evening with Megan and Katy for family game night. She walked into the living room and found Megan, her lover, laying on her stomach with a board game in front of her. It was clear she was in the middle of a game with Katy, her daughter, but Katy was not in the room.

"Hey, how was class?" Megan asked.

"Meh, the usual. Professor Whitman is really good at breaking things down, but the material is just so boring." Jenny said as she set her backpack down near the hallway entrance. "Where's Katy?"

"Bathroom." Megan said as she started to get up. When she lifted herself off the floor, Jenny saw that the front of her jeans was soaked and there was a large wet spot on the carpet where she had just been laying. From the glistening and how tiny streaks shot downward, it was clear that Megan had just finished peeing herself seconds before. She walked over to Jenny and embraced her in a hug, then gave her a quick but passionate kiss on the lips. Jenny reached down and felt Megan's crotch. Her hand instantly became soaked with Megan's pee. Megan just smiled at her. They heard the toilet flush and Megan put her finger over her mouth and said quietly "shhh" then quickly went and laid back down covering the wet spot on the carpet. Jenny snickered at the idea that the 10 year old was the one who went to the toilet like a big girl and her mom was the one who'd wet herself, albeit, on purpose.

After washing her hands, Katy came into the room and said "You're turn mom!"

"I don't need to go." Megan said matter-of-factly.

"What? No, I mean your turn in the game silly!" Katy said as she threw her arms around Jenny. "Are you going to play with us?" She asked.

"Of course!" Jenny replied, returning the hug. She joined them on the floor but had to wait until the next round to join the game, so she just sat with her legs crossed and watched. As soon as she was comfortable, she relaxed and started to pee in her jeans. Katy noticed and said jokingly "You need potty training!"

"So do you!" Jenny replied, also jokingly.

"Psh! I just went to the toilet!" Katy said as she moved her piece on the board.

"Psh! Only because you got in trouble! What was it again?" Jenny said playfully while tapping her chin with one finger.

Katy's face flushed and she said with slight solemn "I peed my pants at school again."

Jenny glanced down to see how large of a wet spot she'd made on the carpet and to momentarily admire her wet jeans, then she looked back at Katy and said "Yeah, so how long is your no-wetting punishment?"

Katy looked at the clock on the wall, then back at Jenny "Until mid-night. That's like six hours away!"

"Think you can last that long?"

"You obviously can't!"

Jenny gasped and smiled at the sharp reply. "I didn't get in trouble though!"

"Yeah, well at least mom is still dry!" Katy retorted glancing at Megan. Megan stuck out her tongue at Jenny. Jenny bit her lip and resisted the urge to snicker.

"Alright!" Jenny said standing up. "Let's have a contest!" She went into the kitchen and got three large 64 ounce water bottles from the cupboard and filled them up. She took them back into the living room and set one next to each of them. "You two have 30 minutes to drink the entire bottle, whoever wets themselves first loses!" Jenny shot a mischievous at Megan, who returned to her a look of unamusement. Jenny sat back down in her wet spot and started a 30 minute timer on her phone. Katy and Megan both began gulping water at regular intervals over the next half hour. Meanwhile Jenny casually sipped hers, intending to enlarge the wet spot she'd already made at some point during the evening.

After the 30 minutes had elapsed, both Megan and Katy had finished their bottles as required by the contest. 60 minutes in, after several more rounds of the board game, Katy was starting to squirm. Megan, though her bladder was filling up, wasn't quite desperate yet.

"Let's play a different game." Katy said. "Mom, you go pick one."

"That's okay, you can pick the next one." Megan replied.

"But it's your turn, I picked this one." Katy responded.

"How about Jenny pick?" Megan suggested.

"I wouldn't want to mess up the order!" Jenny exclaimed, trying will all her might to conceal the smile that tugged at the edges of her mouth. "You pick." She said back to Megan. There was a short pause.

"Fine." Katy said, jumping to her feet. She quickly cleaned up the game and ran to the closet to pick another one. A moment later she came back with a different box and sat down.

"Don't you have to go yet?" She asked her mom, squirming slightly as she removed the lid to the box.

"A little. Are you going to last?" Megan asked.

Katy looked nervously at the clock, then at Jenny. Jenny suddenly realized she had undermined Megan's punishment for Katy. She made a mental note to apologize to Megan later.

"I think we should check!" Katy said standing back up. "See, I'm still dry!" She added turning around and back again. "Your turn mom!"

"I'm good!" Megan said without moving.

"You mean you're still dry?" Katy asked kneeling down squeezing her legs together.

"Yep!" Megan chirped. Katy paused for a second.

"Jenny, check her!"

"What, you don't trust me!" Megan exclaimed with just a little too much enthusiasm.

"I just want to be sure!" Katy responded.

Jenny got up from her spot and crawled on all fours over to the dim corner where the lower half of Megan's body was. The carpet and her jeans were still damp from earlier, but there was no sign that Megan had peed again during the contest. Jenny admired Megan's cute butt for a moment while she debated ratting her out or not, then she crawled back to her spot.

"Satisfied?" Megan asked before Jenny could speak.

"Fine." Katy said as she finished setting up the game board, cards and pieces. Jenny, meanwhile, started to pee again and accomplished her goal of enlarging her wet spot on the carpet. Katy looked at her with envy for a moment.

30 minutes late, Katy was squirming bad while Megan still showed no signs. Finally Katy jumped and said "Oh my gosh! How are you not desperate right now!" After a moment of dancing in place holding herself, Katy trotted around the game board to check her mom. She gasped loudly.

"Mom!" Katy announced sternly "You peed! It's almost dry, it must have been a while ago! You cheated!"

Megan, now busted, could do nothing more to hide it. She rolled onto her side to reveal the damp patch of carpet underneath her, then she reached out and tickled her daughter until she peed herself (which was pretty quick). Jenny laughed heartily.

"You knew!" Katy exclaimed to Jenny as she stood there soaking her jeans. Jenny nodded as she calmed her laughter. "Does this mean my punishment is over?" Katy asked carefully.

"Yeah, you can wet yourself again." Megan conceded. "But what's the rule you broke?"

"Only at home unless you give me permission." Katy droned.

"Yep. Now let's play!" Megan said, rolling back onto her stomach. Katy returned to her spot and they started the game. Megan emptied her bladder into her jeans and the carpet during her first turn. It turned out to be a lot of urine and made her spot almost as large as Jenny's, until Jenny wet herself again later. They played and wet themselves the rest of the evening.

