Star Trek: Lower Decks - Mariner & Jennifer free day

Author: WeirdWritter

*000*2022-02-19 11:39

This story takes place after the second season, it is not yet known what will happen in the third so it will be a parallel universe where Mariner and Jennifer are starting to be friends.

The Cerritos had a long warp ahead of her to her next second contact, so the captain had given everyone a day off.

Brad was excited because Ramson had invited him to play cards with other crew members, Tendi and Sam decided to continue with their model of the Cerritos in the canteen.

Mariner and her new friend Jennifer were going to get to know each other better, so they met on the holodeck for an afternoon of board games.

The game in question was one that Mariner had smuggled in on her last mission, she had to convince Brad to hide it since he knew the captain wouldn't trust her.

The game looks like a large wooden box, it had some golden engravings in a language that none of the 4 friends recognized, it was surely a dead language.

Mariner was running late, having amused himself arguing with Brad about whether or not to wear a suit to Ransom's card game. When he reached the door of the holodeck he saw Jennifer waiting, and he waved his arms at her.

Mariner: “Hi Jennifer! Sorry I was arguing with Boimler!”

Even after several adventures together, Jennifer seemed shy, just waved at Mariner and smiled.

Once they entered the holodeck, Mariner took out the box and showed it to Jennifer as a surprise.

Mariner: “Isn't it mysterious? No one knows what is written.”

Jennifer: “How curious… It's not a bomb, is it?”

Mariner: “Nahh no way, someone I trust sold it to me. He told me it was guaranteed fun.”

Mariner put a tropical beach landscape, and while two tropical juices were served, both friends narrated adventures they had lived, they were relaxed and smiling.

After finishing her first juice, Jennifer felt the need to go to the bathroom, so she went to the one built into the holodeck, but not before Mariner teased her for having a small bladder.

While Jennifer was in the bathroom Mariner poured herself and drank another juice, she was beginning to feel the need to go but she could hold it without any problem, she always prided herself on having a strong bladder.

When Jennifer returned Mariner served her another juice, and challenged her to hold on a little longer, since they were going to start playing, this made Jennifer blush.

Opening the big box, to Jennifer and Mariner's surprise, there was only a seemingly common game board, with 10 numbered boxes in a row, and two Bajoran tokens.

Jennifer: “Looks like we already know where the game is coming from.”

The tenth box had a crown, obviously indicating victory. There were instructions but no one could understand them.

Mariner: "Okay, looks like we're going to have to make up the rules."

Jennifer laughed and proceeded to place her token on the number 1 slot.

After placing it he continued laughing for a few seconds, he had to control himself to stop laughing.

Mariner: "Wow, that was funny, huh?"

At this comment, Jennifer couldn't help but laugh again, it was a silly laugh that she seemed unable to control, as if a force were forcing her to laugh.

Mariner also started laughing as he placed his token on the first square, right after he felt a tingle that made him laugh even more, as if some mysterious force prevented him from stopping.

Mariner's laugh caused another laugh in Jennifer, and so they both were laughing for several seconds as if they were teenagers, it seemed that each gesture made by one caused laughter in the other.

When they managed to calm down they looked at the board, as they did not know what to do next they agreed to move the two pieces to the second square at the same time.

Both felt the tingling again, although now with more intensity. Right after that they looked into each other's eyes and began to laugh harder.

Mariner: “It's the game! The game is cursed!" He shouted jokingly and between laughs.

Jennifer was having trouble breathing and was starting to make funny noises when she took a deep breath. This only made the situation worse.

At one point Mariner noticed that her need to urinate grew, although it was still nothing alarming, however she began to make gestures as if she was going to urinate to make her friend laugh.

Jennifer had already finished her juice, and she did feel an increasingly urgent need to urinate. He lifted his butt off the ground every time he felt a pang in his bladder to hold on.

Mariner noticed this behavior and couldn't help but laugh harder.

Mariner: “Damn Jennifer! You're going to need diapers."

Annoyed by Mariner's comment, Jennifer tried to get up clumsily to run to the bathroom, but because of her laughter it was impossible for her and she fell, she was dangerously reaching her limit.

Mariner could barely move from the fit of laughter she was having at seeing her friend trying to get up.

On her last try, Jennifer suffered a small leak, she immediately brought both hands to her crotch and crouched down, muttering something in the Andorian language.

He finally controlled himself and was able to stop laughing.

Mariner also stopped laughing.

Jennifer slowly removed her hands from her lap to check the damage, while Mariner stared unabashedly.

A tiny wet stain could be seen on the front of his pants.

Immediately, Jennifer's token returned to the starting square, and Mariner's went to number 10, indicating that he had won.

Mariner: "Why would that have happened?"

Jennifer got up and went to the bathroom again.

Mariner: "It won't be..."

When Jennifer returned, Mariner had poured two juices...

I would love to hear your thoughts on the story, I have the next part ready and will upload it today!

*001*2022-02-19 11:45

$$

*Mariner with Boimler*

$$

*Jennifer*

*003*2022-02-19 18:40

{{41 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

I quite like it can't wait for part 2!

What other TV shows are you familiar with?

}}

Thanks!

I'm familiar with Star Trek : lower decks, Inazuma Eleven, Ben 10...

Right now I have 4 stories for Start Treck: Lower Decks, I'm planning on writing all of them depending on how much interest this one generates.

*004*2022-02-19 18:44

Part 2!

When Jennifer returned, Mariner had poured two juices.

Jennifer: "I don't know Becket, maybe we should do something else, we don't even know how to play."

Mariner: “Oh come on Jennifer! Where is your sports spirit? Also, I think I'm beginning to understand the game…”

Mariner shot a mischievous glance at the small stain on Jennifer's pants, then met her eyes.

Mariner: "But hey, if you don't want to play we'll do something else..." He said with a voice of false concern.

This triggered the competitiveness of Jennifer, who drank the juice in one gulp and put her chip on the first square. Mariner smiled and did the exact same thing.

A silence invaded the room, both stared at each other, without laughing. Now they were focused.

Mariner decided to provoke Jennifer again by pouring two more juices, and sipping her own slowly. But Jennifer decided not to touch hers.

Jennifer: "Yourself."

After a few more seconds of silence, both moved their chips to the second square, and clearly noticed a greater tingle.

By now Mariner was starting to feel like peeing more, but that only made it more fun.

Mariner: "Looks like we're dominating the game huh?"

After finishing the sentence, she couldn't help but let out a small giggle.

However, Jennifer did not move a single gesture, her willpower was incredible.

Mariner noticed and decided to take the game seriously.

Both moved the chips to the third box, and to the fourth, and to the fifth.

When moving them to the sixth something happened that caught Mariner by surprise, Jennifer made a face with a really strange and funny face. This prompted an immediate laugh from Mariner, which was intensified by the board's effects.

Mariner: "You're playing dirty!!!"

Barely able to sit still, she fell backwards onto the simulated sand of the holodeck and continued to laugh nonstop.

She really wanted to pee, and he was certain that if he kept laughing he would end up getting wet.

To avoid this he sat resting his butt on his hands nervously, she kept changing her posture but she couldn't stop laughing.

Jennifer was trying to hold back her laughter by looking away, though she almost laughed several times, too.

Mariner's bladder had already made a couple of attempts to open, but Mariner was able to control them, he had never wet himself and he wasn't going to let it happen now.

Mariner (muttering): "No, no no no no nooo."

Mariner could barely speak as she gasped for air from her fit of laughter, she was trying with all her might not to lose control.

She had both hands buried in his crotch and he was pressing his butt hard on the ground. Although she was forced to change her posture by laughter.

She positioned herself with her legs spread wide, one hand placed on her crotch and the other under her butt.

Suddenly, Mariner's face changed, Jennifer could see her friend's surprised expression and imagine what was happening.

Mariner had had a small leak, he managed to stop it but inevitably another one came that lasted several seconds, Mariner felt the heat spread through his butt and reach his hand.

She was finally able to stop the leak in time, not losing control.

This created in her a sense of fear and excitement, as well as a bit of excitement.

A blushing Mariner glanced at Jennifer, who was watching her with a fascinated expression.

At the same time, Mariner's token moved back 3 spaces, and Jennifer's token moved up to number 10.

Mariner: "Wow, you played dirty." He said in a defiant and slightly shy voice.

Mariner then got up slowly to observe the damage on his pants, he could feel the moisture on his butt and crotch.

She turned around slowly and looked at his butt, he had a stain the size of a tennis ball, when he saw it he blushed instantly.

Jennifer: "Boy, the formidable Mariner doesn't seem to have that much self-control."

Mariner turned around with a big smile on his face.

*005*2022-02-19 18:49

And Finally the part 3!

Mariner turned around with a big smile on his face.

Mariner: "Things are not going to stay like this, now we know how the game works, let's have one last game."

Jennifer showed an expression of seriousness mixed with fear, for a while she felt the need to urinate because of the last juice she drank.

Mariner: "And we can't go to the bathroom before we start."

Mariner's escape had made his crotch wet and this increased his desperation, without realizing it he was moving his legs a little while he looked defiantly at Jennifer.

Jennifer accepted the challenge, and they both proceeded to move their checkers to the first box.

In the first square Mariner tried to make Jennifer laugh by making a face at her, this caused a confident smile in Jennifer, it seems that she had everything under control, except for her bladder unfortunately.

As the squares progressed Mariner made more faces and jokes, all useless, however Jennifer kept changing her position and moving her legs in her desperation, ignoring Mariner.

Mariner was also getting desperate, feeling the fabric of her wet panties against her private parts didn't help her control herself, and she was also changing her position over time, although in a sneaky way.

They reached square 8 and felt an immense force being exerted on them, it was crazy, it was extremely more powerful than that of square 7.

They both knew that just by looking at each other they would start laughing. So, with a trembling hand, Jennifer moved her chip to square 9, intending to get to square 10 before Mariner.

Placing the token on box 9, Jennifer noticed that the tingle was much stronger, at least three times as powerful as the one in box 8.

Mariner, not wanting to be left behind, steeled herself and looked at Jennifer.

Mariner: “U-uh Jennifer, I-I see you worried-”.

She couldn't finish the sentence and burst out laughing, which provoked another laugh from Jennifer who was under the effects of a superior box.

They both threw their heads back and began to laugh uncontrollably, cursing the moment they decided to play that game. Now, both of them had their hands buried in their crotches and they knew that it was only a matter of waiting for one to get wet before the other.

Jennifer's bladder throbbed painfully, she moved her legs nervously as she laughed, thinking to hold on as long as she could.

On the other hand, Mariner was in an equally delicate situation, it had been a mistake to drink another juice to provoke Jennifer. He felt as if he was going to lose control again at any moment. And she couldn't stop clutching her crotch like a little girl.

Jennifer looked at the board, and saw how the Mariner piece began to move slowly backwards, was she having a leak?

Mariner, on the verge of tears, laughed nonstop, at the same time violently leaking urine into her pants.

Mariner tried to control herself by grabbing his soaked crotch and looking up, bouncing on his butt which was beginning to form a small puddle in the floor.

Jennifer watched as Mariner slowly got wet, surprised by his stamina but at the same time wishing she would lose control once and for all so she could stop laughing.

As she thought about that she froze as she felt a heat spreading from her butt, she was losing control without realizing it! Jennifer blushed instantly, nothing so embarrassing had ever happened to her.

Her first reaction was to stand up to try to stop the leak, but it was inevitable now, the leak had become a current running down Jennifer's legs.

Seeing that she couldn't do anything, she ran to the holodeck bathroom.

Mariner could see with laughter the huge stain Jennifer had on the back of her pants and how urine kept falling between her legs.

When Jennifer entered the bathroom, the figure of Mariner advanced to square 10.

Little by little Mariner was controlling his laughter and his leaks. Until it stopped completely.

Embarrassed, she looked down to see her pants practically soaked, she felt strangely excited by everything that had happened.

When Jennifer came out of the bathroom she saw a desperate Mariner waiting to get in. She was surprised that even with her pants so soaked she made an effort not to wet herself.

Jennifer: "Well played."

She then slapped Mariner on the butt before she ran into the bathroom.

Once Mariner finished, they picked up the board game, they didn't talk about it. Now they just had to get back to the lower decks without anyone seeing them.

