Jenny is moving out

Author: Wet19

*000*2017-08-22 00:50

It had been a fairly uneventful Saturday. Jenny and Annie spent most of the day doing homework. Now, Annie was out to dinner with her boyfriend and Jenny was laying on the couch watching Netflix. About an hour and a half after Annie had left, Jenny's phone vibrated. It was a text from Annie: "Hey, are you dry???" Jenny paused for a second a queried her bladder.

"No. Why?" She replied as she started peeing her pants. Pee was still splattering on the floor as her phone vibrated again: "Can you clean up please? Matt is coming over and I have to show you something!!!" Jenny smiled and replied "Sure thing sis, give me 15." Jenny really liked Matt. He treated Annie like a princess and made her very happy. They were a very cute couple. They had been dating for almost a year and a half and Jenny could guess what had happened. "Finally!" she thought to herself as her stream of pee died out. The backside of her jeans were soaked from the waistband down to her knees. The back of her shirt was wet too and she had made a huge mess on the couch and floor. Luckily, the couch was fake leather, so it was easy to clean and dry.

Jenny sat up and admired her mess. Then she took off her shirt and pants and used them to mop up most of the pee on the couch and floor. She walked to her bedroom and threw the clothing in her hamper. Still wearing nothing but her matching black, lace lined, satin panties and bra, she went to the kitchen and grabbed some paper towels to wipe up the pee residue. Back in her room, she put on black yoga pants over her still wet panties and a navy blue t-shirt. She inspected the couch and floor once more to make sure she didn't miss anything and then returned to watching Netflix.

10 minutes later the apartment door opened and Annie walked in with Matt. "Hey sis!" Annie greeted Jenny as she swooped in for a hug. Jenny stood up and returned the embrace. As they parted Jenny greeted Matt "Hey Matt, how's it going?" Matt smiled through his trimmed and well groomed beard and responded "Great Jenny, how are you?" Jenny was interrupted by Annie jumping up and down holding out her hand spouting "Look! Look! Look!" Jenny clasped her hands to her face and shouted "Oh my gosh!" as she admired the beautiful white gold ring with a full carat diamond planted on it. Annie and Jenny joined hands and jumped around in circles screaming incoherently like school girls. Matt inserted himself into the circle and jumped around screaming with them. He was always enthusiastic and slightly goofy like that.

It was part of why Jenny liked him for Annie, he made them both laugh. They stopped jumping and Jenny gave her sister another hug saying "I'm so happy for you! Congratulations!" Annie replied "Thank you! I'm so excited!" Jenny threw out an ironic sarcasm: "I'm so excited I could pee my pants!" Annie's eyes widened and a slight momentary fear crossed her face as she half expected Jenny to do it, but it was instantly laid to rest once Jenny laughed at her own sarcasm. Matt had brought home a bottle of champagne for celebrating. Jenny retrieved three glasses from the kitchen and they all sat on the couch brainstorming wedding plans.

The next morning Jenny and Annie talked about living arrangements. Inevitably, Annie and Matt would be wanting to live together once they were married. Matt had the fortunate luck of his parents living within bike riding distance of the university, so he lived in their basement. They came to the decision that Jenny would move out. The apartment they lived in was just a little too much for Jenny to afford on her own in conjunction with other bills, so they felt it made more sense for Jenny to move into a smaller one with lower rent by herself. There was still 6 months until the wedding, so Jenny had plenty of time.

After their conversation, Jenny went to her room to look at apartments online. She sat in her computer chair and opened her laptop. She felt the cold dampness of the chair seep through her pants. Yesterday, she had sat here doing homework for a few hours and peed herself twice, then twice again later as she alternated between playing video games and watching porn. She had anticipated her time at the computer being very wet, so she had circled towels around the chair on the floor. She would have put them under her chair, but she loves hearing the splatter on the hard linoleum floor. She had gotten up only to refill her water bottle and for meals.

As she opened her web browser typed "apartments" into the search box, she again flooded her chair with pee. The cold damp seat quickly became warm and soaked. She closed her eyes and bit her lip as she listen to her urine stream to the floor. Even though she had been doing it since she was a teenager, peeing her pants still turned her on immensely. She put her left hand in her crotch and, through her pants, felt the warm stream lose pressure until it stopped. She gently rubbed herself as she listened to the splattering on the floor slow to silence. She opened her eyes and used her right hand to work the mouse and keyboard while her left still worked her soaked pants and clit. She opened and incognito tab and typed in one of her favorite search terms.

She heard footsteps in the hallway behind her. She had forgotten to close her door. It didn't stop her. She slipped her left hand into her wet panties as she clicked on a sexy looking video. The footsteps stopped in the doorway to her room just as the girl in the video started peeing her pants. Jenny rubbed herself with a smooth, pleasureful rhythm as she glanced over her shoulder. Annie stood in the doorway leaning against the frame. She had a small bowl of ice cream and was spooning it into her mouth. Jenny turned back to the computer and kept masturbating. Annie, amused, watched as Jenny masturbated through two more videos. Once her ice cream bowl was empty, she returned to the kitchen. Several minutes later, Jenny climaxed. She moaned loudly on purpose, a sort of taunt to Annie for watching her.

