Head Over Heels - A Snape Love Story - Page 2

Author: WolfieO

*000*2025-02-17 17:08

Chapter 49

The morning after the Great Hall incident, Severus Snape stormed into the staff dining area with an air of simmering menace. His black robes billowed behind him as he strode to his seat at the head table, his dark eyes scanning the room for any sign of trouble. Olivia had opted to remain in her quarters that day, still recovering from the emotional toll of that morning.

He wished she hadn’t seen the pitying looks or heard the hushed whispers. More than anything, he wished he could silence the wagging tongues of his colleagues. But he knew Hogwarts well enough to anticipate the relentless gossip, and his irritation boiled just beneath the surface.

As he sat down, Minerva McGonagall leaned over, her expression tinged with concern.

“Severus,” she began in a hushed tone, “might I have a word?”

He gave her a pointed look, one eyebrow arching. “Minerva, your words are rarely confined to just one. But do proceed.”

McGonagall pressed her lips into a thin line, clearly displeased with his sarcasm. “I wanted to ask about this morning.”

“And what, pray tell, about this morning has piqued your curiosity?” His voice was cold, his tone sharp enough to cut.

“Well…” She hesitated, clearly trying to phrase her thoughts delicately. “Some of the staff noticed what happened with Miss Black. There’s been… concern.”

“Concern,” he repeated, his voice dripping with disdain. “How touching. Shall I pass around a hat for donations to fund their collective concern?”

“Severus,” she said sharply, her patience thinning. “You know what I mean. People are asking questions—”

“People,” he interrupted, his eyes narrowing. “Let me guess: the usual gaggle of meddling hens who can’t resist poking their noses into matters that don’t concern them?”

“Severus!” McGonagall snapped, her tone firm.

He leaned back in his chair, his arms crossing over his chest as he fixed her with a withering glare. “What exactly do you want from me, Minerva? A detailed explanation of my girlfriend’s personal medical condition? Shall I provide diagrams, perhaps? Or would you prefer a full seminar in the staff lounge?”

“That’s not what I’m saying,” she replied, her voice softer now. “I just think it might help if people understood—”

“Understood what?” he cut in, his voice rising slightly. Heads turned at the head table, but he didn’t care. “That Olivia Black is a human being? That she has the same right to dignity and privacy as anyone else in this castle? Forgive me if I fail to see how satisfying the staff’s morbid curiosity would benefit her in any way.”

McGonagall sighed, clearly torn. “Severus, I’m only trying to help.”

“Help,” he repeated, his voice icy. “If you truly wish to help, then kindly inform your colleagues that Olivia’s life is none of their business. And if anyone dares to make her feel uncomfortable or ashamed, they’ll find themselves at the receiving end of my wand.”

“Severus—”

“I’m not finished,” he said sharply, his voice low and dangerous. “Olivia is my partner. I love her. And I will not stand idly by while the vultures circle, picking at her vulnerabilities for sport. If anyone has an issue with her, they’ll deal with me. And I assure you, Minerva, that is not a position they want to find themselves in.”

McGonagall blinked, clearly taken aback by the venom in his words. For a moment, she seemed at a loss for how to respond. Then she gave a small nod.

“Very well,” she said quietly. “I’ll ensure the staff understands.”

“See that you do,” he said curtly, standing abruptly. His chair scraped loudly against the floor, drawing more attention than he intended, but he didn’t care. Without another word, he swept out of the Great Hall, his black robes trailing behind him like a thundercloud.

###

Severus made his way to Olivia’s quarters, his mood dark and volatile. He knocked softly on her door, and when she opened it, the sight of her face softened him instantly. She looked better than this morning, though her eyes still carried traces of vulnerability.

“Severus,” she said, surprised but pleased to see him. “I wasn’t expecting you.”

“I couldn’t stay away,” he admitted, stepping inside and closing the door behind him. “How are you feeling?”

She shrugged, brushing a strand of hair behind her ear. “Better. Still a little… embarrassed.”

“There’s no reason to be,” he said firmly, taking her hands in his. “What happened wasn’t your fault. And if anyone has made you feel otherwise, rest assured, they’ll answer to me.”

Her eyes widened slightly. “Severus, you didn’t—”

“Oh, I did,” he interrupted, a glint of satisfaction in his eyes. “Minerva tried to have a little chat about it. I made it abundantly clear that your personal matters are off-limits. And I may have threatened bodily harm to anyone who so much as looks at you the wrong way.”

“Severus!” she gasped, though her tone was more touched than scolding.

“I meant every word,” he said, his expression softening as he brushed his thumb over her cheek. “Olivia, you are mine. I will protect you from anyone and anything that dares to hurt you.”

Her eyes filled with emotion as she leaned into his touch. “I don’t know what I did to deserve you,” she whispered.

He smirked, his dark eyes glinting with a rare hint of humor. “Clearly, you were a saint in a past life.”

She laughed, a genuine, joyful sound that warmed his heart. “Thank you, Severus. For everything.”

“Always,” he murmured, pulling her into his arms. “You’re mine, Olivia. And I’ll always protect what’s mine.”

Chapter 50

The staff lounge buzzed with quiet conversation as Olivia Black entered, hoping for a moment of peace before her next class. She had barely slept the night before, the humiliation of her accident in the Great Hall haunting her thoughts. Despite Severus’ comforting words and actions, the weight of the event lingered like a storm cloud.

She poured herself a cup of tea, her hands shaking slightly as she tried to focus on anything other than the whispers she was sure she’d heard in the corridors that morning. Taking a seat by the window, she let out a small sigh, willing the knot in her stomach to unwind.

Her reprieve didn’t last long.

“Olivia!” Gilderoy Lockhart’s voice rang out as he strode into the lounge, his signature grin plastered across his face.

She stiffened instantly, her teacup clinking against its saucer as she set it down. “Good morning, Gilderoy,” she said cautiously, her voice quieter than usual.

“Good morning to you, too,” he said, pulling out the chair beside her and sitting down without invitation. His cologne was overpowering, and his presence filled the space in a way that made her feel trapped.

“I must say,” he began, his tone almost conspiratorial, “you’ve been quite the topic of discussion these past few days.”

Olivia’s heart sank, and she stared at her tea, wishing she could disappear. “I wouldn’t know,” she murmured.

“Oh, come now,” he said, waving a hand dismissively. “You can’t expect something like *that* to happen without a bit of chatter. It’s only natural.”

Her throat tightened, and she clenched her hands in her lap. “I’d rather not talk about it.”

“But why not?” he pressed, leaning closer. “We’re all friends here, aren’t we? I mean, accidents happen, don’t they?” He chuckled lightly, as if he’d made a clever joke. “Though, in front of the entire school? That’s… unfortunate, to say the least.”

“Please stop,” she said quietly, her voice trembling as she tried to keep her composure.

“Don’t be so sensitive,” he replied, brushing off her discomfort. “Honestly, Olivia, I had no idea you had such… special needs. Makes one wonder how you manage day-to-day. Does Snape help you with that, too?”

Her face burned, and she bit her lip to keep the tears at bay. “That’s enough, Gilderoy.”

But he didn’t stop. He leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms with an infuriating smirk. “You know, I’m surprised he puts up with it. Severus Snape, the feared Potions Master, tending to a colleague like a nursemaid? It’s almost laughable, really.”

Olivia’s vision blurred with tears, and she stood abruptly, her chair scraping against the floor. “I don’t have to listen to this,” she said, her voice breaking as she turned to leave.

Before she could take a step, Lockhart grabbed her wrist, halting her in her tracks. “Now, now, don’t be like that,” he said, his tone still sickeningly sweet. “We’re just having a bit of fun, aren’t we?”

“I said stop!” she cried, pulling her arm free.

“What is going on here?”

The room fell silent as Severus Snape’s voice sliced through the tension like a blade. He stood in the doorway, his black robes billowing slightly as he crossed the threshold, his dark eyes locking onto Lockhart with a fury that made the air feel heavier.

“Severus,” Lockhart said, his grin faltering. “We were just—”

“Tormenting my girlfriend?” Severus interrupted, his voice dangerously low. “That’s what you were doing, wasn’t it?”

“I—I didn’t mean any harm,” Lockhart stammered, his usual bravado evaporating under Severus’ withering glare.

“No harm?” Severus repeated, his tone dripping with sarcasm. He strode forward, his presence menacing. “You’ve reduced her to tears, you insipid fool. And you dare to claim you meant no harm?”

Olivia wiped at her eyes, trying to hold herself together as Severus placed a protective hand on her shoulder.

“Severus, it’s fine,” she whispered. “Let’s just go—”

“It is not fine,” he snapped, his eyes never leaving Lockhart. “This pathetic excuse for a wizard thinks he can humiliate you without consequence. That will not stand.”

“Now, look here—” Lockhart began, but Severus cut him off.

“No, you look here,” Severus hissed, stepping so close to Lockhart that their noses were nearly touching. “If you *ever* so much as look at Olivia the wrong way again, I will personally ensure that you regret it for the rest of your miserable life. Do you understand me?”

Lockhart’s mouth opened and closed like a fish, but no sound came out.

“Answer me!” Severus barked, his voice echoing through the room.

“Yes!” Lockhart squeaked, his face pale.

Severus leaned back slightly, his expression cold and calculating. “Good. Now, get out of my sight before I lose what little restraint I have left.”

Lockhart didn’t need to be told twice. He stumbled out of the lounge, his usual smugness utterly shattered.

Severus turned to Olivia, his expression softening as he gently cupped her face. “Are you all right?”

She nodded, though fresh tears slipped down her cheeks. “I… I didn’t know what to do. He just kept—”

“You don’t have to explain,” he said, his voice steady and reassuring. “He’s a coward and a fool, and he won’t bother you again. I promise.”

“Thank you,” she whispered, her voice trembling.

He brushed a tear from her cheek with his thumb, his touch impossibly gentle. “You don’t ever have to thank me for protecting you, Olivia. You’re mine to protect, and I take that responsibility very seriously.”

Her heart swelled at his words, and for the first time that day, she felt truly safe. Severus Snape wasn’t just her protector—he was her everything.

*001*2025-02-18 00:08

Chapter 51

The icy chill of winter seeped through the stone walls of the castle as Olivia curled up in her quarters, the warmth of a blanket doing little to chase away the lingering unease. She hadn’t been able to stop replaying the events of the past few days in her mind. Lockhart’s cruel mocking, the humiliation of her accident in the Great Hall, and then Severus, her Severus, standing tall, shielding her with a ferocity she never imagined anyone would show for her.

A soft knock interrupted her thoughts. She froze for a moment, then stood, brushing the wrinkles from her sweater. She already knew who it was.

When she opened the door, there he stood: Severus Snape, his dark robes sweeping the floor, his obsidian eyes glinting with something only she could decipher. His presence was always commanding, but here, in this moment, he looked softer—almost vulnerable. In his hand was a small box wrapped in emerald green ribbon.

“I thought you might need some company,” he said in a low, velvety tone.

Olivia smiled, her heart skipping. “What’s this?”

“Open it,” he urged, stepping inside and closing the door behind him.

Her hands trembled slightly as she untied the ribbon and lifted the lid. Inside was a delicate silver bracelet with a single charm—a tiny cauldron, exquisitely detailed, with a glimmering black stone set into its side.

Her breath hitched. “Severus… It’s beautiful.”

“I thought it suited you,” he said, his voice unusually gentle. “A reminder of how extraordinary you are, even when you doubt yourself.”

She looked up at him, her eyes already misting. “You didn’t have to—”

“I wanted to,” he interrupted, his voice firm but tender. “You deserve to feel cherished, Olivia. Every single day.”

Before she could stop herself, she threw her arms around him, burying her face in his chest. His scent—a mix of fresh parchment, spices, and something uniquely him—wrapped around her like a comforting embrace.

“You make me feel so loved,” she murmured.

“That’s because you are, baby,” he whispered, pressing a kiss to the top of her head.

Her breath caught at the term of endearment, her chest tightening with emotion. He rarely used it, but when he did, it made her feel like she was the center of his universe.

She pulled back slightly, looking up at him with a watery smile. “Thank you. For the bracelet, for always being there for me… for everything.”

His fingers gently tilted her chin upward. “You don’t need to thank me, Olivia. Loving you is the easiest thing I’ve ever done.”

Her cheeks flushed, and she let herself lean into him again as they sat down together on the couch. The fire crackled in the hearth, casting a warm glow over the room. Olivia twisted the bracelet around her wrist, admiring the way it caught the light.

“I’ve been thinking,” she began hesitantly, her fingers fidgeting with the charm.

He raised an eyebrow, his gaze never leaving her face. “About?”

“Us,” she admitted, her voice barely above a whisper. “About how much you’ve done for me. How safe you make me feel. And how much I want to give back.”

His brow furrowed slightly as he tilted his head. “Olivia, you don’t owe me anything.”

“I know,” she said quickly, meeting his gaze. “But I want to. I want to make you as happy as you make me. You’ve shown me what it’s like to be loved, truly loved, and I…” Her voice faltered, and she looked away, her cheeks turning pink.

“Olivia,” he said softly, drawing her gaze back to him. “You’ve already given me more than I deserve. Your love, your trust—they mean everything to me.”

Tears pricked her eyes again, but she smiled. “You’re incredible, Severus.”

He smirked faintly, the expression sending a thrill through her. “So I’ve been told.”

She laughed, the sound light and genuine, and he couldn’t help the warmth that spread through his chest.

“You make me feel whole,” she said after a moment, her fingers tracing small patterns on his sleeve. “Like I’m not broken.”

“You’re not broken,” he said firmly, his voice filled with conviction. “You’re perfect. To me, you’re everything.”

Her heart swelled, and she leaned up to press a kiss to his cheek. “I love you, Severus.”

“I love you too,” he murmured, pulling her close and resting his chin atop her head. “More than you’ll ever know.”

They stayed like that, wrapped in each other’s arms, their love a quiet but powerful force. As the fire burned low and the storm raged outside, Olivia couldn’t help but think that, no matter what challenges lay ahead, she would face them all with him by her side. Together, they were unstoppable. Together, they were whole.

The evening went on, as they enjoyed each other's company. The fire cast flickering shadows across the room, its warm glow pooling on the floor and climbing the stone walls of Snape’s quarters. Olivia stood in front of him, nervously shifting her weight from one foot to the other. Her fingers fidgeted with the hem of her blouse, and she bit her lower lip as her thoughts churned. Severus sat in his high-backed chair, his dark eyes never leaving her, their intensity making her shudder.

“I want to make you feel good tonight,” she finally said, her voice barely above a whisper.

One of his brows arched slightly, and his lips curled into a faint smirk. “Oh?” he murmured, leaning back with deliberate ease, though the tension in his body betrayed his curiosity. His hands rested on the arms of the chair, fingers tapping rhythmically as he watched her intently.

She nodded, her cheeks flushing. “I… I want to be in control this time,” she admitted, her voice shaky but determined.

The smirk faltered, replaced by something softer—a look of curiosity mingled with tenderness. He tilted his head slightly, his dark hair falling across his face. “Are you sure?” he asked, his voice low and smooth, as if coaxing her out of her shell. “You don’t need to do anything you’re not ready for.”

“I’m sure,” she replied quickly, though her voice wavered slightly.

For a moment, he regarded her with an unreadable expression. Then, a rare smile softened his sharp features, and he gestured for her to come closer. “Very well, my love,” he said, his tone filled with warmth.

She stepped forward, her heart pounding as she knelt before him. She couldn’t help noticing how his breathing changed, becoming slightly uneven. The rise and fall of his chest quickened, and his dark eyes seemed to burn brighter as they followed her every movement.

“You’re nervous,” she said, a small, nervous laugh escaping her.

A deep chuckle rumbled in his chest. “Nervous?” he echoed, his voice tinged with amusement and desire. “Hardly. Anticipatory, perhaps.”

Her hands moved to the fastenings of his robes, and she felt the slightest tremor run through him as she began to undo them. She glanced up, meeting his gaze, and her breath caught. His eyes were dark pools of longing, his jaw tight as though he were holding himself in check.

“Relax,” she whispered, trying to calm her own nerves.

His lips twitched into a small smile. “Easier said than done when you’re…” He trailed off, a faint flush coloring his normally pale cheeks.

She let her hand wander over his bare skin, mapping every contour as if to commit it to memory. Her gaze dropped, lingering on the evidence of his arousal. Lowering herself further, she met his eyes for a moment—a silent question, an unspoken permission—and then leaned forward, determined to please him.

She couldn’t ignore her own nervousness. She had never done this before and was terrified of doing something wrong. Her hands shook slightly, but she pushed through, reminding herself of how much she loved him. The moment her lips touched him, his body tensed, and a low, guttural sound escaped him—a mix of a groan and a sigh. His head fell back against the chair, and she could see the strain in his neck as he struggled to maintain composure.

“Merlin,” he breathed, his voice raw and strained. One of his hands moved to her hair, his long fingers threading through the strands. His grip was firm but not forceful, as though he were grounding himself in the moment.

She glanced up at him, searching for reassurance. His brows were furrowed, his eyes half-lidded, and his lips parted as he let out a shuddering breath. The sight of him like this—so vulnerable, so affected—filled her with a strange mix of pride and affection.

“You’re… incredible,” he rasped, his voice thick with emotion.

Her confidence grew with his words, and she became more deliberate in her actions. Every sound he made—a sharp inhale, a deep groan, a whispered curse—spurred her on. His reactions were intoxicating, and she found herself wanting to see just how far she could push him.

Severus’s breath hitched; his normally controlled composure was melting away under her ministrations. His hands, almost involuntarily, gripped the edge of the chair as each measured flick of her tongue sent ripples of pleasure through him. The sounds in the quiet room—a soft moan, the subtle hum of her focused efforts—spoke volumes of their shared need.

“Olivia,” he murmured, his voice trembling. “You have no idea… what you’re doing to me.”

His body began to shudder, his breathing ragged as he neared his release. His head tilted back, and his lips parted in a silent moan, his hands clutching the armrests of the chair as though anchoring himself. When he finally let go, his entire body tensed, and a deep, guttural groan tore from his throat.

She gasped softly as she felt his release spill into her mouth—a taste unlike anything she had known. Confusion flashed across her features; she had never seen or felt this before. When the warm liquid dribbled along her chin and mingled with the soft strands of her hair, she blinked in surprise. Unsure, she paused, her eyes darting upward for reassurance.

His face was a study in raw emotion—his brows knit together, his eyes squeezed shut, his mouth slack as he gasped for air. For a moment, he looked utterly undone, his normally composed demeanor shattered.

When he finally opened his eyes, they were softer than she had ever seen them, filled with an almost overwhelming tenderness. He studied her face for a moment before opening his mouth.

"That," he started, "is the most *exquisite* site I've ever seen."

Olivia blushed deeply, feeling more vulnerable than ever.

“Come here,” he said, his voice hoarse but gentle.

She climbed into his lap, curling up against his chest. His arms wrapped around her tightly, his fingers stroking her hair as they sat in comfortable silence.

“How did I do?” she asked softly, her voice tinged with both curiosity and vulnerability.

He chuckled, pressing a kiss to her temple. “You, my dear, are perfect,” he said, his voice still thick with emotion. “Far better than I deserve.”

She smiled, her heart swelling with love for the man who had allowed himself to be vulnerable with her. In that quiet moment, wrapped in his arms, she felt an unshakable bond between them—a connection that was as unyielding as it was tender.

Chapter 52

The Great Hall buzzed with its usual morning activity. Plates of toast, eggs, and sausages clinked as they were passed along the tables. Teachers exchanged pleasantries and students mumbled groggy greetings between bites of breakfast. It was another day at Hogwarts, yet to Severus Snape, everything seemed brighter, sharper, more vivid.

He sat at the head table, his black robes flowing neatly around him as he sipped his tea. A smirk played at the corners of his thin lips—a rare and uncharacteristic expression for the Potions Master. The usual scowl that adorned his face was nowhere to be seen. Instead, his dark eyes glimmered with a smugness that, for anyone who cared to look, was practically palpable.

The reason for his good mood? The woman seated a few chairs away from him, quietly buttering her toast.

Olivia Black was radiant this morning, her cheeks slightly flushed and her hair tucked neatly behind her ears. She looked calm, confident even, but Severus knew the truth. He could see the slight twitch of her lips as she fought to suppress a proud smile. She wasn’t just glowing from the sunlight streaming in through the enchanted ceiling—she was glowing from the events of the previous night.

Severus cleared his throat, earning her attention. He leaned slightly in her direction, his voice low and teasing. “I must say, Olivia,” he drawled, his smirk widening, “if this is the reward I get for a simple gift, I might start showering you with presents more often.”

Olivia froze mid-bite, her fork halfway to her mouth. Her eyes widened as her cheeks turned an unmistakable shade of red. “Severus!” she hissed under her breath, glaring at him while sneaking a quick glance around to see if anyone had overheard.

“Don’t look so scandalized, darling,” he said smoothly, his smirk never faltering. He took a deliberate sip of his tea, his eyes glinting with mischief. “You should be proud. I certainly am.”

Her mouth opened and closed as she searched for a response, but no words came out. Instead, she resorted to swatting his arm, her face burning with embarrassment. “You’re impossible!” she whispered, though her lips twitched into a reluctant smile.

He chuckled, the sound low and rich. “I simply speak the truth,” he murmured, his voice dropping to a tone only she could hear. “And last night, my dear, was extraordinary.”

Olivia tried to focus on her breakfast, but the heat in her cheeks refused to fade. Despite her embarrassment, she couldn’t help but feel a swell of pride. She had wanted to make him happy, and judging by the smug expression on his face, she had succeeded.

As Severus continued to sip his tea, his gaze drifted across the hall, landing momentarily on various students and staff. His smirk grew wider every time his eyes flicked back to Olivia. The memory of her nervous determination, the way she had looked at him with a mixture of love and vulnerability, played on repeat in his mind.

“You’re insufferable,” Olivia muttered, cutting into her eggs with more force than necessary.

“And yet you adore me,” he replied smoothly, raising a brow.

She rolled her eyes but couldn’t suppress the small smile that tugged at her lips. “You’re lucky I do,” she said, her voice soft enough for only him to hear.

He leaned slightly closer, his dark eyes locking onto hers. “Luck has nothing to do with it,” he murmured, his voice dripping with confidence.

Before she could respond, a voice interrupted their quiet exchange. “What’s got you so cheerful this morning, Snape?” Minerva McGonagall asked, her sharp eyes narrowing suspiciously.

Snape’s smirk faltered for only a second before he replaced it with his usual impassive mask. “Cheerful? I assure you, Minerva, I am simply enjoying my tea,” he replied smoothly, his tone neutral.

“Hmm,” Minerva replied, her gaze flicking between him and Olivia. “If you say so.”

Olivia kept her head down, pretending to focus on her breakfast. She could feel Minerva’s eyes on her and prayed the conversation would shift elsewhere.

Thankfully, it did. The teachers began discussing the upcoming lessons, and Severus returned to his tea, though the smug glint in his eyes never left.

As breakfast continued, Olivia felt herself relax, the initial embarrassment giving way to a quiet sense of satisfaction. Severus might be impossible, but she loved him for it. And as much as she wanted to scold him for his teasing, a part of her couldn’t help but feel proud of the fact that she had managed to bring such joy to the stoic Potions Master.

By the time breakfast was over, she was smiling too.

After the teasing exchanges between her and Severus, she had settled into breakfast with a warmth in her chest. But all of that shifted the moment Gilderoy Lockhart’s boisterous voice broke through the air.

“Ah, Professor Black!” Lockhart called out as he approached, his golden locks gleaming unnaturally under the enchanted ceiling. “A word, if I may?”

Olivia stiffened instantly, her fork freezing midair. Severus, seated beside her, immediately noticed the tension in her posture and the way her eyes darted toward her plate, avoiding Lockhart’s gaze. His jaw tightened, and the faint smirk he had worn earlier was replaced by a scowl.

Lockhart didn’t wait for a response and instead planted himself directly in front of their seats. He leaned in far too close to Olivia, his saccharine smile firmly in place.

“I couldn’t help but notice you seemed a bit... unsettled earlier. Everything alright, my dear? I’d hate to think you were upset.” His voice dripped with faux concern, but the glint in his eyes betrayed his true intent: attention and control.

Olivia forced a small, strained smile. “I’m fine, thank you, Professor Lockhart.” She tried to keep her tone polite, but her discomfort was palpable.

Lockhart, undeterred, gave an exaggerated sigh of relief. “Oh, wonderful! Still, if there’s *anything* you need—anything at all—you must let me know. You don’t have to rely on, well...” His gaze flicked toward Severus, his smile growing smug. “...other options.”

Severus’s dark eyes narrowed dangerously. He set his utensils down with deliberate precision, the clink of silver on porcelain cutting through the murmurs in the hall.

“Professor Lockhart,” he began, his voice low and even, “you are interrupting our breakfast.”

Lockhart feigned innocence, placing a hand dramatically over his heart. “Oh, my apologies, Severus! I didn’t realize I was intruding on something so—what’s the word?—*intimate.*”

A few students nearby snickered, and Olivia’s face burned with humiliation. She gripped her napkin tightly in her lap, wishing she could disappear.

“That’s enough,” Severus said sharply, rising to his full height. His imposing presence made Lockhart falter for a moment, but he quickly recovered, straightening his bright robes.

“I’m merely being friendly,” Lockhart said with an air of faux humility. “It’s my nature, you see. Can’t help wanting to look after my colleagues, especially when they seem... vulnerable.” His eyes darted to Olivia as he said the last word, a smirk tugging at his lips.

That was the final straw.

In a blur of black robes, Severus’s fist collided with Lockhart’s jaw with a resounding crack. The force of the blow sent Lockhart sprawling backward onto the floor, his polished shoes skidding against the stone. Gasps and whispers erupted around the hall as every head turned to witness the commotion.

The Great Hall was a cacophony of whispers and murmurs after the confrontation. Severus’s knuckles ached slightly from the force of his punch, but he paid it no mind. He kept his focus on Olivia, who was still seated, her face pale and her hands trembling in her lap.

“Severus!” Dumbledore’s voice boomed from the head table, cutting through the noise.

Severus straightened, his dark eyes locking with the headmaster’s piercing blue gaze. Olivia flinched at the sharpness in Dumbledore’s tone, but Severus merely squared his shoulders.

“Come with me,” Dumbledore said curtly, gesturing toward the exit.

Severus turned to Olivia, his voice soft despite the storm brewing within him. “Go to your quarters. I’ll come to you when this is dealt with.”

She nodded wordlessly, her eyes wide with worry. He resisted the urge to comfort her further; he couldn’t afford to show too much softness now, not with everyone watching.

Severus followed Dumbledore to the headmaster’s office in silence, his mind churning. By the time they arrived, Dumbledore had already seated himself behind his grand oak desk, his expression stern and unreadable. Severus remained standing, his hands folded behind his back.

The silence hung heavy in the air before Dumbledore finally spoke. “What on earth were you thinking, Severus?”

“I was thinking,” Severus replied evenly, “that Gilderoy Lockhart has spent far too long making Olivia uncomfortable, and I won’t stand for it any longer.”

Dumbledore’s brow furrowed deeply. “You punched a fellow professor in front of the entire school. Whatever his behavior, your actions were completely out of line.”

“Out of line?” Severus’s voice rose slightly, his frustration bubbling to the surface. “Headmaster, Lockhart has been harassing Olivia for months. He has belittled her, cornered her, and humiliated her. He made her cry just weeks ago. And now, he mocks her in front of everyone—mocking a condition she cannot help! Someone needed to put him in his place.”

Dumbledore’s gaze softened slightly, but his tone remained firm. “If this is true, Severus, why was I not informed sooner? Olivia could have come to me.”

“She was afraid of causing trouble,” Severus snapped, his temper flaring. “Afraid of drawing more attention to herself. And frankly, Headmaster, your penchant for handling things with gentle words wouldn’t have stopped Lockhart from continuing his behavior.”

Dumbledore leaned back in his chair, his hands steepled in front of him. “Be that as it may, resorting to violence only complicates matters. You’ve drawn far more attention to Olivia and yourself than Lockhart’s words ever could have.”

Severus clenched his jaw. He hated to admit it, but Dumbledore wasn’t entirely wrong. Still, he refused to feel remorse for defending Olivia.

“What do you intend to do about Lockhart?” Severus demanded.

Dumbledore sighed, his expression thoughtful. “I will speak to him personally and ensure this behavior stops. If it does not, he will face severe consequences. But I must stress, Severus, that this situation could have been handled without a public display of violence.”

Severus’s lips curled into a sneer. “With all due respect, Headmaster, Lockhart doesn’t respond to civility. He needed a reminder that there are consequences for his actions.”

“And now there are consequences for yours,” Dumbledore replied sharply. He straightened in his chair, his tone resolute. “You are suspended with pay until further notice.”

Severus’s eyes flashed with anger. “Suspended?”

“You need time to cool your temper,” Dumbledore said firmly. “And frankly, the staff and students need time to recover from this spectacle. Your suspension is not punitive, Severus, but it is necessary.”

Severus’s jaw tightened, and he crossed his arms over his chest. “Very well. But know this: if Lockhart so much as looks at Olivia the wrong way again, I will not hesitate to protect her. Suspension or no suspension.”

Dumbledore held his gaze for a long moment before nodding. “I understand your loyalty to her, Severus. But I must ask that you trust me to handle this moving forward.”

Severus said nothing, his expression stony. He turned on his heel and swept out of the office, his robes billowing behind him.

When he returned to his quarters, Olivia was waiting for him, her face etched with worry.

“What happened?” she asked softly, rising from her seat.

Severus exhaled deeply, the tension in his shoulders easing slightly at the sight of her. “I’ve been suspended. Dumbledore wants to ‘cool my temper.’”

Olivia’s eyes widened. “Suspended? Severus, I’m so sorry—”

He cut her off with a wave of his hand, pulling her into his arms. “Do not apologize, Olivia. None of this is your fault. I would do it all again if it meant protecting you.”

She buried her face in his chest, her arms wrapping tightly around him. “I just don’t want you to get in more trouble because of me.”

“Let me worry about that,” he murmured, pressing a kiss to her hair. “You are worth every consequence, my love.”

They stood like that for a long moment, finding solace in each other’s presence. Severus’s mind, however, was already plotting his next steps. Lockhart might escape Dumbledore’s full wrath, but Severus would ensure the man never dared to cross Olivia again.

*002*2025-02-18 00:15

Edit: They're approving some of my posts & not others yet, & I don't want things out of order.

*003*2025-02-18 00:19

{{Don't read if 51 & 52 is not approved yet}}

Chapter 53

Olivia stood at the front of the classroom, her hands clasped tightly behind her back. She wore a soft, forced smile, determined to keep the lesson running smoothly despite the growing ache of loneliness she carried in Severus’s absence. The bubbling cauldrons before her provided a soothing hum of activity as her students followed her instructions.

“Excellent work, Miss Porter. Keep the flame steady,” Olivia encouraged, moving between the tables to observe her students' progress.

It was her second week teaching alone, and though she had managed to keep things orderly, the classroom felt incomplete without Severus’s commanding presence beside her. She missed the subtle glances they exchanged, the way he would silently assist struggling students with a flick of his wand, and the quiet but steady reassurance of knowing he was always nearby.

“Professor Black,” a voice piped up from the middle of the room, pulling her from her thoughts.

“Yes, Mr. Caldwell?” she replied, turning to face the student.

“When is Professor Snape coming back?” he asked, his tone curious but innocent.

Olivia’s heart skipped a beat, and she forced herself to maintain her composure. “He’ll be back soon,” she said simply, offering a tight smile.

“Why isn’t he here now?” another student chimed in.

The question hung in the air, and Olivia hesitated, unwilling to delve into the details. “Professor Snape is taking some time off,” she said carefully, hoping to leave it at that.

But a ripple of murmurs spread through the class, and one of the older students, a sharp-eyed boy named Whitaker, leaned forward in his seat. “Didn’t you see? He punched a teacher in the face,” he said, his voice brimming with gossip.

The room erupted in chatter, students exchanging theories and exaggerated versions of what they thought had happened.

“I heard it was Professor Lockhart,” another student said, wide-eyed.

“Yeah, my sister said he knocked him out cold,” someone added.

“I heard Dumbledore was furious!”

Olivia raised her hands, her voice firm. “That’s enough.” The room fell silent as all eyes turned back to her. “We are not going to discuss rumors or speculate about Professor Snape. Is that clear?”

The students nodded, though the air was still thick with curiosity. Olivia took a deep breath and returned to the lesson, hoping to steer their focus back to their work.

But before she could continue, a soft voice from the back of the room interrupted. “Professor Black?”

“Yes, Miss Hastings?”

The young girl hesitated before asking, “Is that why you haven’t been happy lately?”

The question caught Olivia off guard, and a wave of heat rushed to her cheeks. She blinked, trying to process the unexpected observation. “I don’t understand what you mean,” she said carefully.

“It’s just… you always seemed happier when Professor Snape was here,” Miss Hastings said, her tone gentle but sincere.

The class nodded in agreement, a few students murmuring their assent.

“Yeah, you smiled more,” one boy added.

“And you seemed......different,” another chimed in.

Olivia felt her chest tighten. She hadn’t realized her students had noticed the shift in her demeanor, nor had she expected them to voice it so openly. She swallowed hard, her smile wavering. “I appreciate your concern,” she said, her voice soft. “But my personal feelings are just that—personal. Let’s focus on the lesson, shall we?”

The students exchanged knowing glances, but they returned to their work without further protest.

As the class continued, Olivia couldn’t shake the warmth spreading through her chest. Despite the embarrassment of being called out so directly, there was a strange comfort in knowing her students cared about her well-being.

When the bell rang, signaling the end of the lesson, the students began packing up their belongings. One of them, a shy boy named Edgar, lingered near her desk.

“Miss Black?” he said quietly.

“Yes, Edgar?”

“I just wanted to say… I hope you’re happy again soon,” he said, his cheeks turning pink as he hurried out the door.

Olivia stood there for a moment, her heart swelling with a mixture of emotions. As much as she missed Severus, she realized she wasn’t as alone as she had feared.

Later that evening, as she returned to Severus’s quarters, she found him waiting for her in his usual chair by the fire. His dark eyes lit up when he saw her, and he immediately rose to greet her.

“How was your day?” he asked, his tone warm but laced with curiosity.

Olivia hesitated before smiling. “Interesting,” she admitted. “The students are quite perceptive.”

“Oh?” he asked, raising an eyebrow.

“They miss you,” she said softly, stepping closer to him. “And, apparently, they’ve noticed that I miss you too.”

Severus smirked, pulling her into his arms. “Smart children,” he murmured, pressing a kiss to her temple.

“They care about me,” Olivia said, her voice thick with emotion. “But not as much as you do.”

“Of course not,” he said, his tone teasing but sincere. “No one could.”

As he held her close, Olivia felt the weight of the day melt away. Despite the challenges she faced, she knew she could endure anything with Severus by her side.

Chapter 54

The Great Hall buzzed with its usual morning chatter, the aroma of fresh pastries and sizzling bacon wafting through the air. Olivia maneuvered between the tables, carefully balancing two trays stacked with food for herself and Severus. Though the task of fetching breakfast for both of them had become part of her routine, she didn’t mind. It gave her an excuse to mingle with the students and keep an eye on things while Severus served out his suspension.

She was halfway back to the exit when a commotion at the far end of the hall caught her attention. A small group of students had gathered in a tight circle, their hushed laughter and whispers drawing curious glances from nearby tables. Olivia’s stomach clenched as she recognized the figure at the center of the group—Edgar, the shy boy who had lingered after her lesson just days ago.

As she approached, the scene became clearer. Edgar was hunched over, his face bright red, tears brimming in his eyes. The unmistakable dampness on his robes told Olivia everything she needed to know.

Her heart sank.

“Isn’t he a little old for that?” one student sneered.

“Yeah, maybe he needs nappies like a baby,” another teased, eliciting more laughter.

“Enough!” Olivia’s voice cut through the noise like a whip, startling the group. The students froze, their expressions shifting from amusement to guilt as she stepped into their circle.

“Get out of here. Now,” she commanded, her tone leaving no room for argument.

One boy opened his mouth to protest, but Olivia raised an eyebrow, her stern gaze daring him to challenge her. “If I hear a single word about this incident, I will deduct 100 points from each of your houses. Do I make myself clear?”

The group scattered, their laughter silenced as they scurried back to their seats. Edgar remained rooted in place, his small frame trembling as he stared down at the floor.

Olivia crouched in front of him, her voice softening. “Edgar?” she said gently.

The boy sniffled, wiping at his eyes with his sleeve. “I—I didn’t mean to,” he stammered, his voice barely above a whisper.

“I know,” Olivia said, her tone soothing. “It’s okay. Accidents happen.”

He shook his head, tears spilling down his cheeks. “They’re going to tell everyone. I’ll never live this down.”

Olivia placed a comforting hand on his shoulder. “No, they won’t. And if they do, they’ll answer to me.”

Edgar glanced up at her, his expression filled with a mixture of fear and gratitude. “But what if they—”

“They won’t,” she interrupted firmly. “And even if they do, it doesn’t matter. You’re not the only one who deals with this. I promise.”

His eyes widened slightly, a flicker of hope breaking through his despair.

“I know how embarrassing it feels,” Olivia continued, her voice barely above a whisper. “But it doesn’t make us-...you any less important or any less capable. You’ll get through this, Edgar. I promise.”

The boy nodded, his breathing beginning to steady.

“Now, let’s get you to Madam Pomfrey,” Olivia said, standing and extending her hand. “She’ll help you clean up and feel better.”

Edgar hesitated before taking her hand, his grip tentative but grateful.

As they walked through the halls, Olivia kept her voice light, distracting him with questions about his favorite classes and hobbies. By the time they reached the hospital wing, some of the tension had eased from his shoulders.

Madam Pomfrey greeted them with her usual no-nonsense demeanor, her gaze softening when she noticed Edgar’s tear-streaked face. Olivia quietly explained the situation, ensuring the boy wouldn’t have to repeat it himself.

“Thank you, Professor Black,” Edgar said as Olivia turned to leave. His voice was still shaky, but there was a note of genuine gratitude in it.

Olivia smiled warmly. “You’re going to be just fine, Edgar. And if you ever need anything, you know where to find me.”

As she made her way back to Severus’s quarters, her heart felt heavy yet hopeful. The boy’s struggle had struck a chord deep within her, reminding her of her own vulnerabilities. But it also reaffirmed her purpose—not just as a teacher, but as someone who could make a difference in these children’s lives.

When she arrived, Severus was waiting by the fire, his dark eyes lighting up as she set the trays on the table.

“You’ve been gone longer than usual,” he remarked, his tone half-teasing.

Olivia sighed, sinking into the chair opposite him. “Something came up.”

Severus raised an eyebrow, silently prompting her to elaborate.

She recounted the events in the Great Hall, her voice tinged with both anger and sadness. When she finished, Severus’s expression darkened, his jaw tightening.

“Children can be cruel,” he muttered, his tone sharp.

“They can,” Olivia agreed. “But I think he’ll be okay. I just hope he knows he’s not alone.”

Severus reached across the table, his hand covering hers. “He’s fortunate to have you, Olivia. Not everyone would handle the situation with such care.”

She smiled softly, squeezing his hand. “I just hope I made a difference.”

“You always do,” Severus said, his voice low but sincere.

As they began eating, Olivia couldn’t help but feel a renewed sense of purpose. She wasn’t just surviving her role as a professor—she was thriving, making an impact in ways she hadn’t anticipated. And with Severus by her side, she knew she could face whatever challenges lay ahead.

*005*2025-03-08 18:33

Gosh, you guys are actually reading this ?? I'm so happy lol. Thank you so much if you've made it this far. It means a lot.

Chapter 55

The chill of winter had given way to the gentle warmth of spring, and the grounds of Hogwarts were bursting with life. Blossoms adorned the trees, and the soft hum of students enjoying the sunshine drifted through the open windows. Olivia Black sat at the small table in Severus Snape’s quarters, grading papers with her usual care, though her mind was only half on the task at hand.

Severus sat across from her, engrossed in one of his potions journals. His black robes were slightly unbuttoned at the collar, a rare sign of relaxation. The fire crackled softly in the hearth, and the air between them was warm and familiar.

“Summer’s not far off,” Severus said suddenly, breaking the silence. His tone was casual, but there was a gleam of expectation in his dark eyes.

Olivia looked up, twirling her quill absently. “No, it’s not,” she agreed, wondering where this was going.

He set his journal aside, leaning back in his chair. “I assume you’ll be staying with me.”

Her eyes widened slightly. “What?”

“You heard me,” he said, a faint smirk tugging at the corner of his lips. “You’ve been practically living here already. It’s only logical that you come to Spinner’s End for the summer.”

Olivia blinked, her thoughts spinning. It wasn’t that she hadn’t thought about the summer—she had—but she’d assumed they’d continue their routine of spending time together without making anything too official. Staying at his house all summer felt… significant.

“I—I don’t know,” she stammered, suddenly shy. “I mean, staying here in your quarters is one thing. But living with you in your house? That’s… different. I don't know."

"And what exactly do you mean by that?"

Olivia looked unsure of how to respond.

"I just...living together when...we're dating. I love being with you, Sev, I just ...living together when we're not even...married......or......it's just different...."

Severus scoffed, crossing his arms. “Different? We’ve been intimate in almost every conceivable way, Olivia. And you’re worried about not being married to stay at my house for a few months?”

Her cheeks flushed a deep crimson, and she looked down at the table. “It’s not that simple,” she murmured. “It just feels… bigger. Like it’s a step we’re not ready for yet.”

He raised an eyebrow, his tone laced with sarcasm. “Bigger than what we’ve already done? Pray, do enlighten me as to what could be more significant than what we’ve shared in this very room.”

She fidgeted with her quill, unable to meet his gaze. “It’s not about that, Severus. It’s about… what it means. Moving in together, even temporarily, feels more permanent. What if things get complicated?”

His expression softened slightly, and he leaned forward, resting his elbows on the table. “Olivia,” he said, his voice quieter but no less firm. “Things won’t get complicated. You know me better than that.”

She hesitated, her fingers brushing the edge of the parchment in front of her. “I do know you. And I want to stay with you, I really do. But what if—”

“What if nothing,” he interrupted, his tone brooking no argument. “If there’s an issue, we’ll handle it. Together.”

Her eyes finally met his, and she saw the sincerity in his gaze. There was no hesitation there, no doubt.

“But—” she started.

He cut her off again, his lips quirking into a rare smile. “I’m not asking you to marry me, Olivia. Not yet, anyway. I’m simply inviting you to spend the summer in my home, where we can have more time together without the constraints of castle walls.”

The word “yet” hung in the air between them, and Olivia’s heart fluttered despite herself. She bit her lip, considering his words.

“I suppose it does make sense,” she admitted finally.

“Of course it does,” he said with a hint of smugness. “You’re the one overcomplicating things.”

She rolled her eyes but couldn’t suppress a small smile. “You’re impossible.”

“And you’re endearing,” he retorted, his voice softer now.

They sat in silence for a moment, the weight of the conversation settling around them. Olivia’s mind raced with possibilities, fears, and hopes. Despite her reservations, the thought of spending an entire summer with Severus—away from the prying eyes of Hogwarts—was undeniably appealing.

“You’re sure this won’t change anything between us?” she asked quietly.

He reached across the table, taking her hand in his. “It will change one thing,” he said, his voice a low rumble. “I’ll get to see you every day without interruption. And that, Olivia, is something I look forward to.”

Her heart melted at his words, and she squeezed his hand. “Okay,” she whispered. “I’ll consider it."

“Good,” he said simply, though the satisfaction in his tone was unmistakable.

And as Severus smirked at her from across the table, she couldn’t help but feel that maybe this step was exactly what they needed.

Chapter 56

The peaceful evening had shattered with Minerva McGonagall’s sudden knock at Severus’s door. Olivia’s heart sank as she watched him open it, her pulse quickening when she caught sight of Minerva’s grave expression.

“Severus, Olivia,” Minerva began, her voice measured but concerned. “I need to speak with both of you. There’s been a situation in the Great Hall.”

“What kind of situation?” Severus asked sharply, stepping forward as Olivia moved closer behind him.

Minerva hesitated, glancing at Olivia. “Lockhart has been… speaking out of turn. Making unkind and inappropriate comments about the nature of your relationship.”

Olivia felt a wave of mortification wash over her. Heat crept up her neck and cheeks as her eyes widened. “What kind of comments?” she whispered, her voice shaking.

Minerva sighed. “He implied that your relationship is unprofessional and… improper. He’s been fueling rumors among the students, suggesting that you’ve been openly inappropriate.”

Severus’s jaw tightened, his eyes narrowing dangerously. “That arrogant imbecile,” he growled, his hands curling into fists. “I warned him—”

“Severus,” Minerva interrupted firmly, placing a hand on his arm. “I came to you first because I believe this needs to be addressed before it spirals further. Confronting Lockhart will only escalate things.”

Severus drew in a sharp breath, his lips pressed into a thin line. Olivia placed a gentle hand on his arm, silently urging him to stay calm.

“Very well,” Severus said through gritted teeth. “Let’s handle this properly. Where do you want to talk?”

“Dumbledore’s office,” Minerva said simply.

The three of them walked in tense silence to the headmaster’s office. Olivia felt sick, her stomach twisting into knots as she imagined what the students must be saying.

When they arrived, Dumbledore greeted them with his usual calm demeanor, though there was a distinct seriousness in his eyes.

“I understand there’s been an issue,” Dumbledore said, gesturing for them to sit.

Severus remained standing, his dark eyes flashing. “Lockhart has been spreading lies,” he said bluntly. “He’s been making baseless claims about Olivia and me, and I will not stand for it.”

Dumbledore nodded slowly. “I’ve heard some of the rumors circulating among the students. It’s concerning, to say the least.”

“We’ve done nothing inappropriate,” Olivia said, her voice trembling but resolute. “Our relationship has always been private, and we’ve never let it interfere with our duties as professors.”

“Never,” Severus agreed, his tone firm. “I’ve ensured that no student has ever been exposed to anything untoward. Lockhart, on the other hand, has crossed the line with his slander.”

Minerva folded her hands in her lap, her gaze sympathetic as she looked at Olivia. “This situation puts you both in a difficult position. However, I believe we can address it before it worsens.”

Dumbledore leaned back in his chair, his fingers steepled. “I trust both of you to act professionally, and I have no reason to doubt your word. However, the rumors are damaging, particularly for Olivia, given her relative newness to the staff.”

Olivia swallowed hard, nodding. “I understand,” she said softly.

“What do you suggest, Albus?” Severus asked, his voice tight.

“I’ll speak with Lockhart personally,” Dumbledore said. “I’ll remind him of the importance of discretion and the consequences of spreading falsehoods. Minerva, perhaps you can address the students collectively, emphasizing the value of respect and the dangers of gossip.”

Minerva nodded. “I’ll handle it.”

“And what of Lockhart’s behavior toward Olivia?” Severus demanded, his tone dark. “He’s made her uncomfortable more than once.”

“That will also be addressed,” Dumbledore assured him. “I’ll make it clear that such behavior will not be tolerated.”

Olivia felt a surge of gratitude toward Severus for speaking up on her behalf. Despite the tension in the room, she reached for his hand, giving it a reassuring squeeze.

Dumbledore’s gaze softened as he looked at them. “I trust this can be resolved without further incident. Olivia, Severus, you’ve both handled this with dignity. Let’s ensure it remains that way.”

“Of course,” Olivia said quietly.

As they left the office, Severus stopped in the corridor, turning to Olivia. “Are you all right?”

She nodded, though her eyes were glassy. “I’m just… embarrassed. I hate that people are talking about us like this.”

Severus cupped her cheek, his expression softening. “Let them talk. It changes nothing between us.”

She leaned into his touch, comforted by his steady presence. “Thank you for standing up for me,” she whispered.

“Always,” he murmured, pressing a kiss to her forehead.

Together, they walked back to his quarters, ready to face whatever came next.

*006*2025-03-08 18:52

Chapter 57

The week had been unbearable. Ever since the meeting with Dumbledore and Minerva, Olivia and Severus felt the weight of unseen eyes on them. Every interaction, every glance, every word seemed to be dissected and analyzed by both students and staff.

In the Great Hall, Olivia sat next to Severus at the staff table, picking at her food. The hum of chatter from students filled the room, but she couldn’t shake the feeling that too many of those whispers were about them. Across the hall, Lockhart sat with a smug grin plastered across his face, occasionally glancing in their direction. His smirk made her stomach churn.

Severus noticed. His dark eyes narrowed as he subtly turned his head toward Olivia. “Ignore him,” he muttered under his breath, his voice low enough for only her to hear.

“I’m trying,” Olivia replied softly, her eyes on her plate. She wasn’t succeeding.

Lockhart’s smirk widened as he raised his goblet in a mock toast, his eyes glinting with smug satisfaction. Olivia felt her cheeks flush, and she quickly looked away.

The pressure of the week, the constant whispers, and Lockhart’s relentless antagonizing all took a toll. As Olivia sat there, trying to focus on anything but the stares, she felt the all-too-familiar, sinking sensation of losing control.

Her heart dropped, and panic surged through her veins. **Not now. Please, not now.** She froze, her body stiffening as the heat spread. She clutched her napkin tightly, willing herself to stay calm, but the embarrassment burned through her.

Severus, always attuned to her, noticed her sudden change in demeanor. His hand under the table brushed hers gently, a silent question. “Olivia?” he asked softly, his voice lined with concern.

She shook her head slightly, not daring to look at him. “I… I need to excuse myself,” she whispered, her voice trembling.

He nodded, his expression calm though his dark eyes showed understanding. “Do you have everything you need?” he asked quietly, his tone neutral so as not to draw attention.

She hesitated, her face flushing deeper. “I think so.”

Severus reached down to the floor beside his chair, picking up the discreet bag she always carried for such emergencies. With practiced ease, he handed it to her under the table. “Take this, just in case,” he said, his voice steady.

She took it quickly, her fingers brushing his in the exchange. “Thank you,” she murmured, her eyes cast downward.

“Go,” he said gently, giving her the slightest nod.

Olivia stood, clutching the bag close to her chest as she walked out of the Great Hall. She kept her head down, avoiding eye contact with anyone. She imagined every pair of eyes on her, every whisper now about her sudden departure. Her cheeks burned with shame.

As the heavy doors closed behind her, she let out a shaky breath. Tears pricked at her eyes, but she forced herself to keep moving. She couldn’t let herself break down—not here, not now.

Back at the staff table, Severus’s gaze followed her until the doors shut behind her. He leaned back in his chair, his expression unreadable to anyone who might glance his way. Across the hall, Lockhart’s smirk grew wider, his eyebrows raising as if to silently mock the situation.

Severus’s jaw tightened, but he resisted the urge to lash out. Instead, he poured himself a goblet of wine, his movements deliberate and calm. When he finally looked back at Lockhart, his gaze was sharp as a blade, his disdain clear.

Lockhart’s smirk faltered, if only slightly. Severus allowed himself the faintest flicker of satisfaction before returning to his meal.

Meanwhile, Olivia made her way to the staff restroom. Once inside, she locked the door and leaned against it, her breathing ragged. The tears she had been holding back spilled over, and she pressed her hand to her mouth to muffle the sound of her sobs.

**Why can’t I just be normal?** she thought bitterly.

After a moment, she forced herself to gather her composure. She set her bag on the counter and pulled out what she needed, her movements mechanical. She focused on the task at hand, pushing the humiliation to the back of her mind.

When she was done, she splashed cold water on her face and looked at herself in the mirror. Her reflection looked tired, the strain of the week evident in her eyes. She took a deep breath, straightened her posture, and told herself she could handle this. She had to.

By the time she returned to Severus’s quarters that evening, the weight of the day had left her utterly exhausted. Severus was waiting for her, as he always did, a book in hand and a glass of wine on the table.

When she walked in, he immediately set the book down and stood, his eyes scanning her face. “Are you all right?” he asked, his voice low and gentle.

She nodded, but her eyes filled with tears again as she set her bag on the floor. “I just… I hate this, Severus,” she admitted, her voice breaking.

He crossed the room in two strides, pulling her into his arms. “I know,” he murmured, holding her tightly. “But you’re stronger than this, Olivia. Don’t let them break you.”

She buried her face in his chest, letting his steady presence calm her racing thoughts. “I’m trying,” she whispered.

“You’re doing more than trying,” he said firmly, tilting her chin up so she had to meet his gaze. “You’re enduring. And that takes more strength than most people will ever understand.”

She managed a small smile, leaning into his touch. “Thank you,” she said softly.

“Always,” he replied, brushing a kiss against her forehead.

For now, it was enough.

Chapter 58

The day was unusually lively, with spring sunlight streaming into the dungeon classroom, casting an ethereal glow on the usually dim space. Olivia stood by the front of the room, her robes pristine, her wand tapping gently against the edge of her desk as she explained a potion technique to the class.

Severus stood to her left, back from his suspension with his arms crossed, surveying the students with his trademark piercing gaze. His mere presence kept the majority of the class in line, though a few students still whispered behind their cauldrons, occasionally sneaking glances at the professors.

Olivia noticed the whispers but paid them no mind. She was used to the attention by now. Rumors about her and Severus had been circulating for weeks, but she’d grown adept at brushing them off. The students were curious, but it wasn’t their business, and she refused to let it affect her teaching.

“Professor Black?” a hesitant voice called.

She turned her attention to a Ravenclaw boy, his hand raised timidly.

“Yes, Mr. Addison?”

“I was just wondering… are you and Professor Snape going to be okay?”

The question hung in the air, silencing the quiet whispers. Olivia blinked, caught off guard by the unexpected directness.

“Excuse me?” she asked, her tone even but curious.

The boy glanced nervously at Snape, then back at Olivia. “I mean, there’s been… talk. About the two of you. And I guess some of us were just worried—”

“That,” Severus cut in sharply, his voice slicing through the room like a blade, “is none of your concern.”

The students shrank back, intimidated by his glare. The tension was palpable, and Olivia quickly stepped in to smooth it over.

“Let’s stay focused on the lesson,” she said with a warm smile, trying to redirect the energy.

But before she could continue, another student raised her hand.

“Professor Black?”

Olivia hesitated but nodded. “Yes, Miss Greene?”

The Gryffindor girl twirled a quill in her fingers, clearly working up the courage to speak. “Are you two going to get married?”

The question sent a ripple of murmurs through the classroom. Olivia’s cheeks flushed slightly, but she managed to keep her composure.

“That’s personal business, Miss Greene,” Olivia replied with a light chuckle. “Now, unless you have questions about the potion…”

“But you’d make a cute couple!” someone piped up from the back, followed by a chorus of giggles.

Severus scowled, his dark eyes narrowing at the source of the comment. “Enough!” he barked, his voice echoing off the dungeon walls. “You’re here to learn, not gossip like dimwitted fools. Back to work!”

The class scrambled to comply, heads down as they returned to their cauldrons. Olivia exhaled, relieved to regain control of the room.

But just as she stepped closer to inspect a student’s potion, she felt the telltale warmth spreading through her robes. It wasn’t an unfamiliar sensation, but it always caught her off guard. Her expression remained calm as she discreetly reached into her pocket for a handkerchief.

“Excuse me for a moment,” she said casually, her voice steady.

Severus immediately stepped closer, his dark eyes scanning her with concern. “Do you have what you need?” he murmured, handing her a small satchel from behind his desk.

Olivia nodded, taking the bag gratefully. “I do. Thank you.”

With her head held high, she left the room, ignoring the brief glances from her students. She had long since learned not to let moments like this embarrass her. Accidents happened, and she wasn’t going to let it define her.

When she returned to the classroom a few minutes later, the students were quiet, diligently working on their potions. Severus had clearly kept them in line.

“Where were we?” Olivia asked, resuming her place at the front of the room as if nothing had happened.

The class continued without further interruptions, though Olivia couldn’t help but notice the faintest hint of pride in Severus’s eyes as he glanced at her. She had handled herself with poise and confidence, and he admired her all the more for it.

*007*2025-03-08 19:10

(Do not read if previous chapters aren't approved.)

Chapter 61

Olivia sat on the edge of her bed, her resignation letter lying on the desk in front of her. The words on the parchment blurred as tears filled her eyes, but she refused to cry again. Her heart ached, raw and heavy, as the events of the last few days replayed in her mind. Severus’s harsh words echoed in her ears, cutting her deeper each time she remembered them. She couldn’t do this anymore.

After sealing the envelope with a shaky hand, she took a deep breath and stood, her legs weak beneath her. She made her way to Dumbledore’s office, every step feeling like it might crumble beneath her.

When she handed the letter to Dumbledore, she felt a strange sense of both relief and dread. His piercing blue eyes scanned the parchment before he looked up at her, his expression kind yet deeply concerned.

“Miss Black,” he began softly, “are you absolutely certain this is what you want?”

Olivia hesitated, her resolve wavering for a moment. She could feel the weight of his words, his disappointment lingering unspoken. “Yes,” she said finally, her voice barely above a whisper. “I think it’s best for everyone.”

Dumbledore folded the letter carefully and placed it on his desk. “You’ve been an exceptional addition to Hogwarts. Your dedication, your compassion—they are not easily replaced.”

Tears stung her eyes, but she blinked them away. “Thank you, Headmaster.”

“If you ever change your mind,” he said, his voice tinged with regret, “you will always have a place here.”

Olivia nodded quickly, murmuring her thanks again before hurrying out of the office, her chest tightening with every step.

By the time she entered the classroom later that day, Olivia was emotionally drained. The room felt colder, the chatter of the students a dull hum in her ears. She stood at the front, her shoulders stiff, her usual gentle smile nowhere to be found.

Severus was already there, his presence a dark, imposing figure beside her. He cast her a glance, his sharp features softening slightly as he noticed her distant expression. But she didn’t meet his gaze, instead focusing on the lesson plan before her.

As the students settled, the lesson began. Olivia and Severus taught in unison, their voices alternating as they explained the brewing process for a complex potion. But the air between them was tense, and even the students seemed to notice.

About halfway through the class, a student hesitantly raised his hand. Severus turned to him with his usual curt tone. “What is it?”

The boy hesitated, glancing nervously at Olivia before asking, “Are you two going to be okay?”

The question hit Olivia like a blow, and for a moment, she froze. Severus’s expression darkened, his lips thinning as his sharp gaze fixed on the boy.

“That,” he said coldly, “is none of your business.”

Silence fell over the classroom, but before they could move on, another student spoke up. “Is that why Professor Black hasn’t been happy? Because you two aren’t okay?”

Olivia’s cheeks flushed, her heart pounding as murmurs spread through the room. She held up a hand, trying to regain control. “We’re not discussing that,” she said firmly, though her voice trembled slightly.

The students exchanged glances, undeterred. “You two go so well together,” one of them blurted out, a few nodding in agreement.

Olivia felt her face heat further, a mixture of embarrassment and something else—something more painful. She forced a tight smile. “That’s personal business. Let’s get back to the lesson, please.”

The class quieted down, but Olivia could still feel their curious gazes on her. She tried to focus, but her mind was elsewhere.

When the lesson finally ended, the students filed out, leaving Olivia and Severus alone in the room. The tension between them was suffocating. Severus turned to her, his dark eyes narrowing.

“Are you planning to continue this... charade of silence?” he asked, his voice low but cutting.

Olivia set down the parchment she was holding and turned to him, her expression resolute. “There’s no charade, Severus.”

He crossed his arms, his brow furrowing. “Then explain to me why you’ve been acting like a ghost.”

Olivia took a deep breath, her hands trembling. “You don’t have to worry about me anymore,” she said, her voice calm but cold. “I handed in my resignation this morning. I’ll be leaving for Spain next week.”

For a moment, Severus was silent, his usual impenetrable mask faltering. His eyes widened slightly, the faintest flicker of hurt crossing his face. “You’re leaving?”

“Yes,” she said, her tone sharp. “You’ll have full control of everything again. Isn’t that what you wanted?”

His jaw clenched, and for a moment, he looked away, struggling to compose himself. When he spoke, his voice was quieter, laced with anger and something deeper. “You think I wanted this?”

“I don’t know what you want anymore,” Olivia said, her voice trembling. “But I can’t stay here. The fighting, the rumors, the constant tension... It’s too much.”

Severus’s hands curled into fists at his sides. “So you’re running away.”

“Maybe I am,” she admitted, tears welling in her eyes. “But I can’t do this, Severus. You threw everything we had in my face. You made me feel... disposable.”

His expression twisted in pain, but he quickly masked it with a scowl. “You’re being dramatic.”

“No, I’m protecting myself,” she shot back, her voice breaking. “I may not be able to control a lot of things in my life, but I'm controlling this. I hope you’re happy, Severus. You’ve made your point. You always win.”

Without waiting for a response, Olivia turned and left the room, her footsteps echoing in the silence.

Severus stood there, staring after her, his mind racing. For the first time in years, he felt utterly powerless....and it terrified him.

Chapter 62

The bar was dimly lit, filled with the low hum of conversation and the occasional clink of glass against wood. Severus Snape sat at a corner table, shrouded in shadows, his long fingers wrapped around a half-empty glass of firewhisky. He hadn’t planned to spend his evening here, but the oppressive silence of his quarters had been unbearable.

He swirled the amber liquid, his dark eyes fixed on the swirling patterns. The burn of the alcohol wasn’t enough to drown out the gnawing ache in his chest. Olivia’s face lingered in his mind—her anger, her tears, her words that had cut him to the bone. He had driven her away, pushed her to the brink, and now he stood at a precipice, unsure whether he could pull her back.

A flash of movement caught his attention. Across the room, a woman entered, her presence commanding the space without effort. She had fiery red hair that tumbled over her shoulders in loose waves and an air of confidence that was almost magnetic. Her emerald-green dress clung to her figure, and her lips were painted a bold crimson.

Severus’s gaze lingered, and to his surprise, she noticed. Their eyes met briefly, and she offered a small, knowing smile. He quickly looked away, cursing himself for being so obvious.

Moments later, she appeared at his table, her perfume—a sweet mix of jasmine and vanilla—wafting around him. “Mind if I join you?”

Severus raised an eyebrow, his voice curt. “The bar is full of empty seats. Surely you can find another.”

She laughed lightly, ignoring his tone as she slid into the chair opposite him. “I could. But you look far more interesting than anyone else here.”

Her boldness caught him off guard. He took a sip of his drink, regarding her coolly. “I assure you, I’m far from interesting.”

She leaned forward, resting her chin on her hand. “You don’t believe that, do you? You have this air about you—dark, mysterious, and brooding. It’s intriguing.”

Severus fought the urge to roll his eyes. “Is that your usual approach? Flatter a stranger until they feel compelled to entertain you?”

Her lips curled into a smirk. “Only when the stranger looks like they could use some entertainment.”

Despite himself, he chuckled softly, a sound that surprised even him. There was something disarming about her, something that made him lower his guard just slightly.

Severus turned to her fully, his dark eyes meeting hers. She was young, vibrant, and uninhibited. She exuded the kind of energy he hadn’t felt in years. There was no pain in her gaze, no baggage or heartbreak. She was fun. Easy. Desirable.

The conversation flowed easily from there. She was clever and quick-witted, her humor sharp enough to keep him engaged. She told him about her job as a freelance artist, her love of traveling, and her distaste for anything that resembled routine.

“And what about you?” she asked, her green eyes sparkling with curiosity. “What brings you here tonight?”

Severus hesitated, his fingers tightening around his glass. “A need for solitude.”

She laughed. “Interesting choice, considering you’re in a bar.”

Her laugh was bright, infectious, and Severus found himself relaxing slightly. “Perhaps solitude was the wrong word,” he admitted, his voice low.

She tilted her head, studying him. “So, you’re running from something.”

He didn’t respond, and she didn’t push. Instead, she leaned back in her chair, her smile turning playful. “You know, I’ve been watching you. You’re different from anyone else here.”

“Oh?” he said, arching an eyebrow.

“Yes,” she said, her voice dropping to a soft, teasing tone. “You carry yourself like someone who’s used to being in control. Someone who doesn’t let anyone tell them what to do.”

A faint smirk tugged at Severus’s lips. “And what makes you think you know me so well?”

She leaned closer, her emerald eyes locking onto his. “It’s in the way you sit, the way you look at people—like you’re sizing them up, deciding whether they’re worth your time.”

He chuckled darkly. “Perhaps I am.”

Their conversation continued, the tension between them growing. She touched his hand lightly as she spoke, her gaze lingering on his lips. Her confidence was intoxicating, and Severus found himself drawn to her in a way he hadn’t anticipated.

“You know,” she said, her voice dropping to a whisper, “we could leave. Go somewhere quieter. Somewhere… private.”

Severus’s breath hitched. The temptation was overwhelming. She was everything Olivia wasn’t—carefree, unburdened, and utterly detached from his world of chaos. For a fleeting moment, he considered it. He considered leaving with her, losing himself in her warmth, and forgetting the pain that had become his constant companion.

Her words struck a chord, sending a flicker of something dark and primal through him. She leaned closer, her perfume filling the space between them.

She stood, holding out her hand. “What do you say?”

Severus stared at her hand, his heart pounding. It would be so easy. So simple.

But then, as he looked into her vibrant green eyes, he saw only emptiness. Her touch lacked the familiarity he craved, her voice lacked the depth he needed.

And then Olivia’s face filled his mind—her laughter, her stubbornness, her ability to see through his carefully constructed walls. He thought of her flaws, her vulnerability, and the way she challenged him like no one else ever had.

Suddenly, the thought of touching this woman made his skin crawl. He didn’t want fun. He didn’t want easy. He wanted the messy, complicated, beautiful chaos that was Olivia. He wanted her stubbornness, her laughter, her infuriating ability to see through him.

He wanted her.

“I can’t,” he said abruptly, his voice firm.

The woman blinked, confused. “What?”

“I can’t,” he repeated, standing. He placed a few coins on the table and met her gaze, his expression unreadable. “Thank you for the conversation, but this isn’t what I want.”

Her lips parted as if to argue, but he was already turning away, his long strides carrying him out of the bar.

###

The night air was cold and biting, but it felt cleansing. Severus walked briskly, his mind racing. He had been seconds away from making a mistake he would have regretted for the rest of his life.

When he reached the castle, the familiar halls felt both comforting and suffocating. His quarters were dark and empty, a painful reminder of what he had lost.

He sank into his chair, his head in his hands. For the first time in years, Severus Snape felt truly powerless.

But as the hours passed and the ache in his chest grew unbearable, he knew one thing with certainty: he couldn’t let Olivia leave. Not like this.

He would fight for her, no matter the cost.

*008*2025-03-08 19:17

Chapter 63

Severus stood under the scalding spray of the shower, letting the water cascade over his head and shoulders. His hands were braced against the tiled wall, his hair plastered to his face, his breathing heavy. The weight of his actions—both past and present—pressed down on him like the steam filling the room.

He scrubbed his skin with an almost desperate intensity, as though he could wash away not just the scent of the bar but the temptation he had allowed himself to entertain. He had flirted with the idea of escape, of leaving behind the messy, complicated reality of his life with Olivia. But instead of solace, the memory left him feeling hollow and nauseated.

The woman at the bar had been easy—no complications, no baggage, no challenges. But that wasn’t what he wanted. That wasn’t what he needed. Olivia had flaws and fears, just as he did, but she also had a strength that matched his own. She was the only person who had ever truly seen him, the only person who had dared to love him despite his darkness.

The water turned cold, jolting him out of his thoughts. He turned it off and stepped out of the shower, wrapping a towel around his waist. As he caught his reflection in the fogged mirror, he barely recognized himself. His usual stern expression was replaced by something raw and vulnerable.

He dried off quickly and dressed, his hands trembling as he buttoned his shirt. The clock read 3:07 a.m., but he didn’t care. He couldn’t wait any longer. He needed to see her, to tell her everything.

The knock at Olivia’s door came with a sharp, firm urgency, breaking through the stillness of the night. Olivia stirred, groggy and disoriented, as the sound repeated, louder this time. She blinked at the clock on her nightstand: 3:07 a.m.

Grumbling, she threw on her pale blue dressing gown and shuffled to the door, her hair mussed from sleep. She opened it just enough to peek out, her irritation evident.

“Severus?” she said, her voice thick and weary. “What are you doing here? It’s the middle of the night.”

His dark figure loomed in the dim light of the corridor, shoulders hunched as though burdened by something heavy. He looked uncharacteristically disheveled—his shirt was hastily buttoned, his hair damp and slightly out of place. But it was his eyes that caught her attention: raw, intense, and pleading.

“I need to talk to you,” he said, his voice low but strained.

Olivia leaned against the doorframe, crossing her arms. “This couldn’t wait until morning?”

“No,” he said firmly. “It couldn’t.”

She sighed heavily, opening the door wider but not stepping aside. “Alright, what is it? Make it quick.”

He hesitated, his lips pressing into a thin line as if he were struggling to find the right words. Finally, he spoke.

“I’ve made a mess of everything,” he began, his tone heavy with self-reproach. “I’ve hurt you, Olivia, and I can’t forgive myself for that. But I couldn’t go another moment without telling you…” He swallowed hard, his hands clenching at his sides. “I love you.”

The words hung in the air, but Olivia’s expression didn’t soften. If anything, she looked more irritated.

“Severus,” she said, her tone sharp, “you think showing up at my door in the middle of the night, saying a few pretty words, is going to fix everything? You think that’s enough to undo what you said to me? The way you made me feel?”

“I don’t think it will fix anything,” he admitted, his voice cracking slightly. “But you deserve to know how I feel. And you deserve to hear me say that I was wrong. About everything.”

She shook her head, her arms tightening across her chest. “You were cruel, Severus. You knew exactly where to hit me to make it hurt the most. And now you’re here, what? Hoping I’ll just forget all of that because you decided you ‘love’ me?”

“I don’t expect you to forget,” he said quickly. “Or even to forgive me. But I couldn’t let you leave thinking that I didn’t care. Because I do, Olivia. More than I’ve ever cared about anyone in my life.”

Her eyes narrowed, her voice biting. “You have a funny way of showing it.”

He flinched, but he didn’t look away. “I know. And I’ll regret the things I said for the rest of my life. But you need to understand something, Olivia. I’ve spent my entire existence building walls, keeping everyone at a distance because it was safer that way. You’re the first person who’s ever made me want to tear those walls down. And when I realized how much I needed you, it terrified me.”

“Terrified you?” she repeated, her voice rising. “So you decided to lash out? To make me feel like I was nothing?”

“I was a coward,” he admitted, his voice barely above a whisper. “I let my fear and my pride control me, and I hurt the one person who means everything to me. And for that, I am truly sorry.”

Her lip quivered, but she held her ground. “You don’t get to waltz in here and say you’re sorry and expect everything to be okay. It doesn’t work like that, Severus.”

“I know,” he said. “But I couldn’t let you leave without telling you the truth. I couldn’t let you go without fighting for you, even if it’s too late.”

The words hung in the air, and for the first time, Olivia’s resolve seemed to falter. She looked down at the floor, her arms still crossed but her posture less rigid.

“I don’t know if I can trust you again,” she said softly. “You broke my heart, Severus. How do I know you won’t do it again?”

“You don’t,” he said honestly. “But I swear to you, Olivia, I will spend the rest of my life proving to you that you made the right choice in trusting me. If you give me the chance.”

She looked up at him then, her eyes glistening with unshed tears. “You’ve hurt me so much, Severus. I don’t even know where to begin.”

“Begin with this,” he said, taking a cautious step closer. “With me standing here, telling you that I love you. That I want to spend the rest of my life making you happy. And that I will never, ever take you for granted again.”

For a long moment, the only sound was the faint crackle of the torchlight in the corridor. Then, slowly, Olivia stepped aside, allowing him to enter.

“Come in,” she said softly, her voice tinged with hesitation.

Severus exhaled a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding and stepped inside. The door closed behind him with a soft click.

Chapter 63

Severus sat stiffly in the small chair by Olivia’s fireplace, his dark figure outlined by the soft orange glow of the flames. He watched her as she paced the room, her arms folded tightly across her chest. The tension between them was suffocating, the silence stretching far too long.

“Severus,” Olivia said finally, her voice low and measured, “you can’t just walk in here and expect me to pretend everything is fine. I can’t do that.”

“I don’t expect you to,” he said, his voice uncharacteristically quiet. “But I can’t let you leave. I won’t.”

She stopped pacing and turned to him, her brows furrowed. “You don’t get to make that decision for me. After everything that’s happened, you don’t get to decide what’s best for me.”

His jaw tightened, but he nodded. “You’re right. I don’t. But I need you to hear me, Olivia. I’ve spent the last few days spiraling, drinking myself into oblivion, and hating myself for what I said to you. For what I did. And I know I don’t deserve your forgiveness, but I’m begging you—”

“Begging?” she interrupted, her tone skeptical. “Since when does Severus Snape beg?”

“Since now,” he said firmly, his voice breaking slightly. He stood, his tall frame towering over her as he took a cautious step closer. “I’ve never begged for anything in my life, Olivia. Never. But for you? I’d get down on my knees if I thought it would make a difference.”

Her heart twisted at the raw vulnerability in his voice, but she held her ground. “Why now, Severus? Why not before you said those awful things to me? Why not before you made me feel like a burden, like I was nothing?”

“I was a fool,” he admitted, his dark eyes glistening with regret. “A stubborn, selfish fool. I let my own fears and insecurities cloud my judgment, and I lashed out at the one person who matters most to me.”

Olivia’s lips trembled, but she quickly pressed them together. “You hurt me, Severus. You broke my heart. Do you have any idea what that felt like?”

“Yes,” he said quietly, his voice filled with pain. “Because I’ve been living with that same pain every single day since. Olivia, I didn’t come into your life to ask invasive questions about your health condition, to take your innocence, and then leave you behind. That was never my intention.”

“Then what was your intention?” she demanded, her eyes narrowing. “Because it certainly didn’t feel like you wanted me forever when you said those things.”

He stepped closer, his voice soft but firm. “Forever, Olivia. That’s what I wanted. That’s what I still want. You are the most extraordinary person I’ve ever known, and if I have to give up every ounce of control in my life to keep you, then so be it. Because without you, none of it matters.”

Her breath hitched, her defenses wavering as she searched his face. “You… you want me forever?”

“Yes,” he said, his voice unwavering. “I want you with all your flaws, all your fears, and all your complexities. I want to wake up every morning with you by my side and fall asleep every night knowing you’re mine. I want it all, Olivia. With you.”

Tears welled in her eyes, but she quickly blinked them away. “And what happens when things get hard again, Severus? When I have another bad day or another accident? Are you going to throw it in my face like you did before?”

“Never,” he said with conviction. “I swear to you, Olivia, I will never make you feel that way again. I was an idiot, and I will spend the rest of my life making it up to you if you’ll let me.”

She turned away from him, her arms wrapping around herself as she tried to process his words. Her mind was a whirlwind of emotions—anger, sadness, hope, and love all swirling together.

“I don’t know if I can trust you,” she said softly, her back still to him.

“Then let me earn your trust,” he said, his voice desperate. “Let me prove to you that I’m not the same man who said those things. Let me show you that I can be better. For you.”

She didn’t respond, and the silence stretched between them. Finally, she turned to face him, her eyes filled with uncertainty.

“I don’t know if I’m ready to forgive you,” she said honestly.

“I’m not asking for forgiveness right now,” he said, stepping closer. “I’m asking for a chance to prove that I’m worth forgiving.”

Her gaze softened, and for the first time, she saw the depth of his regret, the sincerity in his eyes. “Severus…”

“I love you, Olivia,” he said, his voice trembling. “More than I’ve ever loved anyone or anything. And I will spend every day of my life showing you that, if you’ll let me.”

Her defenses crumbled, and a single tear rolled down her cheek. “You really are an idiot, you know that?”

A small, relieved smile tugged at his lips. “I’ve been told as much.”

She let out a shaky laugh, wiping her tear away. “I’m not saying everything’s okay. But… maybe we can figure this out. Together.”

His chest tightened with emotion, and he nodded. “Together. Always.”

Chapter 64

The morning sunlight streamed into the Potions classroom as Severus Snape prepared for the day’s lesson, his dark robes billowing behind him as he moved with purpose. Despite the slight tension lingering between him and Olivia, there was something different about the air today—lighter, more hopeful.

Olivia entered a few minutes later, her hair pinned back and her arms laden with scrolls of parchment. She caught his eye and offered a tentative smile, one he returned with a subtle nod. It wasn’t much, but it was enough to make her heart skip.

As the students began filing in, Severus leaned against his desk, his sharp gaze fixed on Olivia. “Miss Black,” he said quietly, his tone casual but probing, “I couldn’t help but notice that your resignation letter hasn’t yet been rescinded.”

Olivia arched an eyebrow, feigning innocence as she arranged the parchment on her desk. “Hmm. Interesting observation, Professor Snape.”

He crossed his arms, his dark eyes narrowing playfully. “Care to enlighten me as to why that might be?”

She straightened, meeting his gaze with a mixture of defiance and amusement. “It depends.”

“On what, exactly?” he asked, his tone curious yet edged with impatience.

She tilted her head, her lips curving into a small smile. “On you.”

His eyebrows shot up, and a rare, genuine smirk tugged at the corner of his mouth. “On me, is it? And what, pray tell, must I do to ensure you stay?”

“Oh, I don’t know,” she said with mock deliberation, tapping her chin as if deep in thought. “Perhaps grovel a bit more. Maybe bring me breakfast in bed. Or…” She leaned slightly closer, her voice dropping to a teasing whisper. “You could try smiling once in a while.”

“Smiling?” he repeated, his tone laced with mock horror. “I believe I’m physically incapable of such a thing.”

Olivia chuckled, the sound light and infectious. “Well, then, I suppose I’ll just have to reconsider my options.”

“Miss Black,” he said, his voice dropping to that familiar silken tone that always sent shivers down her spine, “you are insufferable.”

“And yet, here I am,” she quipped, her eyes sparkling with mischief.

Before he could respond, the bell rang, signaling the start of class. Students quickly took their seats, and the light-hearted banter between them was replaced with the usual hum of academic activity.

As the lesson progressed, Olivia found herself stepping into her usual rhythm, moving among the students with ease as she checked their progress on the day’s potion. Severus, too, seemed more at ease, his sharp critiques softened just enough to be constructive rather than biting.

At one point, a Gryffindor student accidentally added too much powdered asphodel to their cauldron, causing a puff of purple smoke to billow out. Severus swooped in immediately, his voice stern but measured as he corrected the mistake. Olivia suppressed a smile as she watched him work, her heart warming at the sight of his dedication.

By the end of the class, the students had produced a surprisingly consistent batch of antidotes, and Severus called the lesson to a close with a curt nod of approval.

“Well done today,” Olivia said as the students filed out. “I’d say that was one of our better classes.”

“I suppose it was adequate,” Severus replied, his tone indifferent, though the small glint in his eyes betrayed his satisfaction.

She rolled her eyes. “You could at least admit it went well, you know.”

“I’ll admit no such thing,” he said, his lips twitching slightly.

Olivia shook her head, laughing softly. “You’re impossible.”

“And yet, here you are,” he echoed her earlier words, his voice carrying a hint of warmth.

Their eyes met, and for a moment, the weight of the past few weeks seemed to lift. Olivia felt her resolve wavering, the idea of leaving Hogwarts and Severus becoming harder to imagine.

As they began cleaning up the classroom, Severus glanced at her and said quietly, “You belong here, Olivia. With me.”

She paused, her hands stilling on the parchment she was gathering. Looking at him, she saw not just the sharp-tongued professor but the man who had fought for her, who had bared his soul and admitted his faults.

“I’ll think about it,” she said softly, a small smile playing on her lips.

He nodded, satisfied for now. “Good.”

As they finished their work and prepared for the next lesson, a sense of calm settled over the room. For the first time in weeks, they felt like a team again, their connection stronger than ever. And though the future was uncertain, they both knew one thing for sure: they were better together than apart.

*009*2025-03-08 19:23

Chapter 65

The rain outside had settled into a soft drizzle by the time Severus and Olivia sat across from each other in his quarters, the faint scent of tea mingling with the cool air. The tension from their earlier confessions had dissipated, replaced by something softer, more tender. They had opened their hearts to each other, but there was one lingering topic neither had broached—what would happen when summer came.

Severus cleared his throat, his fingers curling around the edge of his chair as he leaned forward. His dark eyes, usually so inscrutable, were filled with uncharacteristic vulnerability.

“I’ve been thinking,” he began, his voice steady but quieter than usual, “about what you said before. About staying with me this summer.”

Olivia tilted her head, watching him carefully. “And?”

A small, almost self-deprecating smirk tugged at his lips. “You’re right. It’s... improper, isn’t it? Two people living together under one roof when they’re not even married.”

Her heart sank, and she quickly looked down at her hands. She hadn’t expected him to say that, not after everything they’d just been through. “I didn’t mean it like that,” she said softly, her voice tinged with uncertainty. “I was just... nervous. It’s a big step.”

“It is,” he agreed, his tone contemplative. “And perhaps it’s one we shouldn’t take lightly.”

Silence stretched between them, the only sound the faint tapping of the rain against the windows. Olivia’s mind raced, replaying the arguments they’d had, the moments of connection they’d shared, and the way she had felt when he wasn’t by her side. She realized she had been leaning toward moving in with him before their fight. Despite everything, the idea of living with him at Spinner’s End had felt... right.

But now, it seemed the decision had been made for her.

She opened her mouth to respond, but Severus spoke again, his voice firm yet oddly gentle.

“That’s why,” he said, leaning back in his chair and folding his hands in his lap, “we’re going to have to get married.”

Her head snapped up, her eyes wide with shock. “What?”

He arched an eyebrow, his expression calm despite the weight of his words. “You heard me. If it’s propriety you’re worried about, then I see only one solution.”

Her heart was pounding so loudly she was sure he could hear it. “Severus, are you... proposing to me?”

His lips twitched into the faintest smile. “I believe I am.”

She stared at him, utterly stunned. Of all the outcomes she had imagined for this conversation, this had not been one of them.

“Well?” he prompted, his tone teasing but his eyes betraying a flicker of nervousness. “Say yes.”

But then, as if catching himself, he shook his head and leaned forward again. “No. Don’t say yes because I told you to. Say what you want. You're in control, Olivia.”

Her breath caught in her throat as she processed his words. She looked into his eyes, those deep, intense eyes that had seen so much pain and still dared to hope for happiness.

“I... I want to say yes,” she whispered, her voice trembling. “I want to be with you, Severus. Forever.”

Relief washed over his face, and for a moment, he looked younger, as though a weight had been lifted from his shoulders. He reached across the table to take her hand, his touch warm and steady.

“Good,” he said softly, his thumb brushing against her knuckles.

“But,” she added quickly, her cheeks flushing, “I don’t want a wedding. I don’t like the idea of people staring at me or having all those eyes on us. It’s too much.”

To her surprise, he chuckled—a low, genuine sound that made her chest tighten. “I’m thankful for that, because I feel the same way.”

“You do?”

“Of course. The idea of parading around in front of people I barely tolerate sounds like a nightmare,” he said dryly. “But if it’s what you wanted, I’d endure it.”

She smiled, a soft, radiant smile that made his heart ache. “I don’t want that. I just want you. That’s all I’ve ever wanted.”

“And you have me,” he said firmly, his voice filled with conviction. “Now and always.”

They sat there for a long moment, the world outside forgotten. The rain continued to fall, a gentle rhythm that mirrored the steady beating of their hearts.

Finally, Olivia broke the silence. “So... what happens now?”

“Well,” he said, a mischievous glint in his eyes, “I believe it’s customary to seal an engagement with a kiss.”

She laughed, the sound light and full of joy. “Is that so?”

“It is,” he said, leaning closer. “And who am I to break with tradition?”

Their lips met in a soft, lingering kiss, the promise of forever passing silently between them.

And in that moment, under the gray skies of a rainy spring day, they knew they had found something rare and precious—something worth losing control for.

*010*2025-03-08 19:30

Chapter 66

The morning sunlight streamed through the tall windows of Severus’s quarters, illuminating the subtle touches of warmth Olivia had added since moving more of her belongings in. A soft throw draped over the arm of his reading chair, a vase of fresh flowers on the corner of his desk, and, most notably, her presence. It was strange, Severus thought, how quickly he had grown used to the idea of sharing his space with her.

She stood before him now, smoothing the skirt of a pale blue dress she’d chosen to wear. It wasn’t extravagant—just a simple, modest dress that ended below her knees—but it flattered her figure in a way that made his chest tighten. Her hair was pinned back with a delicate clip, and she looked every bit as radiant as the spring morning outside.

“Is it too much?” she asked, turning slightly to show him the outfit.

Severus shook his head, his eyes raking over her with appreciation. “Not at all. You look lovely.”

She smiled, a soft blush creeping into her cheeks. “I thought I should dress modestly....I'm yours after all."

Her words made his heart skip a beat. She wasn’t teasing—she meant it, and the realization filled him with a sense of pride and possessiveness that he didn’t bother to suppress. “Yours,” he repeated, stepping closer to her. “That’s a sentiment I can agree with wholeheartedly.”

She laughed softly, brushing her fingers against his arm. “Good. Then let’s go. It’s too beautiful outside to stay cooped up indoors.”

He offered her his arm, and they left the castle together, their footsteps echoing through the stone corridors as they made their way to the grounds.

The spring air was crisp and carried the faint scent of blooming flowers. The students were scattered across the grounds, some studying under the trees, others playing games or simply enjoying the warmth of the sun. Severus and Olivia kept to the quieter paths, their pace unhurried as they walked side by side.

“I don’t think I’ve seen you out here like this before,” Olivia remarked, glancing up at him. “You always seem so... contained within the castle walls.”

He smirked, tucking his hands behind his back. “I’m not particularly fond of aimless wandering. But I’ll make an exception for you.”

“How generous of you,” she teased, bumping her shoulder lightly against his arm.

They walked in comfortable silence for a while, the sound of birdsong and distant laughter filling the gaps between their words. Olivia occasionally tugged at the skirt of her dress, smoothing it. Severus noticed and couldn’t help but feel a swell of admiration for her.

“You’ll make an amazing wife,” he said suddenly, his voice low but certain.

She stopped walking and turned to look at him, her expression caught between surprise and curiosity. “Do you really think so?”

“I know so,” he said, meeting her gaze with unwavering intensity. “You’re kind, intelligent, and far more patient with me than I deserve. If anyone is suited to endure a lifetime with me, it’s you.”

Her lips curved into a soft smile, and she reached for his hand. “You make it sound like such a chore.”

He chuckled, a rare and genuine sound. “I’m merely acknowledging the challenges that come with my... temperament. But I’m also confident in your ability to handle them.”

“Well,” she said, lacing her fingers with his, “I’m glad you have such faith in me. And for what it’s worth, I think you’ll make a wonderful husband. Even if you are a bit grumpy sometimes.”

“Grumpy?” he repeated, raising an eyebrow.

She laughed, the sound light and melodic. “It’s part of your charm.”

They continued walking, the path winding through the gardens and past the lake. Olivia paused occasionally to admire the flowers or the way the sunlight reflected off the water. Severus found himself watching her more than the scenery, marveling at how effortlessly she fit into his life.

As they reached a quiet spot near the edge of the lake, Olivia sat on a flat rock, smoothing her dress over her knees. Her cauldron bracelet, now back in it's rightful place, glittering in the sunlight. Severus remained standing, his hands tucked into his pockets as he looked out over the water.

“It’s strange, isn’t it?” she said, breaking the silence.

“What is?”

“Thinking about the future,” she said softly. “It’s always felt so uncertain to me. But now... now it feels like there’s a clear path ahead. And it’s a little scary.”

He turned to her, his expression softening. “It’s natural to feel that way. But you don’t have to face it alone anymore.”

She looked up at him, her eyes shining with emotion. “I know. And that makes all the difference.”

He sat beside her, their shoulders brushing as they stared out at the lake together. For a moment, neither of them spoke, content to simply exist in the quiet peace of the moment.

Finally, Olivia broke the silence. “Do you think we’ll always be like this? Just... happy?”

He glanced at her, his dark eyes filled with something she could only describe as hope. “If I have anything to say about it, yes.”

She smiled, leaning her head against his shoulder. “Good. Because I don’t think I could stand to be apart from you again.”

“You won’t have to be,” he promised, his voice steady and sure. “Not as long as I can help it.”

And for the first time in her life, Olivia felt like she didn't yearn for control. She could let go & just.....be.

The End

Sorry if it sucked. Hopefully it made some people happy. I literally have tons of oneshots to share & lots & lots of wetting now that I've posted their story.

*012*2025-03-18 15:59

I'm trying to post the missing chapters without getting flagged for approval, but it won't let me !!!!!

And I will update with oneshots !

Is it okay if some are omo & some aren't ? I'm like....obsessed with them as a couple 😂❤️

ALSO if you really really need to read, this IS posted on Wattpad & every chapter is on there.

%https://www.wattpad.com/story/389740068?utm_source=android&utm_medium=link&utm_content=share_reading&wp_page=reading_list_details&wp_uname=WolfieO

