Head Over Heels - A Snape Love Story - Page 2

Author: WolfieO

*006*2025-03-08 18:52

Chapter 57

The week had been unbearable. Ever since the meeting with Dumbledore and Minerva, Olivia and Severus felt the weight of unseen eyes on them. Every interaction, every glance, every word seemed to be dissected and analyzed by both students and staff.

In the Great Hall, Olivia sat next to Severus at the staff table, picking at her food. The hum of chatter from students filled the room, but she couldn’t shake the feeling that too many of those whispers were about them. Across the hall, Lockhart sat with a smug grin plastered across his face, occasionally glancing in their direction. His smirk made her stomach churn.

Severus noticed. His dark eyes narrowed as he subtly turned his head toward Olivia. “Ignore him,” he muttered under his breath, his voice low enough for only her to hear.

“I’m trying,” Olivia replied softly, her eyes on her plate. She wasn’t succeeding.

Lockhart’s smirk widened as he raised his goblet in a mock toast, his eyes glinting with smug satisfaction. Olivia felt her cheeks flush, and she quickly looked away.

The pressure of the week, the constant whispers, and Lockhart’s relentless antagonizing all took a toll. As Olivia sat there, trying to focus on anything but the stares, she felt the all-too-familiar, sinking sensation of losing control.

Her heart dropped, and panic surged through her veins. **Not now. Please, not now.** She froze, her body stiffening as the heat spread. She clutched her napkin tightly, willing herself to stay calm, but the embarrassment burned through her.

Severus, always attuned to her, noticed her sudden change in demeanor. His hand under the table brushed hers gently, a silent question. “Olivia?” he asked softly, his voice lined with concern.

She shook her head slightly, not daring to look at him. “I… I need to excuse myself,” she whispered, her voice trembling.

He nodded, his expression calm though his dark eyes showed understanding. “Do you have everything you need?” he asked quietly, his tone neutral so as not to draw attention.

She hesitated, her face flushing deeper. “I think so.”

Severus reached down to the floor beside his chair, picking up the discreet bag she always carried for such emergencies. With practiced ease, he handed it to her under the table. “Take this, just in case,” he said, his voice steady.

She took it quickly, her fingers brushing his in the exchange. “Thank you,” she murmured, her eyes cast downward.

“Go,” he said gently, giving her the slightest nod.

Olivia stood, clutching the bag close to her chest as she walked out of the Great Hall. She kept her head down, avoiding eye contact with anyone. She imagined every pair of eyes on her, every whisper now about her sudden departure. Her cheeks burned with shame.

As the heavy doors closed behind her, she let out a shaky breath. Tears pricked at her eyes, but she forced herself to keep moving. She couldn’t let herself break down—not here, not now.

Back at the staff table, Severus’s gaze followed her until the doors shut behind her. He leaned back in his chair, his expression unreadable to anyone who might glance his way. Across the hall, Lockhart’s smirk grew wider, his eyebrows raising as if to silently mock the situation.

Severus’s jaw tightened, but he resisted the urge to lash out. Instead, he poured himself a goblet of wine, his movements deliberate and calm. When he finally looked back at Lockhart, his gaze was sharp as a blade, his disdain clear.

Lockhart’s smirk faltered, if only slightly. Severus allowed himself the faintest flicker of satisfaction before returning to his meal.

Meanwhile, Olivia made her way to the staff restroom. Once inside, she locked the door and leaned against it, her breathing ragged. The tears she had been holding back spilled over, and she pressed her hand to her mouth to muffle the sound of her sobs.

**Why can’t I just be normal?** she thought bitterly.

After a moment, she forced herself to gather her composure. She set her bag on the counter and pulled out what she needed, her movements mechanical. She focused on the task at hand, pushing the humiliation to the back of her mind.

When she was done, she splashed cold water on her face and looked at herself in the mirror. Her reflection looked tired, the strain of the week evident in her eyes. She took a deep breath, straightened her posture, and told herself she could handle this. She had to.

By the time she returned to Severus’s quarters that evening, the weight of the day had left her utterly exhausted. Severus was waiting for her, as he always did, a book in hand and a glass of wine on the table.

When she walked in, he immediately set the book down and stood, his eyes scanning her face. “Are you all right?” he asked, his voice low and gentle.

She nodded, but her eyes filled with tears again as she set her bag on the floor. “I just… I hate this, Severus,” she admitted, her voice breaking.

He crossed the room in two strides, pulling her into his arms. “I know,” he murmured, holding her tightly. “But you’re stronger than this, Olivia. Don’t let them break you.”

She buried her face in his chest, letting his steady presence calm her racing thoughts. “I’m trying,” she whispered.

“You’re doing more than trying,” he said firmly, tilting her chin up so she had to meet his gaze. “You’re enduring. And that takes more strength than most people will ever understand.”

She managed a small smile, leaning into his touch. “Thank you,” she said softly.

“Always,” he replied, brushing a kiss against her forehead.

For now, it was enough.

Chapter 58

The day was unusually lively, with spring sunlight streaming into the dungeon classroom, casting an ethereal glow on the usually dim space. Olivia stood by the front of the room, her robes pristine, her wand tapping gently against the edge of her desk as she explained a potion technique to the class.

Severus stood to her left, back from his suspension with his arms crossed, surveying the students with his trademark piercing gaze. His mere presence kept the majority of the class in line, though a few students still whispered behind their cauldrons, occasionally sneaking glances at the professors.

Olivia noticed the whispers but paid them no mind. She was used to the attention by now. Rumors about her and Severus had been circulating for weeks, but she’d grown adept at brushing them off. The students were curious, but it wasn’t their business, and she refused to let it affect her teaching.

“Professor Black?” a hesitant voice called.

She turned her attention to a Ravenclaw boy, his hand raised timidly.

“Yes, Mr. Addison?”

“I was just wondering… are you and Professor Snape going to be okay?”

The question hung in the air, silencing the quiet whispers. Olivia blinked, caught off guard by the unexpected directness.

“Excuse me?” she asked, her tone even but curious.

The boy glanced nervously at Snape, then back at Olivia. “I mean, there’s been… talk. About the two of you. And I guess some of us were just worried—”

“That,” Severus cut in sharply, his voice slicing through the room like a blade, “is none of your concern.”

The students shrank back, intimidated by his glare. The tension was palpable, and Olivia quickly stepped in to smooth it over.

“Let’s stay focused on the lesson,” she said with a warm smile, trying to redirect the energy.

But before she could continue, another student raised her hand.

“Professor Black?”

Olivia hesitated but nodded. “Yes, Miss Greene?”

The Gryffindor girl twirled a quill in her fingers, clearly working up the courage to speak. “Are you two going to get married?”

The question sent a ripple of murmurs through the classroom. Olivia’s cheeks flushed slightly, but she managed to keep her composure.

“That’s personal business, Miss Greene,” Olivia replied with a light chuckle. “Now, unless you have questions about the potion…”

“But you’d make a cute couple!” someone piped up from the back, followed by a chorus of giggles.

Severus scowled, his dark eyes narrowing at the source of the comment. “Enough!” he barked, his voice echoing off the dungeon walls. “You’re here to learn, not gossip like dimwitted fools. Back to work!”

The class scrambled to comply, heads down as they returned to their cauldrons. Olivia exhaled, relieved to regain control of the room.

But just as she stepped closer to inspect a student’s potion, she felt the telltale warmth spreading through her robes. It wasn’t an unfamiliar sensation, but it always caught her off guard. Her expression remained calm as she discreetly reached into her pocket for a handkerchief.

“Excuse me for a moment,” she said casually, her voice steady.

Severus immediately stepped closer, his dark eyes scanning her with concern. “Do you have what you need?” he murmured, handing her a small satchel from behind his desk.

Olivia nodded, taking the bag gratefully. “I do. Thank you.”

With her head held high, she left the room, ignoring the brief glances from her students. She had long since learned not to let moments like this embarrass her. Accidents happened, and she wasn’t going to let it define her.

When she returned to the classroom a few minutes later, the students were quiet, diligently working on their potions. Severus had clearly kept them in line.

“Where were we?” Olivia asked, resuming her place at the front of the room as if nothing had happened.

The class continued without further interruptions, though Olivia couldn’t help but notice the faintest hint of pride in Severus’s eyes as he glanced at her. She had handled herself with poise and confidence, and he admired her all the more for it.

*007*2025-03-08 19:10

(Do not read if previous chapters aren't approved.)

Chapter 61

Olivia sat on the edge of her bed, her resignation letter lying on the desk in front of her. The words on the parchment blurred as tears filled her eyes, but she refused to cry again. Her heart ached, raw and heavy, as the events of the last few days replayed in her mind. Severus’s harsh words echoed in her ears, cutting her deeper each time she remembered them. She couldn’t do this anymore.

After sealing the envelope with a shaky hand, she took a deep breath and stood, her legs weak beneath her. She made her way to Dumbledore’s office, every step feeling like it might crumble beneath her.

When she handed the letter to Dumbledore, she felt a strange sense of both relief and dread. His piercing blue eyes scanned the parchment before he looked up at her, his expression kind yet deeply concerned.

“Miss Black,” he began softly, “are you absolutely certain this is what you want?”

Olivia hesitated, her resolve wavering for a moment. She could feel the weight of his words, his disappointment lingering unspoken. “Yes,” she said finally, her voice barely above a whisper. “I think it’s best for everyone.”

Dumbledore folded the letter carefully and placed it on his desk. “You’ve been an exceptional addition to Hogwarts. Your dedication, your compassion—they are not easily replaced.”

Tears stung her eyes, but she blinked them away. “Thank you, Headmaster.”

“If you ever change your mind,” he said, his voice tinged with regret, “you will always have a place here.”

Olivia nodded quickly, murmuring her thanks again before hurrying out of the office, her chest tightening with every step.

By the time she entered the classroom later that day, Olivia was emotionally drained. The room felt colder, the chatter of the students a dull hum in her ears. She stood at the front, her shoulders stiff, her usual gentle smile nowhere to be found.

Severus was already there, his presence a dark, imposing figure beside her. He cast her a glance, his sharp features softening slightly as he noticed her distant expression. But she didn’t meet his gaze, instead focusing on the lesson plan before her.

As the students settled, the lesson began. Olivia and Severus taught in unison, their voices alternating as they explained the brewing process for a complex potion. But the air between them was tense, and even the students seemed to notice.

About halfway through the class, a student hesitantly raised his hand. Severus turned to him with his usual curt tone. “What is it?”

The boy hesitated, glancing nervously at Olivia before asking, “Are you two going to be okay?”

The question hit Olivia like a blow, and for a moment, she froze. Severus’s expression darkened, his lips thinning as his sharp gaze fixed on the boy.

“That,” he said coldly, “is none of your business.”

Silence fell over the classroom, but before they could move on, another student spoke up. “Is that why Professor Black hasn’t been happy? Because you two aren’t okay?”

Olivia’s cheeks flushed, her heart pounding as murmurs spread through the room. She held up a hand, trying to regain control. “We’re not discussing that,” she said firmly, though her voice trembled slightly.

The students exchanged glances, undeterred. “You two go so well together,” one of them blurted out, a few nodding in agreement.

Olivia felt her face heat further, a mixture of embarrassment and something else—something more painful. She forced a tight smile. “That’s personal business. Let’s get back to the lesson, please.”

The class quieted down, but Olivia could still feel their curious gazes on her. She tried to focus, but her mind was elsewhere.

When the lesson finally ended, the students filed out, leaving Olivia and Severus alone in the room. The tension between them was suffocating. Severus turned to her, his dark eyes narrowing.

“Are you planning to continue this... charade of silence?” he asked, his voice low but cutting.

Olivia set down the parchment she was holding and turned to him, her expression resolute. “There’s no charade, Severus.”

He crossed his arms, his brow furrowing. “Then explain to me why you’ve been acting like a ghost.”

Olivia took a deep breath, her hands trembling. “You don’t have to worry about me anymore,” she said, her voice calm but cold. “I handed in my resignation this morning. I’ll be leaving for Spain next week.”

For a moment, Severus was silent, his usual impenetrable mask faltering. His eyes widened slightly, the faintest flicker of hurt crossing his face. “You’re leaving?”

“Yes,” she said, her tone sharp. “You’ll have full control of everything again. Isn’t that what you wanted?”

His jaw clenched, and for a moment, he looked away, struggling to compose himself. When he spoke, his voice was quieter, laced with anger and something deeper. “You think I wanted this?”

“I don’t know what you want anymore,” Olivia said, her voice trembling. “But I can’t stay here. The fighting, the rumors, the constant tension... It’s too much.”

Severus’s hands curled into fists at his sides. “So you’re running away.”

“Maybe I am,” she admitted, tears welling in her eyes. “But I can’t do this, Severus. You threw everything we had in my face. You made me feel... disposable.”

His expression twisted in pain, but he quickly masked it with a scowl. “You’re being dramatic.”

“No, I’m protecting myself,” she shot back, her voice breaking. “I may not be able to control a lot of things in my life, but I'm controlling this. I hope you’re happy, Severus. You’ve made your point. You always win.”

Without waiting for a response, Olivia turned and left the room, her footsteps echoing in the silence.

Severus stood there, staring after her, his mind racing. For the first time in years, he felt utterly powerless....and it terrified him.

Chapter 62

The bar was dimly lit, filled with the low hum of conversation and the occasional clink of glass against wood. Severus Snape sat at a corner table, shrouded in shadows, his long fingers wrapped around a half-empty glass of firewhisky. He hadn’t planned to spend his evening here, but the oppressive silence of his quarters had been unbearable.

He swirled the amber liquid, his dark eyes fixed on the swirling patterns. The burn of the alcohol wasn’t enough to drown out the gnawing ache in his chest. Olivia’s face lingered in his mind—her anger, her tears, her words that had cut him to the bone. He had driven her away, pushed her to the brink, and now he stood at a precipice, unsure whether he could pull her back.

A flash of movement caught his attention. Across the room, a woman entered, her presence commanding the space without effort. She had fiery red hair that tumbled over her shoulders in loose waves and an air of confidence that was almost magnetic. Her emerald-green dress clung to her figure, and her lips were painted a bold crimson.

Severus’s gaze lingered, and to his surprise, she noticed. Their eyes met briefly, and she offered a small, knowing smile. He quickly looked away, cursing himself for being so obvious.

Moments later, she appeared at his table, her perfume—a sweet mix of jasmine and vanilla—wafting around him. “Mind if I join you?”

Severus raised an eyebrow, his voice curt. “The bar is full of empty seats. Surely you can find another.”

She laughed lightly, ignoring his tone as she slid into the chair opposite him. “I could. But you look far more interesting than anyone else here.”

Her boldness caught him off guard. He took a sip of his drink, regarding her coolly. “I assure you, I’m far from interesting.”

She leaned forward, resting her chin on her hand. “You don’t believe that, do you? You have this air about you—dark, mysterious, and brooding. It’s intriguing.”

Severus fought the urge to roll his eyes. “Is that your usual approach? Flatter a stranger until they feel compelled to entertain you?”

Her lips curled into a smirk. “Only when the stranger looks like they could use some entertainment.”

Despite himself, he chuckled softly, a sound that surprised even him. There was something disarming about her, something that made him lower his guard just slightly.

Severus turned to her fully, his dark eyes meeting hers. She was young, vibrant, and uninhibited. She exuded the kind of energy he hadn’t felt in years. There was no pain in her gaze, no baggage or heartbreak. She was fun. Easy. Desirable.

The conversation flowed easily from there. She was clever and quick-witted, her humor sharp enough to keep him engaged. She told him about her job as a freelance artist, her love of traveling, and her distaste for anything that resembled routine.

“And what about you?” she asked, her green eyes sparkling with curiosity. “What brings you here tonight?”

Severus hesitated, his fingers tightening around his glass. “A need for solitude.”

She laughed. “Interesting choice, considering you’re in a bar.”

Her laugh was bright, infectious, and Severus found himself relaxing slightly. “Perhaps solitude was the wrong word,” he admitted, his voice low.

She tilted her head, studying him. “So, you’re running from something.”

He didn’t respond, and she didn’t push. Instead, she leaned back in her chair, her smile turning playful. “You know, I’ve been watching you. You’re different from anyone else here.”

“Oh?” he said, arching an eyebrow.

“Yes,” she said, her voice dropping to a soft, teasing tone. “You carry yourself like someone who’s used to being in control. Someone who doesn’t let anyone tell them what to do.”

A faint smirk tugged at Severus’s lips. “And what makes you think you know me so well?”

She leaned closer, her emerald eyes locking onto his. “It’s in the way you sit, the way you look at people—like you’re sizing them up, deciding whether they’re worth your time.”

He chuckled darkly. “Perhaps I am.”

Their conversation continued, the tension between them growing. She touched his hand lightly as she spoke, her gaze lingering on his lips. Her confidence was intoxicating, and Severus found himself drawn to her in a way he hadn’t anticipated.

“You know,” she said, her voice dropping to a whisper, “we could leave. Go somewhere quieter. Somewhere… private.”

Severus’s breath hitched. The temptation was overwhelming. She was everything Olivia wasn’t—carefree, unburdened, and utterly detached from his world of chaos. For a fleeting moment, he considered it. He considered leaving with her, losing himself in her warmth, and forgetting the pain that had become his constant companion.

Her words struck a chord, sending a flicker of something dark and primal through him. She leaned closer, her perfume filling the space between them.

She stood, holding out her hand. “What do you say?”

Severus stared at her hand, his heart pounding. It would be so easy. So simple.

But then, as he looked into her vibrant green eyes, he saw only emptiness. Her touch lacked the familiarity he craved, her voice lacked the depth he needed.

And then Olivia’s face filled his mind—her laughter, her stubbornness, her ability to see through his carefully constructed walls. He thought of her flaws, her vulnerability, and the way she challenged him like no one else ever had.

Suddenly, the thought of touching this woman made his skin crawl. He didn’t want fun. He didn’t want easy. He wanted the messy, complicated, beautiful chaos that was Olivia. He wanted her stubbornness, her laughter, her infuriating ability to see through him.

He wanted her.

“I can’t,” he said abruptly, his voice firm.

The woman blinked, confused. “What?”

“I can’t,” he repeated, standing. He placed a few coins on the table and met her gaze, his expression unreadable. “Thank you for the conversation, but this isn’t what I want.”

Her lips parted as if to argue, but he was already turning away, his long strides carrying him out of the bar.

###

The night air was cold and biting, but it felt cleansing. Severus walked briskly, his mind racing. He had been seconds away from making a mistake he would have regretted for the rest of his life.

When he reached the castle, the familiar halls felt both comforting and suffocating. His quarters were dark and empty, a painful reminder of what he had lost.

He sank into his chair, his head in his hands. For the first time in years, Severus Snape felt truly powerless.

But as the hours passed and the ache in his chest grew unbearable, he knew one thing with certainty: he couldn’t let Olivia leave. Not like this.

He would fight for her, no matter the cost.

*008*2025-03-08 19:17

Chapter 63

Severus stood under the scalding spray of the shower, letting the water cascade over his head and shoulders. His hands were braced against the tiled wall, his hair plastered to his face, his breathing heavy. The weight of his actions—both past and present—pressed down on him like the steam filling the room.

He scrubbed his skin with an almost desperate intensity, as though he could wash away not just the scent of the bar but the temptation he had allowed himself to entertain. He had flirted with the idea of escape, of leaving behind the messy, complicated reality of his life with Olivia. But instead of solace, the memory left him feeling hollow and nauseated.

The woman at the bar had been easy—no complications, no baggage, no challenges. But that wasn’t what he wanted. That wasn’t what he needed. Olivia had flaws and fears, just as he did, but she also had a strength that matched his own. She was the only person who had ever truly seen him, the only person who had dared to love him despite his darkness.

The water turned cold, jolting him out of his thoughts. He turned it off and stepped out of the shower, wrapping a towel around his waist. As he caught his reflection in the fogged mirror, he barely recognized himself. His usual stern expression was replaced by something raw and vulnerable.

He dried off quickly and dressed, his hands trembling as he buttoned his shirt. The clock read 3:07 a.m., but he didn’t care. He couldn’t wait any longer. He needed to see her, to tell her everything.

The knock at Olivia’s door came with a sharp, firm urgency, breaking through the stillness of the night. Olivia stirred, groggy and disoriented, as the sound repeated, louder this time. She blinked at the clock on her nightstand: 3:07 a.m.

Grumbling, she threw on her pale blue dressing gown and shuffled to the door, her hair mussed from sleep. She opened it just enough to peek out, her irritation evident.

“Severus?” she said, her voice thick and weary. “What are you doing here? It’s the middle of the night.”

His dark figure loomed in the dim light of the corridor, shoulders hunched as though burdened by something heavy. He looked uncharacteristically disheveled—his shirt was hastily buttoned, his hair damp and slightly out of place. But it was his eyes that caught her attention: raw, intense, and pleading.

“I need to talk to you,” he said, his voice low but strained.

Olivia leaned against the doorframe, crossing her arms. “This couldn’t wait until morning?”

“No,” he said firmly. “It couldn’t.”

She sighed heavily, opening the door wider but not stepping aside. “Alright, what is it? Make it quick.”

He hesitated, his lips pressing into a thin line as if he were struggling to find the right words. Finally, he spoke.

“I’ve made a mess of everything,” he began, his tone heavy with self-reproach. “I’ve hurt you, Olivia, and I can’t forgive myself for that. But I couldn’t go another moment without telling you…” He swallowed hard, his hands clenching at his sides. “I love you.”

The words hung in the air, but Olivia’s expression didn’t soften. If anything, she looked more irritated.

“Severus,” she said, her tone sharp, “you think showing up at my door in the middle of the night, saying a few pretty words, is going to fix everything? You think that’s enough to undo what you said to me? The way you made me feel?”

“I don’t think it will fix anything,” he admitted, his voice cracking slightly. “But you deserve to know how I feel. And you deserve to hear me say that I was wrong. About everything.”

She shook her head, her arms tightening across her chest. “You were cruel, Severus. You knew exactly where to hit me to make it hurt the most. And now you’re here, what? Hoping I’ll just forget all of that because you decided you ‘love’ me?”

“I don’t expect you to forget,” he said quickly. “Or even to forgive me. But I couldn’t let you leave thinking that I didn’t care. Because I do, Olivia. More than I’ve ever cared about anyone in my life.”

Her eyes narrowed, her voice biting. “You have a funny way of showing it.”

He flinched, but he didn’t look away. “I know. And I’ll regret the things I said for the rest of my life. But you need to understand something, Olivia. I’ve spent my entire existence building walls, keeping everyone at a distance because it was safer that way. You’re the first person who’s ever made me want to tear those walls down. And when I realized how much I needed you, it terrified me.”

“Terrified you?” she repeated, her voice rising. “So you decided to lash out? To make me feel like I was nothing?”

“I was a coward,” he admitted, his voice barely above a whisper. “I let my fear and my pride control me, and I hurt the one person who means everything to me. And for that, I am truly sorry.”

Her lip quivered, but she held her ground. “You don’t get to waltz in here and say you’re sorry and expect everything to be okay. It doesn’t work like that, Severus.”

“I know,” he said. “But I couldn’t let you leave without telling you the truth. I couldn’t let you go without fighting for you, even if it’s too late.”

The words hung in the air, and for the first time, Olivia’s resolve seemed to falter. She looked down at the floor, her arms still crossed but her posture less rigid.

“I don’t know if I can trust you again,” she said softly. “You broke my heart, Severus. How do I know you won’t do it again?”

“You don’t,” he said honestly. “But I swear to you, Olivia, I will spend the rest of my life proving to you that you made the right choice in trusting me. If you give me the chance.”

She looked up at him then, her eyes glistening with unshed tears. “You’ve hurt me so much, Severus. I don’t even know where to begin.”

“Begin with this,” he said, taking a cautious step closer. “With me standing here, telling you that I love you. That I want to spend the rest of my life making you happy. And that I will never, ever take you for granted again.”

For a long moment, the only sound was the faint crackle of the torchlight in the corridor. Then, slowly, Olivia stepped aside, allowing him to enter.

“Come in,” she said softly, her voice tinged with hesitation.

Severus exhaled a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding and stepped inside. The door closed behind him with a soft click.

Chapter 63

Severus sat stiffly in the small chair by Olivia’s fireplace, his dark figure outlined by the soft orange glow of the flames. He watched her as she paced the room, her arms folded tightly across her chest. The tension between them was suffocating, the silence stretching far too long.

“Severus,” Olivia said finally, her voice low and measured, “you can’t just walk in here and expect me to pretend everything is fine. I can’t do that.”

“I don’t expect you to,” he said, his voice uncharacteristically quiet. “But I can’t let you leave. I won’t.”

She stopped pacing and turned to him, her brows furrowed. “You don’t get to make that decision for me. After everything that’s happened, you don’t get to decide what’s best for me.”

His jaw tightened, but he nodded. “You’re right. I don’t. But I need you to hear me, Olivia. I’ve spent the last few days spiraling, drinking myself into oblivion, and hating myself for what I said to you. For what I did. And I know I don’t deserve your forgiveness, but I’m begging you—”

“Begging?” she interrupted, her tone skeptical. “Since when does Severus Snape beg?”

“Since now,” he said firmly, his voice breaking slightly. He stood, his tall frame towering over her as he took a cautious step closer. “I’ve never begged for anything in my life, Olivia. Never. But for you? I’d get down on my knees if I thought it would make a difference.”

Her heart twisted at the raw vulnerability in his voice, but she held her ground. “Why now, Severus? Why not before you said those awful things to me? Why not before you made me feel like a burden, like I was nothing?”

“I was a fool,” he admitted, his dark eyes glistening with regret. “A stubborn, selfish fool. I let my own fears and insecurities cloud my judgment, and I lashed out at the one person who matters most to me.”

Olivia’s lips trembled, but she quickly pressed them together. “You hurt me, Severus. You broke my heart. Do you have any idea what that felt like?”

“Yes,” he said quietly, his voice filled with pain. “Because I’ve been living with that same pain every single day since. Olivia, I didn’t come into your life to ask invasive questions about your health condition, to take your innocence, and then leave you behind. That was never my intention.”

“Then what was your intention?” she demanded, her eyes narrowing. “Because it certainly didn’t feel like you wanted me forever when you said those things.”

He stepped closer, his voice soft but firm. “Forever, Olivia. That’s what I wanted. That’s what I still want. You are the most extraordinary person I’ve ever known, and if I have to give up every ounce of control in my life to keep you, then so be it. Because without you, none of it matters.”

Her breath hitched, her defenses wavering as she searched his face. “You… you want me forever?”

“Yes,” he said, his voice unwavering. “I want you with all your flaws, all your fears, and all your complexities. I want to wake up every morning with you by my side and fall asleep every night knowing you’re mine. I want it all, Olivia. With you.”

Tears welled in her eyes, but she quickly blinked them away. “And what happens when things get hard again, Severus? When I have another bad day or another accident? Are you going to throw it in my face like you did before?”

“Never,” he said with conviction. “I swear to you, Olivia, I will never make you feel that way again. I was an idiot, and I will spend the rest of my life making it up to you if you’ll let me.”

She turned away from him, her arms wrapping around herself as she tried to process his words. Her mind was a whirlwind of emotions—anger, sadness, hope, and love all swirling together.

“I don’t know if I can trust you,” she said softly, her back still to him.

“Then let me earn your trust,” he said, his voice desperate. “Let me prove to you that I’m not the same man who said those things. Let me show you that I can be better. For you.”

She didn’t respond, and the silence stretched between them. Finally, she turned to face him, her eyes filled with uncertainty.

“I don’t know if I’m ready to forgive you,” she said honestly.

“I’m not asking for forgiveness right now,” he said, stepping closer. “I’m asking for a chance to prove that I’m worth forgiving.”

Her gaze softened, and for the first time, she saw the depth of his regret, the sincerity in his eyes. “Severus…”

“I love you, Olivia,” he said, his voice trembling. “More than I’ve ever loved anyone or anything. And I will spend every day of my life showing you that, if you’ll let me.”

Her defenses crumbled, and a single tear rolled down her cheek. “You really are an idiot, you know that?”

A small, relieved smile tugged at his lips. “I’ve been told as much.”

She let out a shaky laugh, wiping her tear away. “I’m not saying everything’s okay. But… maybe we can figure this out. Together.”

His chest tightened with emotion, and he nodded. “Together. Always.”

Chapter 64

The morning sunlight streamed into the Potions classroom as Severus Snape prepared for the day’s lesson, his dark robes billowing behind him as he moved with purpose. Despite the slight tension lingering between him and Olivia, there was something different about the air today—lighter, more hopeful.

Olivia entered a few minutes later, her hair pinned back and her arms laden with scrolls of parchment. She caught his eye and offered a tentative smile, one he returned with a subtle nod. It wasn’t much, but it was enough to make her heart skip.

As the students began filing in, Severus leaned against his desk, his sharp gaze fixed on Olivia. “Miss Black,” he said quietly, his tone casual but probing, “I couldn’t help but notice that your resignation letter hasn’t yet been rescinded.”

Olivia arched an eyebrow, feigning innocence as she arranged the parchment on her desk. “Hmm. Interesting observation, Professor Snape.”

He crossed his arms, his dark eyes narrowing playfully. “Care to enlighten me as to why that might be?”

She straightened, meeting his gaze with a mixture of defiance and amusement. “It depends.”

“On what, exactly?” he asked, his tone curious yet edged with impatience.

She tilted her head, her lips curving into a small smile. “On you.”

His eyebrows shot up, and a rare, genuine smirk tugged at the corner of his mouth. “On me, is it? And what, pray tell, must I do to ensure you stay?”

“Oh, I don’t know,” she said with mock deliberation, tapping her chin as if deep in thought. “Perhaps grovel a bit more. Maybe bring me breakfast in bed. Or…” She leaned slightly closer, her voice dropping to a teasing whisper. “You could try smiling once in a while.”

“Smiling?” he repeated, his tone laced with mock horror. “I believe I’m physically incapable of such a thing.”

Olivia chuckled, the sound light and infectious. “Well, then, I suppose I’ll just have to reconsider my options.”

“Miss Black,” he said, his voice dropping to that familiar silken tone that always sent shivers down her spine, “you are insufferable.”

“And yet, here I am,” she quipped, her eyes sparkling with mischief.

Before he could respond, the bell rang, signaling the start of class. Students quickly took their seats, and the light-hearted banter between them was replaced with the usual hum of academic activity.

As the lesson progressed, Olivia found herself stepping into her usual rhythm, moving among the students with ease as she checked their progress on the day’s potion. Severus, too, seemed more at ease, his sharp critiques softened just enough to be constructive rather than biting.

At one point, a Gryffindor student accidentally added too much powdered asphodel to their cauldron, causing a puff of purple smoke to billow out. Severus swooped in immediately, his voice stern but measured as he corrected the mistake. Olivia suppressed a smile as she watched him work, her heart warming at the sight of his dedication.

By the end of the class, the students had produced a surprisingly consistent batch of antidotes, and Severus called the lesson to a close with a curt nod of approval.

“Well done today,” Olivia said as the students filed out. “I’d say that was one of our better classes.”

“I suppose it was adequate,” Severus replied, his tone indifferent, though the small glint in his eyes betrayed his satisfaction.

She rolled her eyes. “You could at least admit it went well, you know.”

“I’ll admit no such thing,” he said, his lips twitching slightly.

Olivia shook her head, laughing softly. “You’re impossible.”

“And yet, here you are,” he echoed her earlier words, his voice carrying a hint of warmth.

Their eyes met, and for a moment, the weight of the past few weeks seemed to lift. Olivia felt her resolve wavering, the idea of leaving Hogwarts and Severus becoming harder to imagine.

As they began cleaning up the classroom, Severus glanced at her and said quietly, “You belong here, Olivia. With me.”

She paused, her hands stilling on the parchment she was gathering. Looking at him, she saw not just the sharp-tongued professor but the man who had fought for her, who had bared his soul and admitted his faults.

“I’ll think about it,” she said softly, a small smile playing on her lips.

He nodded, satisfied for now. “Good.”

As they finished their work and prepared for the next lesson, a sense of calm settled over the room. For the first time in weeks, they felt like a team again, their connection stronger than ever. And though the future was uncertain, they both knew one thing for sure: they were better together than apart.

*009*2025-03-08 19:23

Chapter 65

The rain outside had settled into a soft drizzle by the time Severus and Olivia sat across from each other in his quarters, the faint scent of tea mingling with the cool air. The tension from their earlier confessions had dissipated, replaced by something softer, more tender. They had opened their hearts to each other, but there was one lingering topic neither had broached—what would happen when summer came.

Severus cleared his throat, his fingers curling around the edge of his chair as he leaned forward. His dark eyes, usually so inscrutable, were filled with uncharacteristic vulnerability.

“I’ve been thinking,” he began, his voice steady but quieter than usual, “about what you said before. About staying with me this summer.”

Olivia tilted her head, watching him carefully. “And?”

A small, almost self-deprecating smirk tugged at his lips. “You’re right. It’s... improper, isn’t it? Two people living together under one roof when they’re not even married.”

Her heart sank, and she quickly looked down at her hands. She hadn’t expected him to say that, not after everything they’d just been through. “I didn’t mean it like that,” she said softly, her voice tinged with uncertainty. “I was just... nervous. It’s a big step.”

“It is,” he agreed, his tone contemplative. “And perhaps it’s one we shouldn’t take lightly.”

Silence stretched between them, the only sound the faint tapping of the rain against the windows. Olivia’s mind raced, replaying the arguments they’d had, the moments of connection they’d shared, and the way she had felt when he wasn’t by her side. She realized she had been leaning toward moving in with him before their fight. Despite everything, the idea of living with him at Spinner’s End had felt... right.

But now, it seemed the decision had been made for her.

She opened her mouth to respond, but Severus spoke again, his voice firm yet oddly gentle.

“That’s why,” he said, leaning back in his chair and folding his hands in his lap, “we’re going to have to get married.”

Her head snapped up, her eyes wide with shock. “What?”

He arched an eyebrow, his expression calm despite the weight of his words. “You heard me. If it’s propriety you’re worried about, then I see only one solution.”

Her heart was pounding so loudly she was sure he could hear it. “Severus, are you... proposing to me?”

His lips twitched into the faintest smile. “I believe I am.”

She stared at him, utterly stunned. Of all the outcomes she had imagined for this conversation, this had not been one of them.

“Well?” he prompted, his tone teasing but his eyes betraying a flicker of nervousness. “Say yes.”

But then, as if catching himself, he shook his head and leaned forward again. “No. Don’t say yes because I told you to. Say what you want. You're in control, Olivia.”

Her breath caught in her throat as she processed his words. She looked into his eyes, those deep, intense eyes that had seen so much pain and still dared to hope for happiness.

“I... I want to say yes,” she whispered, her voice trembling. “I want to be with you, Severus. Forever.”

Relief washed over his face, and for a moment, he looked younger, as though a weight had been lifted from his shoulders. He reached across the table to take her hand, his touch warm and steady.

“Good,” he said softly, his thumb brushing against her knuckles.

“But,” she added quickly, her cheeks flushing, “I don’t want a wedding. I don’t like the idea of people staring at me or having all those eyes on us. It’s too much.”

To her surprise, he chuckled—a low, genuine sound that made her chest tighten. “I’m thankful for that, because I feel the same way.”

“You do?”

“Of course. The idea of parading around in front of people I barely tolerate sounds like a nightmare,” he said dryly. “But if it’s what you wanted, I’d endure it.”

She smiled, a soft, radiant smile that made his heart ache. “I don’t want that. I just want you. That’s all I’ve ever wanted.”

“And you have me,” he said firmly, his voice filled with conviction. “Now and always.”

They sat there for a long moment, the world outside forgotten. The rain continued to fall, a gentle rhythm that mirrored the steady beating of their hearts.

Finally, Olivia broke the silence. “So... what happens now?”

“Well,” he said, a mischievous glint in his eyes, “I believe it’s customary to seal an engagement with a kiss.”

She laughed, the sound light and full of joy. “Is that so?”

“It is,” he said, leaning closer. “And who am I to break with tradition?”

Their lips met in a soft, lingering kiss, the promise of forever passing silently between them.

And in that moment, under the gray skies of a rainy spring day, they knew they had found something rare and precious—something worth losing control for.

*010*2025-03-08 19:30

Chapter 66

The morning sunlight streamed through the tall windows of Severus’s quarters, illuminating the subtle touches of warmth Olivia had added since moving more of her belongings in. A soft throw draped over the arm of his reading chair, a vase of fresh flowers on the corner of his desk, and, most notably, her presence. It was strange, Severus thought, how quickly he had grown used to the idea of sharing his space with her.

She stood before him now, smoothing the skirt of a pale blue dress she’d chosen to wear. It wasn’t extravagant—just a simple, modest dress that ended below her knees—but it flattered her figure in a way that made his chest tighten. Her hair was pinned back with a delicate clip, and she looked every bit as radiant as the spring morning outside.

“Is it too much?” she asked, turning slightly to show him the outfit.

Severus shook his head, his eyes raking over her with appreciation. “Not at all. You look lovely.”

She smiled, a soft blush creeping into her cheeks. “I thought I should dress modestly....I'm yours after all."

Her words made his heart skip a beat. She wasn’t teasing—she meant it, and the realization filled him with a sense of pride and possessiveness that he didn’t bother to suppress. “Yours,” he repeated, stepping closer to her. “That’s a sentiment I can agree with wholeheartedly.”

She laughed softly, brushing her fingers against his arm. “Good. Then let’s go. It’s too beautiful outside to stay cooped up indoors.”

He offered her his arm, and they left the castle together, their footsteps echoing through the stone corridors as they made their way to the grounds.

The spring air was crisp and carried the faint scent of blooming flowers. The students were scattered across the grounds, some studying under the trees, others playing games or simply enjoying the warmth of the sun. Severus and Olivia kept to the quieter paths, their pace unhurried as they walked side by side.

“I don’t think I’ve seen you out here like this before,” Olivia remarked, glancing up at him. “You always seem so... contained within the castle walls.”

He smirked, tucking his hands behind his back. “I’m not particularly fond of aimless wandering. But I’ll make an exception for you.”

“How generous of you,” she teased, bumping her shoulder lightly against his arm.

They walked in comfortable silence for a while, the sound of birdsong and distant laughter filling the gaps between their words. Olivia occasionally tugged at the skirt of her dress, smoothing it. Severus noticed and couldn’t help but feel a swell of admiration for her.

“You’ll make an amazing wife,” he said suddenly, his voice low but certain.

She stopped walking and turned to look at him, her expression caught between surprise and curiosity. “Do you really think so?”

“I know so,” he said, meeting her gaze with unwavering intensity. “You’re kind, intelligent, and far more patient with me than I deserve. If anyone is suited to endure a lifetime with me, it’s you.”

Her lips curved into a soft smile, and she reached for his hand. “You make it sound like such a chore.”

He chuckled, a rare and genuine sound. “I’m merely acknowledging the challenges that come with my... temperament. But I’m also confident in your ability to handle them.”

“Well,” she said, lacing her fingers with his, “I’m glad you have such faith in me. And for what it’s worth, I think you’ll make a wonderful husband. Even if you are a bit grumpy sometimes.”

“Grumpy?” he repeated, raising an eyebrow.

She laughed, the sound light and melodic. “It’s part of your charm.”

They continued walking, the path winding through the gardens and past the lake. Olivia paused occasionally to admire the flowers or the way the sunlight reflected off the water. Severus found himself watching her more than the scenery, marveling at how effortlessly she fit into his life.

As they reached a quiet spot near the edge of the lake, Olivia sat on a flat rock, smoothing her dress over her knees. Her cauldron bracelet, now back in it's rightful place, glittering in the sunlight. Severus remained standing, his hands tucked into his pockets as he looked out over the water.

“It’s strange, isn’t it?” she said, breaking the silence.

“What is?”

“Thinking about the future,” she said softly. “It’s always felt so uncertain to me. But now... now it feels like there’s a clear path ahead. And it’s a little scary.”

He turned to her, his expression softening. “It’s natural to feel that way. But you don’t have to face it alone anymore.”

She looked up at him, her eyes shining with emotion. “I know. And that makes all the difference.”

He sat beside her, their shoulders brushing as they stared out at the lake together. For a moment, neither of them spoke, content to simply exist in the quiet peace of the moment.

Finally, Olivia broke the silence. “Do you think we’ll always be like this? Just... happy?”

He glanced at her, his dark eyes filled with something she could only describe as hope. “If I have anything to say about it, yes.”

She smiled, leaning her head against his shoulder. “Good. Because I don’t think I could stand to be apart from you again.”

“You won’t have to be,” he promised, his voice steady and sure. “Not as long as I can help it.”

And for the first time in her life, Olivia felt like she didn't yearn for control. She could let go & just.....be.

The End

Sorry if it sucked. Hopefully it made some people happy. I literally have tons of oneshots to share & lots & lots of wetting now that I've posted their story.

*012*2025-03-18 15:59

I'm trying to post the missing chapters without getting flagged for approval, but it won't let me !!!!!

And I will update with oneshots !

Is it okay if some are omo & some aren't ? I'm like....obsessed with them as a couple 😂❤️

ALSO if you really really need to read, this IS posted on Wattpad & every chapter is on there.

%https://www.wattpad.com/story/389740068?utm_source=android&utm_medium=link&utm_content=share_reading&wp_page=reading_list_details&wp_uname=WolfieO

