The Locker Room Labyrinth - Omorashi fiction - Omorashi

Author: Wormhole67

*000*2021-01-03 07:19

Hi, so this is my first time writing and I can't guarantee that whatever this is it will be pursued fervently, but I want to do something a little bit more creative with my thoughts regarding my sexuality and this scenario has played out in my dreams enough that I want to start with it. 

Warning, there will be sexual content but not in every chapter, and there will be lots of nudity, but the nudity will not always be sexual. This is not an omorashi first story either, and although omorashi will be included because it is a fetish of mine, it will not be featured in every chapter nor be a major plot point, at least at the beginning. I also have a mild form of Asperger's syndrome, so I feel that I will be able to create better characters that are more similar to me in the way I think, as opposed to neurotypical character that are often difficult for me to grasp. I will initially keep all characters above 18, however if it seems safe to do so I will include ages 15 and up, not because I am particularly attracted to people that young as a 20 year old cis straight white male, but more because I am particularly attracted to people who haven't quite figured out their sexuality, are shyer, and retain youthful attitudes, and this is easier to write in with younger characters. But for now I will stick to 18. I'd appreciate feedback if possible! 

Chapter 1: Elisa and Saturday Night at the gym 

Elisa had just started her first year at her university. Although far from her home in New Jersey, she was excited to begin a life of her own and adventure to new places, both physically and mentally. She had grown up in a very religious household, and although everyone in the household was practicing, her parents were good enough to her that they were not too overbearing. Her father was Puerto Rican and her mother was Dominican, and they had met in English class shortly after each of them moved to the USA. Elisa was the oldest having turned 18 last week, and she had one younger sister who was starting 8th grade at age 13, and a brother starting 4th grade at age 9. Although she loved her family very much, the day to day ruses in her household were difficult to manage at times, and she was looking forward to a change of scenery. 

Elisa's life was complicated as lives should be. There was nothing terrible, tragic, or traumatic about it but life is existentially hard to comprehend, especially in Elisa's case of a mild form of Asperger's syndrome, which gave her a depth of knowledge about a plethora of topics, including politics, geography, public transportation, art history, and really almost anything. Some people considered her to lack personality and be emotionally stoic due to the vast majority conversational interactions being infused with random facts and snippets. But apart from how she might be perceived, Elisa is a very emotional person. Well, not usually outwardly although she does cry from time to time in her bedroom. But like most people with Asperger's, Elisa had chronic depression. It was nothing severe and a manageable mental illness, but it made her feel even more isolated in the way she sees the world. Her quest at this stage in her life is to understand the world as best she can from observation and curiosity. At home she frequently took trips on the PATH to go to New York, and starting in high school she got a bike that could transport her to many medium distance places in North Jersey. But because her family was poor, they could not afford a car, so Elisa did not have a driver's license. That was okay for her though, because she was content with the current situation. For Elisa, life is hard, but the joyful moments make it worth living. 

As a practicing and believing Catholic, Elisa was well versed on the acts that should be avoided to prevent sin. She was not naïve to the nature of sex, but rather discouraged from participating in anything too promiscuous. Her mother had taught her about it when she was 9 in anticipation of menstruation, and since then she has read quite a bit on the topic and understands human nature when it comes to sexual matters. She has been catcalled or stared at more times than she could count while in public, and while these definitely bother her, she has not been protruded from participating in activities she loves because of it. However, as much as she understands sex from a knowledge standpoint, Elisa is rather unpracticed when it comes to understanding her own sexuality. In high school she also participated in an activity called drum and bugle corps or "drum corps" for short, and while there she had to get used to the idea of communal showers. Being naked in the presence of other girls her age was something she was used to and could tolerate, and as a result she was very comfortable in her own body. There she also discovered that she is mostly straight with perhaps a slight curiosity towards women. But her alone time is limited at her house, and because of the religious nature of her household, she does not want to risk anything about her sexuality being found out by her parents. The only time she ever gets time to herself is in the bathroom because her bedroom is shared with her sister, and she has a habit of taking long showers for the purpose of getting herself off. She knows of at least one fetish of hers, that being omorashi and pee holding. Though she has done it herself a few times, she finds herself most turned on when she sees guys struggle to hold it. It is this that gets her off half the time, whether she is reading or watching erotic material on her phone in the bathroom or just in the shower playing. However, she has not yet had a boyfriend, she has not yet seen a guy naked, and she has not often gone to any parties with people her age. Her parents seldom had to worry about Elisa's doings outside the house due to her Asperger's making many of the risky activities unappealing. Elisa hoped to change some of this at college though. She hoped to get a boyfriend, though she didn't want to force it, rather have it happen organically instead. She also hoped to see a guy naked at some point and/or attend a party of some sort, not to be risky with herself, but instead to observe. This really was a new stage in her life. 

Elisa had just enrolled in a small-ish liberal arts college in upstate New York near the Adirondacks (this is no particular real life school, I'm basing the school size off my own but I don't want to reveal where I am enrolled, so I picked the Adirondacks because the setting feels right). She got in on scholarships, both for her intellect and her status as the first in the family to attend college. The first week of classes have gone well so far, and the weekend has finally arrived. Elisa spent most of Saturday playing games and watching TV with her roommate, Jordyn. Her roommate and she also did some homework, but after a while they had both gotten tired and decided to move onto TV. 

This first week, Elisa had discovered that the fitness center was open 24 hours. One simply needed to tap their card and they were allowed in. The same was also true for the pool, however you needed to prove your ability to swim in order to go in without a lifeguard. (There was a multi campus lifeguard standby program so that appropriate lifeguards could be notified if the cameras showed something in which someone needed to intervene. If it was required, there was a button that could drain the entire pool at a high flow rate to provide air to any drowning victims. There was also a breathalyzer that would lock access to any inebriated students). Elisa took the test on Thursday and she now has swipe access to the pool for 24 hours. She found that exercising at night was the best way for her to be active and blow off steam. Fewer people were working out at midnight, making any semblance of social anxiety rest easy on her. She would typically arrive to the gym at 11:30, run on the treadmill for 20 minutes, do weights for 15 minutes, then go to the locker room, change into her swimsuit, use the pool for 15 minutes, come back to the locker room, shower, change into her pajamas, and head back to her dorm to go to bed. She had worked out every day this week except Wednesday, and she used the pool on Thursday and Friday. Her routine was beginning to set itself in and she was starting to get used to the schedule. 

It was 11:20 on Saturday when Elisa got ready to go to the gym. She got changed into her workout clothes (a purple tank top, white sports bra, gray yoga pants that cut off at the thigh as well as neon yellow spandex boy shorts underneath), and was about to say bye to Jordyn until she realized Jordyn was passed out watching TV in the lounge. Elisa walked by Jordyn, out the door, and over to the fitness center. She was carrying her bag with her swimsuit and pajamas, as well as her large water bottle. Her towel and shower supplies she kept in a locker at the fitness center. On her way over to the gym, she heard lots of voices and screaming all around her. It was yet another party night on campus, and although Elisa was curious, she persisted to the gym. She arrived to the locker room and dropped off all her nonessential items for working out. She realized she needed to pee but then a thought occurred to her: she hadn't indulged herself at all since arriving to campus, mostly because she was rarely ever alone. Perhaps she could play a game with herself and hold her pee as long as she could while working out so that she could release some sexual libido before heading back to her dorm. 

Consequently, that's what Elisa decided to do. She laid all of her belongings in her locker except for her water bottle, phone, earbuds, and face towel and walked out of the locker room toward the gym. 

Elisa drank about a third of a 1.5 liter bottle before she started running on the treadmill. 5 minutes in she started getting cramps and realized that she really should have stretched if she were to drink that much. Cramps aside, she made it through all 20 minutes and began to feel a slight twinge in her bladder. The gym was fairly sparse with only about 10 people working out, so there was no need to wait for any equipment. Elisa drank another 300mL or so before starting her quick weight routine. She did her biceps and shoulders with moderately heavy dumbbells (for her size and gender), and then moved onto the tricep machine. Elisa drank another 200mL before the triceps, followed by another 200mL after. It helped that her body needed the water, so it was absorbed into her system quickly preventing bloating and other discomfort. Elisa usually finished her gym portion after the triceps, but because she was feeling so mischievous and because her bladder was starting to give her warning signs, she fathomed another idea: she would do a few reps of the seated knee raise machine to challenge herself. Elisa walked over to the machine, set the weight at the right level and began the reps. Around the 7th or 8th rep she felt another twinge in her urethra that lasted a few seconds. She could feel the fluids building up and the pleasure mounting. As she raised her knees on the 8th rep she shivered and shuddered as her need to pee was ringing the doorbell in her brain. On her tenth and final rep, she let out a soft moan, uncharacteristic for her as she tends to be quite quiet in public, before finally relaxing. She didn't need to go so bad that she was in danger of spurting, but the experience was scary and exhilarating nonetheless. It wouldn't exactly be accurate to say Elisa was dry either, as the garments that covered her nether regions were already fairly damp from sweat since the treadmill. But perhaps her boys gotta were slightly damper because of the juices that may have escaped as her labia parted and lubricated itself. 

After her indulgence with the leg raising machine, Elisa was ready to return to her locker to prepare for the short swim. On the way over, she finished her final 300mL and refilled the water bottle. She was thinking about how excited and antsy she felt about what she was doing, being in public was especially energizing. She passed a guy who was walking into the gym and couldn't help but bite her lip at the small protruberance visible in his black running shorts. She had never seen a bare penis before except in images and some rated R movies, but she was yet inclined to lay her own eyes on a real one. Wouldn't it be something if I could catch one while I was here today. What if I were to walk into the locker room and see a guy just standing there playing with it? Elisa thought to herself. Alas, this fantasy lived up to its designation as a fantasy, and she arrived to an empty women's locker room as usual. Usual, however, was the baritone audiation emanating from the right side of the locker room, where the toilets and showers were. She realized that she could hear any conversation coming from the men's side, and the their toilets were likely opposite the women's as the conversation seemed to be more of an echo. Elisa discovered the vent in the wall that carried the sound she out her ear up to it and listened in. 

"Yo, you ready?" said one guy. 

"Nah man, Imma take a piss first. Them white claws gotta come out one way o 'nother, and I ain't be barfin' today" said the other. Elisa noticed that the end of this clause seemed slightly louder than the beginning, indicating that it was directed closer to her. 

"Aight man, 'll see ya inside" the first replied. 

Elisa heard a door creak and some footsteps walk toward her. The vent she was at was in the southeast corner of the room if north were the direction you face when you walk in. She heard some nasal breathing near the east side of the women's room, the west side of the men's. She then heard the soft patter of the guys pee in the nearby urinal. It then coalesced into a solid tone indicative of a stream. Elisa couldnt ignore the urge to touch herself, and began to rub her damp yoga pants. Her need to pee was also slightly heightened, but not yet to the point of bursting. The stream in the urinal dragged on and Elisa kept rubbing herself through the fabric, feeling the pleasure of hearing a guy pee this close. The stream kept going and a small spurt escaped Elisa. She had trouble convincing herself not to continue the pleasurable feelings, but finally the stream tapered and Elisa calmed down. She then heard footsteps walk away and the door creak open and shut again. Ew, thought Elisa, if you're going to be that hot you should at least be hygienic about it. She inspected the squirt both visually and with her nose, and decided that she better get to the pool before she bursts and ruins her fun. Elisa removed her sneakers and socks and walked over to her locker, ready to begin her final exercise before sexual ecstasy. 

____ 

Sorry to leave it here, I intended to stop at a slightly different point but my hands are getting cold from typing and I want to have something posted before I continue so I can get some feedback. Let me know what you think! 

*002*2021-01-05 06:26

Chapter 2: The Pool 

Elisa felt butterflies in her stomach. Well, maybe not butterflies cause Elisa usually used them for anxiety, and this was more "antsiness." But ants wouldn't work either, cause she was excited more than she was worried. Luciérnagas! she thought. Fireflies, That's a good insect. 

As Elisa stood by her locker she removed her sweaty leggings and purple tank top. She looked at herself in the full size mirror on the wall. Dang, I might not be the most attractive person ever, but I think someone ought to think I look sexy. Elisa was of course only wearing her white sports bra and neon yellow boyshorts. She couldn't help but notice that the bottom of her boyshorts was ever so slightly darker. Elisa wasn't all that used to wetting in clothing, but college is one of the first opportunities she's ever had to have the luxury of doing it without having to hide herself much. She did regret an iota the fact that the white and neon do not look so great together, but she was feeling so sexy to herself that she didn't really bother with too much thought. 

As she stood there examining herself, a sudden, risky idea occurred to her, perhaps her brains response to the luciérnagas she was feeling. Although she had brought a two piece bathing suit to swim in, Elisa wondered what it would be like to swim in what she had on now. The boyshorts and sports bra covered up the same amount of skin or more, but the thinness of the garments made it all the more likely that the more erogenous zones would be clearly defined and visible. What's the worst that could happen, someone sees me? It's not like anyone in particular is watching at this hour. 

Her need to pee once again reminded her that she'd better hurry up, lest she lose her chance at a fulfilling climax. Without much hesitation, she grabbed her goggles, marched on over to the door to the pool and swung it open. The dormant lights to the pool room flickered on, revealing the Caribbean-colored water as well as the plants outside visible through the large window covering the wall opposite the locker rooms. The pool was empty and the water calm, suggesting that it had been at least a few minutes since the last swimmer. 

Elisa turned left toward the shallow end of the pool, where she typically liked to start her laps. Arriving to the edge of the pool, she was reminded of her need to pee by the sound of the pool filter. This was the point where she became fully conscious about what she was doing. Here was an 18 year old in nothing but her underwear about to swim in a public pool at 12:30 in the morning while desperately needing the bathroom. It was a very existential thought. Typical of thoughts from laying in bed at night, the idea "short circuited" in Elisa's brain and she was once again reminded of both her plight and her mission. 

Elisa caressed her breasts and the damp spot on her boyshorts before jumping in. EEEEEEEEEEEE was all she could think, though of course she remained silent. A small drop of pee escaped her due to the sudden change in temperature, but Elisa quickly gained control. The pool, cold but not overly so, brought her up to a 7 or 8 out of 10, but it was enough for her to manage. And besides, she was only going to swim for 15 minutes, and she hadn't consumed any water in the last 20, so she should be fine. 

Elisa lunged herself off the wall. She freestyled one length of 25m, tapped the opposite wall in the deep end and shifted her momentum the other direction. The kicking motion of her legs was continuing to excited her labia and make her think sexual thoughts. This motivated her to continue her plan to swim 400m as was typical for her 15 minute swim routine. Elisa continued her freestyle on her third length with the same relative feelings, the fireflies never fading. The fourth length she always did elementary backstroke to relax and get her ready for the next 3 lengths. It was during this length that she became aware of just how visible she was. Her nipples were pointing straight upward, and her sports bra didn't hide many of the details of her nipples' frames. Elisa though a little self conscious reassured herself that no one was watching, and that she should continue as normal. 

The next three lengths proceded uneventfully, but the self consciousness returned on the 8th length. Relax Elisa, Relax. She tried to keep herself mindful and calm on this most relaxing length in every four. 

The next 7 lengths were much like the last 7, and Elisa was feeling really good, though tired, simply from the euphoria of exercise. The last elementary backstroke, however, she could not relax on. She was thinking too much about what she would do next once she got out of the pool, as well as how sure she now needed to pee. Peeing in the pool is normal to a lot of people, but Elisa refrained from such actions for purely selfish reasons. Elisa turned her elementary backstroke into a full backstroke and then a freestyle again because of how quickly she wanted to get done. After finally hitting the wall the last time, she breathed and stood up in the 3 foot deep water. Looking around the pool, she convinced herself to get out and grab a towel to quickly prevent her from becoming too cold. She got out on the short shallow end of the pool and walked counterclockwise along the long end. Near the corner she passed, she briefly looked at herself in the mirror. Damn, even my pubes are visible through my underwear. And that cameltoe is obvious enough to convince people I'm Egyptian, she thought. The towels were at the far corner of the pool, and since she would pass the door to the women's locker room anyway, Elisa decided to just drop herself dry and try to not be any more visible than she had been. 

Opening the door, she walked into the locker room with one arm over her torso to keep warm and another in her crotch to hold her pee, her feet moving heel to toe with the characteristic slap of wet feet trying to maintain a frictional grip with a slippery surface. She walked passed the communal showers toward the individual showers and sinks. To her horror, one of the showers was occupied. This provided great consternation as it had been her anticipation to have the locker room to herself. She listened to try to figure out what this person was doing or how far along in the shower process they were. 

*Tap, tap, tap, tap* she heard as if this person was using her body as a metronome at a moderately fast tempo. 

An inextricably quiet, low "mmhph" could be heard. Elisa looked down underneath the occupied shower curtain. She almost wet herself then and there. 

The occupant of this shower was infact a guy with tan and hairy legs. 

________ 

Hope you enjoyed. I'm still a few chapters away from the main fantasy element and plot point that will explain the title, but I hope my expositional chapters are fodder enough to be intriguing. 

*003*2021-01-16 05:33

Chapter 3: Is this really happening? 

Elisa quickly grabbed her crotch with her right hand and walked nearer to the shower as quietly as possible. She peered inside at a 45 degree angle so as to not be obscured by the curtain. She saw that he was sitting down on the bench in the changing section of the stall facing away from her, and she had sight of his left knee, which was pointed outward toward the curtain. It was oscillating up and down in time with the tapping. 

Is he...is he masturbating? Right here? Right now? For real? Elisa thought. She tiptoed a little closer, so close in fact that she could see the rest of the left side of his body. He had olive skin, but was a few shades lighter than herself, and she noticed his wavy black hair. His left shoulder was toned, but most arousing was the sight of his right hand in the shape of a fist moving up and down in a sensual, rhythmic pattern. 

Elisa felt her labia moisten. She flexed her butt muscles in anticipation. She bit her lip, as her free left hand went to grab her goggles off her head.

"Mmmmmmph!" Elisa heard from man her eyes were glued on. Not expecting this sudden escalation of hotness, she all at once released a dribble of pee, shoved her hand deeper into her crotch, tensed her thigh muscles, dropped her goggles, and audibly gasped. 

Shit! He heard!...but I should have the moral high ground here right? I mean this is the women's locker room, right? Elisa thought to herself. The guy stopped stroking himself. He too had audible inbreaths, and in one swift motion pivoted about his left foot to stand up and face Elisa, the curtain being lifted and the entirety of his bare and hairy genitalia being on display for Elisa's unwavering gaze. This was the first time she had ever seen a guy naked. 

"AAH! I'M SO SORRY! I THOUGHT I WAS ALONE!" he said, with a volume that reverberated across the echoic locker room. He was only about 5'7" (170cm) against Elisa's 5'4" (163cm), and he had a slim, toned, athletic build, but no muscle was too pronounced. 

Elisa's heart raced. This was butterflies, fireflies, and ants all at once. She was shocked. "Uh...uh...uh..." was all she could muster to say, as a much larger spurt escaped from her urethra and straight down her boyshorts and upper thighs. 

The guy clutched his dick. "No really, I'll go now!" 

"WAIT!" exclaimed Elisa, her nipples protruding ever so slightly more through her see-through sports bra. The guy looked down at her leaking vagina, as Elisa's hand began making a familiar circular motion. "Keep going!" she half suggested and half demanded of the naked young man in front of her, who appeared to be not much older than herself. Elisa bit her lip as she briefly stemmed the flow and stared, awaiting his response through either speech or action. 

The guy started to stroke his boner, accelerating to warp speed within 2 seconds as he almost panted his way to arousal. Elisa was not to be out done, quickly shoving her hand inside her boyshorts from the top, her left hand moving to caress her left breast inside her bra. "Uh...AHH...AAAHHH..." she moaned as she reached ever closer to midnight bliss. Her counterpart grunted with her, as if to sync with a hemiola. Elisa stared at his dick, just 10 feet (3 m) away from her. She could not think about anything, the only conscious decisions being the physical desire for that cock. Elisa was too far gone to hold her pee at this point. She couldn't hold back her bladder or arousal. 

A large gush escaped, and the guy noticed. He stepped forward so as to be within a mere 4 feet (1.3m) of Elisa. Elisa could not comprehend the excitement and eroticism. She opened to a straddle as her pee started dripping onto the floor, bucking her hips in time with her moans. *AAAHHH….AAAAAHH….AAAAAAAHHH…" was all she could say. 

The guy across from her began to mimic her hip movement while simultaneously grunting "HRRRGHMM….MRRGHMM...MMMRRRGGHHMM…". He then finally synced a beat with Elisa's moans, and at this point each successive pelvic thrust meant the tip of his dick came 6 inches (16 cm) closer to Elisa. The fourth of these thrusts secreted precum on his dick, and then the fifth thrust from both the guy and Elisa, just 1.5 feet (45 cm) away. 

Then came the 6th of the synced thrusts through hands, with a "AAAAAAAHHH" and a "MMMRRRGGHHMM" and the tip of his dick just 1 foot (30 cm) from Elisa's belly button, Elisa letting out another gush of pee. 

Then came the 7th of the synced thrusts through their masturbating hands, with a "AAAAAAAHHH" and a "MMMRRRGGHHMM" and the tip of his dick just 6 inches (15 cm) from Elisa's belly button, Elisa letting out another gush of pee and the guy a small splash of cum. 

At this point, the guy lunged his face toward Elisa's mouth and kissed her deeply. Taken aback by this, Elisa lost her balance and fell backward. The guy, too aroused to let go, kept his face attached and fell with her. Elisa had almost no mental cognition now, and closed her eyes. She landed squarely on her ass in her warm puddle of pee, sending a jolt and twang to her bladder and her pussy and her clit and her kegel muscles. Her back rolled down as the guy landed on top of her 

She moaned the loudest orgasm she had ever moaned into this guy's mouth, as his voice reverberated back to her in synchrony. His dick landed on her belly and began cumming and cumming, and cumming as the semen covered Elisa's lower torso. Elisa's bladder gushed and gushed as she experienced complete bliss and utter sensual overload from what must surely have been a dream. Her pussy twitched and she still made involuntary muscle movements to hug this man closer, whoever he may be. The ecstasy of climax did not waver a moment as Elisa and the mystery man lay in each other's arms, Elisa's bladder not wavering in releasing it's remaining contents. This was the best finish to sexual self pleasure she had ever had, and this time she had some assistance. 

As her orgasm and pee tapered off into her wet, neon boyshorts, Elisa opened her eyes to look at her guilty pleasure and first sexual partner. 

"Uhh, hi I'm Elisa," she muttered quietly and cutely. 

"Hi, uh..I'm Gabe, uhh...I was going to use the Men's locker room but they were closed for cleaning...uhh, so that's why I came in here." 

Elisa could feel things begin to fade away as she tried to comprehend what Gabe just told her. Her vision became blurry with static. "That was amazing" was all she could say to Gabe before she laid her head back and passed out. 

_________ 

Writing is harder than it looks, so Im sorry if this is slow, but I hope this is good enough! Let me know what you think so far! I'd love to hear it. 

The fantasy element will probably be chapter 5 or 6, and then I will start to have some fun. Hope you enjoyed! 

*004*2021-06-05 04:02

Chapter 4a: Investigation 

Elisa came to her senses. She heard the water still running in the shower. She smelled the ammonia from her pee that was still lingering from the hard tiled bathroom floor. She felt a stickiness on her midsection and her white bra and her neon yellow boy shorts. Wait, was this real? Elisa quickly sat up and removed her increasingly uncomfortable sports bra. She also slowly removed her boyshorts. Elisa realized that she once again had to pee, but in her current situation decided it wouldn't hurt to form a puddle for herself. 

Elisa let go. It felt so warm and wet and relaxing, and spread across her butt and her feet and legs. She rolled over into a prone position and enjoyed the feeling of the puddle across her body. Oh how glorious it felt to relax everything without consequences! Wait, consequences... Dios mio! Que hora es? Elisa quickly gathered stood up from her puddle and sort of prance-waddled over to the open locker where she had set her things down. She grabbed her phone. 

"5:06 am" it read after she pushed the home button. Oh God, I've been out for almost 4 hours. I hope Jordyn isn't worried. Wait, no she wouldn't be. She probably just slept through the whole thing. This thing, omg it was so weird but is felt so great, I don't know what to do. Is it hot in here? 

Elisa walked through the door into the public pool room and felt a shiver emanate across both her front and back. She knew she was still naked, but at this point she didn't care, because no one would be watching. Suddenly the lights flickered on. She quickly prance-waddled over to where she saw a blinking green light that she supposed sensed her movements and clicked it. The pool was once again dark. Elisa was so phased by what happened a few hours ago, that her actions were currently on a sort of autopilot with a confidence that even she wasn't aware of. No decision was hers wholeheartedly, it was as if something had taken hold of her brain and guided her into this uncharted territory of risque-ness. Elisa looked at the barely lighter than midnight dawn peeping above the bushes out the wall of glass across the pool. She turned her head away, but quickly moved it back as she thought she saw Gabe out of the corner of her eye. It was, however, only a shadow, an illusion. Elisa turned around to check the clock on her side of the pool and indeed, it read 5:08. She had indeed spent most of the night asleep on the floor of the women's locker room. Wanting to give herself a jolt, she quickly jumped into the pool naked, shredded water for a bit and jumped back out. Damn, that felt weird but good at the same time. Maybe I should try that again sometime. 

Gabe... she thought. Where did he go? I mean he probably just left the locker room but is he still here maybe? She had another one of those without-thinking ideas to enter the men's locker room to check. She walked to the right of the door from the women's locker room and slowly pushed open that of the men's. She once again heard the water on of a shower. Enticed but aware that she was naked and possibly about to encroach on a man's privacy, she slowly closed the door and did her best to mitigate the noise pollution. Then she tiptoed to her left to get a glance at man in the shower. She could once again feel the spirit of arousal proliferate down to her sacred triangle. Elisa peered to her left to get the best glance she could. 

Did she see Gabe? Did she see a random hot guy? 

She tiptoed closer. She checked the showerhead of every shower and located the one that was running third from the left. But there was no one under it. 

Huh. She thought. What on earth does this mean?... 

_______________________ 

Ultimately this is only half of the chapter. I figured it would be best to have a better product by splitting this in two to have more ease in coming back to writing. I'm sorry for being away for so long, these kinds of writings take time and I had too much going on to have the energy to continue. Now that summer is upon me I can get back to this story on a more regular basis. I hope to keep this more interesting and engaging and develop something worthwhile, even if it is just erotica in some way. Let me know what you think so far, and any advice would be greatly appreciated! I'll be back with Chapter 4b shortly. 

_______________________ 


*007*2021-09-09 04:04

Sorry for being so long, I have to be in a kind of mood to continue this story, and when I'm stressed that doesn't usually happen. I can't make any guarantees, but here is the next installment. 

Chapter 4b: Petrification 

Elisa's head was in a place of its own. She could feel the luciérnagas across her entire body, as though her body were anticipating a 2 ton wrecking ball to appear out of the wall and wallop her. She tiptoed closer to the shower. Well, I guess I could shower here. There's some soap on the wall, I'll just do my hair over in the women's locker room. She had no idea how far she was going right now, the past and the future just didn't matter. Her mind could think of no nouns, no adjectives, just verbs. Do this. Do that. I'm curious what would happen if we showered in the men's locker room. She was trapped into this situation by her own head. 

The shower was lukewarm, presumably from having run for so long. But it was warmer than the pool, so Elisa felt relaxed enough by the water. She didn't have much, but it was relaxing enough for her to release her urine and pleasantly sense her vulva dilate. It only took about 10 seconds for her bladder to empty, so she was quickly lathering herself in the soap from the wall. It did not smell great, but it was presumably practical enough to get the chlorine off her body, so that's what Elisa decided she needed. 

There were a few things that Elisa knew right now that didn't really register into a meaningful thought. For one, she was in college, not high school. The university had 6 times as many students as she was used to. Secondly, this was college, not high school. Some people liked to get up early now that it wasn't so bad for their former teenage health. Thirdly, well… 

The door swung open, Elisa had to think fast. She rushed her way over to the communal shower right outside the pool door. She was about to reach for the door and escape, but she froze, as she realized she would be noticed right away if the door were heard to open. In what felt like 2 seconds—probably because it was 2 seconds—two relatively thin guys not much taller than Elisa appeared in sweats with shower supplies. Am I about to get lucky and see three naked guys in one day? she thought in a split second. The men each walked over each to their own specific locker and deposited their towels, shampoos, and gels. As one is about to shut the door, he says to the other "yo bud, the shower's running." The other guy turned to his friend and then to the third shower on the left. 

"YO, IS ANYONE IN HERE" he yelled. This almost sent Elisa into a panic, she was not expecting such a loud noise so soon. She luckily was able to keep her composure, but was now even more aware of the fact that she was naked. Upon hearing Elisa's silence, the guy who had just yelled took a few steps toward the running water and noticed that the stall was open. He stepped toward the curtain. "Yo man, there's still soap going down the drain." 

"Must be a ghost," the other replied. 

"He wasn't here that long ago, whoever he was." 

"They're not necessarily a he, you don't know how they identify." 

"Don't get me started this early, bro." The first friend turned off the shower. 

Elisa was petrified, not entirely out of fear, but more so out of necessity. They're detective work was a little too on the nose for her comfort. Then one of the guys took off his sweatpants, revealing quite revealing purple running shorts. His friend followed suit and was wearing a black pair of shorts just as revealing. Oh, they're cross country, that's why they're up so early. The guys followed suit with their shirts revealing their bare torsos. One of the guys was quite pale, the other a bit more tan. "Yo, I gotta piss" the tan one said. 

"Right back at you," said the other. 

"What kind of kinky shit are you not telling me about," the tan replied. 

"Sorry, wrong figure of speech. I will go also." 

At this point both had started walking over to the urinals, passing by the barrier to the communal shower, behind which Elisa was hiding. She got a nice long look at their asses as they passed by. Her nether regions began to moisten again, this time to her chagrin, since she didn't want to be noticed. The two each took a urinal with a gap urinal between them, and did their business. Elisa was so scared but couldn't help rubbing down there for the umpteenth time in this unbelievable night. She saw the pale guy finish up first, and turn around without flushing. The tan guy then began to shake, presumably to get the rest of his pee out? Elisa didn't know guys' peeing physiology well enough to be sure. The tan guy turned clockwise as he finished, also without flushing. However, he didn't pull his shorts up immediately, and Elisa got a quick glimpse of his long, maybe big maybe average size dick, but she couldn't be sure what was normal. All she knew was that it was hot enough to make her animal side go too crazy for comfort. After his pants were pulled up, he began following his friend to the door. 

"Where you wanna go?" the pale guy asked. 

"Old people," the tan guy replied as they once again passed Elisa. 

"Alright I'm down," the pale guy said as the door was opened. The door closed with a bang. 

Elisa let out a deep breath, and then took in a deep breath, and almost sounded like she was hyperventilating, but this would have been an exaggeration. She waited 5 seconds, and then opened the pool door and bolted out of the men's locker room. There was now a little bit of daylight in the pool, and to make matters worse, the lights once again flickered on as Elisa exited the men's locker room toward the women's. She got a glance at the clock, "5:24", and then bolted into the women's locker room. She ran over to a toilet stall still breathing heavily. Amidst all that fear an anxiety, her arousal was once again too high to let it go. She rubbed at her opening and clit, furiously breathing thinking about all that she had just witnessed in the day, the guys peeing… his dick… her risque voyeurism and skinny dipping… her bladder… Gabe… pleasure… cum… 

Her hips gyrated on the toilet seat. She let out an audible moan. Her bladder emptied what little contents it still had. She breathed as if she was back in drum corps playing fortissimo. Her mind lost all direction. Every sensation about her was physical, and was dopamine inducing. She continued in this state for 15 seconds, until the stimulation subsided and she let out a long, throaty sigh. 

Elisa came to her senses. She once again grew anxious. Then she processed her surroundings and was troubled. 

There was a shower running on the other side of the locker room. 

————————— 

Hope you enjoyed, this took longer than I expected and I really want to get Elisa back to her room shortly. Plenty of the details here will wind up being ultimately meaningless, but let me know what you think of the style and the direction this is going. 

*008*2023-01-06 06:08

Okay, so a year and a half and a lot of life events later, I finally decide to return to this story. It has been in my mind a while, but stress and laptop woes makes writing a less interesting task than it could have been. I am out of college now and have a little bit more time on my hands, so I figure I might try to continue where I left off. 

Though it’s lengthy, there is no omo in this chapter, as I’m trying to be realistic about the fetish and it’s not very realistic for every single person to have to pee all the time. Elisa peed at the end of the last chapter, and I didn’t right enough time to elapse for her to need to pee again. 

That said, there is sexual content and nudity again in this one, and I talk about Elisa’s anxiety as well. 

On the cliffhanger from a year and a half ago: 

Chapter 5: Escape Plan 

Elisa froze. She realized that she had not been quiet in her indulgences. Whoever was cleaning themselves across the room had definitely heard her sexual side. Mortified, Elisa realized that she was still in a bit of a predicament, as through all this she was still covered in soap, and it would have to come off one way or another. She weighed her options: 

1) Shower here and deal with the embarrassment of having been heard masturbating by the other occupant of the shower 

2) Get into clean clothes and walk back to her room all covered in soap 

3) Jump in the pool one more time and then return to her dorm room 

The problem with all three of these options was that she would have to approach the occupied shower as the locker she used was right next to it. And she was still naked, not that it would be unexpected for the showering woman (presumably, what are the chances that she finds another man in the women’s showers?) to find her naked after hearing her masturbate, but she would still rather save herself the embarrassment of appearing in a sexually vulnerable state to a stranger. Normally she wouldn’t mind being naked around other girls, but in those other situations when she would share a locker room communally, there was less of an aura of sex about. Contemplating her choices, she decided that the highest risk in this situation would be to stay in the locker room any longer than she would have to. So she could either wear her purple pajamas—which just so happen to be her most comfortable—back to her room and get soap all over them, or she would have to jump back in the pool, either naked and risk being seen or in her wet bathing suit, which would not be fun to wear. For someone neurotypical these decisions would not be the most grueling to decide, but Elisa was persnickety in some instances, and what she chose would likely have a lasting impact on how well she would sleep once she returned to her dorm. Luciérnagas were annoying to deal with sometimes. 

Oh crap...Elisa thought...my bathing suit is still laying on the floor near the showers...WAIT...I didn’t actually wear my bathing suit at all, that’s my bra and boyshorts that smell like urine, Dios, esto es tan vergonzoso (embarrassing). Amidst her anxious mind-wandering, Elisa realized that she could escape with the least embarrassment and discomfort by wearing her bathing suit back to her dorm while covering herself with her towel. After one more minute of sitting in the communal shower area, Elisa decided it was go time. She stood herself up, speed-walked over to the locker area, and grabbed her neon boyshorts and white sports bra. She decided to glance under the shower stall anxiously from the side, half expecting Gabe to be on the other side, but the skin tone of this person was darker, indicating it was a different person. Elisa’s heart did almost skip a beat however when the legs she witnessed were hairy, but the occupant was confirmed to be closer to the female end of the spectrum when Elisa heard a faint “mmpff” in an alto register. 

Elisa quickly turned toward her locker (which she now realized was in full view of the occupied shower stall if she decided to come out) and started fiddling with the combination, dreading the sound of the shower turning off. As she opened the locker though, what she instead heard was almost worse. “Y’know honey, you don’t need no embarrassment for havin’ fun wit’ yourself, I be comin’ in here e’ry week I bet.” 

Elisa gasped as she knocked her water bottle out of her locker, which hit the tiled floor with a clang. She then realized that the shower stall door was actually open most of the way, the only thing obscuring the view between herself and the showerer being a flimsy white plastic curtain. Her train of thought having been totally derailed, Elisa almost simultaneously said “huh?” and actually thought about what the woman in the shower said, having realized that there was more than a slight bit of double entendre in her statement (except maybe an anti-double entendre, since the first meaning was actually sexual this time and the hidden meaning was more tame?). 

The noise seemingly prompted the dark-skinned woman to open the curtain and boldly present herself to Elisa, who was standing with her backside to the shower and her torso twisted so she could see what was frightening her so greatly. The stranger was tall, around 5’10” (178 cm), with a strong and physical yet not bulky build, and she seemed to be undergraduate aged. She had cornrows that came down to her shoulders, with medium sized breasts and bushy hair in both her armpits and pubic region. Her legs were unshaven, but they were not noticeable and it seemed that this woman could pull off running shorts without drawing attention to her hairiness if she wanted to. And if it wasn’t clear enough from her appearance, her accent confirmed her black-African-American background. “Damn, girl! You a bad jawn! Yo’ ass hot as hell!” she complimented Elisa. 

Elisa froze for the umpteenth time that night. She had nothing to say. 

“Oh, don’t be scared, I ain’t mean startle you. We all be horny, and you’a be doin’ that as much as you want fo’ all I care.” 

Elisa’s luciérnagas went full mariposas. She really couldn’t think of anything to say amidst the confusion, all she could muster was a meager “uhh...hiii”. 

The tall woman responded “If you wanna know the truth, I was getting pretty wet myself and done started touchin’ my pussy with that, you was really into it!” After a slight pause with Elisa still in shock, she inquired “mind if I continue?” 

Elisa, shaken and staring at the audacious display in front of her, responded in much the same manner as 5 hours ago “uhh…no, knock yourself out.” 

“Thanks hon! You can go again if you want, I don’t bite,” said the stranger. 

Elisa’s body responded by relubricating her lower portion without her thinking. There were way too many confusing feelings for her to fully process what was happening, and while the anxiety of the encounter had somewhat subsided from fear to apprehension, the new experiences were too much for her to form a coherent sentence. “No...uhh...I think I’m good” was all she could say. 

The darker woman moved from the shower to the bench, one stall over from where Gabe had pleasured himself just a few hours ago. She took her left hand and started making circular motions over her genitalia at the same time. “You do you girl, but don’t be ashamed, please! I noticed your lips are smiling more than a minute ago!” 

Elisa looked down at her own vagina, and it did have the physical indications of arousal she knew all too well for her own body. She looked back at the woman in front of her who was smiling and glancing intently at her own body. Though one part of her felt accosted, another part enjoyed the exhibitionism, even if it was to the gender opposite her attractions. The passion and lust she felt for Gabe was not nearly as strong now as then, but she still contemplated a third pleasure session of the night. No, I must get back to bed, this adventure has gone on far too long. 

Elisa untwisted herself to face her locker. She unpacked her drawstring bag looking for her royal blue bathing suit, removing her towel and pajamas in the process. The two-piece suit was not the most revealing, as it was designed so that no drawstrings were required. The top was more of a glorified sports bra, and the bottoms glorified spandex panties, but being the most revealing was not usually at the forefront of Elisa’s mind, and besides her parents and the catholic ministry on campus would probably not approve of her exhibitionist streak if it were to ever develop. 

“Mmmm” Elisa heard from behind her. She was keenly aware that the woman was fingering herself because Elisa’s nude body was on full display. Intrigued by the fact that she could give this woman such feelings of arousal, Elisa wondered what she was capable of in this situation. As she restuffed her drawstring bag, she succumbed to her curiosity and gave her ass a little twerk. 

“Mmhmm just like that baby” said the woman behind her. Elisa tried a pump again, and the woman responded with an even louder moan. Intrigued as though she were in control of an excited dog—well horndog would probably fit better—she gave her left butt cheek and grabbed it with vigor, before doing the same to her right, wherein she started massaging both glutii. She then spread her legs slightly bent over to pick up the fallen water bottle, but before reaching down she made sure to put her caramel ass on full display, anus and vulva and all the hair in the crack included. The moans from behind her became louder and faster, prompting Elisa to do a couple mini-squats to see if she could bring the stranger closer to the edge. She grabbed her water bottle and with half-planned and half-unplanned gusto poured it on her head and shoulders, allowing the cold fluid to drip down her birthday suit. The “mmhmms” from behind her turned into “ahhhs” and the curiosity finally made Elisa turn around and watch. She could see a milky white fluid dripping from the strangers muff, which was a little surprising to say the least, as it looked kind of like semen. But Elisa knew through both her own endeavors and enough pornography that vaginal discharge was definitely different and more acidic than semen. 

The feelings of the room were ultimately a jumbled mess. On one hand, Elisa was more than a tad bit uncomfortable with the arrangement, as it was the first such homosexual encounter she had, even if at a distance. On another hand, she was fascinated by other people’s sexuality, perhaps in a scientific way, but she knew that probably wasn’t all of the reason behind her ogling. And on one foot since she ran out of hands, Elisa was enjoying the voyeur-turned-exhibitionist role she inhabited, finding it oddly thrilling to break taboos and social norms, even if she was in a bit of a fatigued stupor at 5:30 in the morning. But the events of the past 6 hours had been so full of new experiences, that Elisa was more or less seeing how far she could take it, and to be frank with herself, she was kind of astonished that her libido could be this crazed for this long, typically she would only indulge herself one to three times a week, and at most once per day. But this was a new level for her. 

Elisa grabbed her bathing suit top from the locker and gave her sexually crazed opposite a view of full frontal nudity. She really didn’t mind the fact that her body was all the way visible, a few communal showers will let you develop that confidence, but she was noticing the darker woman pick up the pace some. Elisa’s mind briefly went to one of the episodes of Monty Python she watched on Netflix that was titled “Full Frontal Nudity,” and how there was one joke animation where a man’s view of such was always censored in the more intimate parts. It’s a bit hard to remember in the moment, but she does remember laughing a lot during that particular episode. 

The momentary lapse in her grip on reality gave Elisa the idea of teasing the woman in front of her some more. She cupped her medium sized left boob and gave her chocolate colored nipple a few lickings. She had experimented with this before, but this felt...good, or at least better than when she was by herself. She could feel her vulvular grin turn into a vaginal smile, as she intently watched the woman in front of her twist her right nipple in all different directions. Her hips started to hop off of the bench some as she did this, and her massages were now interspersed with hooking back and forth penetrations of her opening with her fingers, some back-channeling of “yes honey, keep doing that” and “I’m almost there girl, yes so hot” interrupting her usual aria of moans. Though Elisa could not make eye contact due to her autism, she was intrigued by how much she was being stared at. She was all of violated, captivated, and slightly aroused. 

By the sound of the moans emanating from the echoic walls of the locker room, Elisa realized the climax was thirty seconds away. She had a decision to make: would she join the stranger and try to come to her own climax, or would she would continue this exhibitionist streak and see how much more she could tease? Not wanting to lose the position of control that she needed to occupy to quell her anxiety, she chose the latter. 

“Mmhmm…...aahh…...ohhhh…...yes babe” moaned the taller woman. 

Elisa took her top and threw it over her head so that her boobs were now covered and decent. 

“Aw babe, I was enjoying the show!” protested the hornier one. 

Elisa sort of mutter-whispered a “wait” under her breath that she wasn’t sure the other woman heard. In one fell swoop she grabbed her bathing suit bottoms and stepped into them, right leg, then left, being sure to flash her genitalia to what might as well have been the camera in the process. 

“Mmmm...Awww, c’mon...ahh...you is so hot...mmm...what you tryin’a hide?” 

Elisa stood square to the shower stall, leaning back slightly like in one of those realtor advertisements or political ads, and with her hands on her hips. She learned at drum corps some of the techniques to developing good posture, and one of the exorcises involved pretending that your waist or pelvis was a bowl of cereal, and that you should try not to spill it. So Elisa tipped the cereal bowl so that it spilled forwards, and then she tipped it so that it spilled back. Her rib cage and abdomen were gleaming in her lean build and caramel-colored skin. The woman in front of her shut up momentarily—well at least stopped speaking English: her moans were still plain to hear for the ear—and concentrated on Elisa’s lower body. Elisa once again bucked her hips back and spilled the soup forward, and then thrust in a more spasmodic way to make her vulva the closest organ of hers to the masturbater, leaning the rest of her body back. 

“...aahh...Aaaahhh….aaaahhhh….so close...aah…” 

Elisa gyrated her hips again. Then twice more. Feeling emboldened, she lifted her top up and presented her boobs that she had already exposed a few minutes ago. She continued thrusting her pelvis hands free covered by her royal blue bikini bottom. Another thrust, another moan, eleventh verse same as the first. 

“...aahh...aaaahh…aaaaaaahhhhh….I’m gonna cum….I’ma cum babe!” 

Elisa decided to finish the show with a bang—well not actually that far. She grabbed her bottoms with her left hand and moved them to the side and pulled them up as high as they would go, giving her left groin and ass a huge wedgie, and exposing both her pubic bush that looked like black dandelion fuzz and the increasingly pink slit between her legs. With her free fingers, Elisa started to massage her clitoris, whilst continuing to suggest intercourse with her thrusts. She had no intention of finishing here, but wanted to see if she actually enjoyed this as much as her body was showing her. 

After about three seconds of this it happened. 

“Ooohhhh….I’m cumming….Yeessss!!!…..Aaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!” 

The dark woman orgasmed loud, probably louder than Elisa when she was with Gabe. Elisa could feel her body involuntarily convulse, but only in a way that indicated she still had another two minutes to go before climax. But that did not stop the discharge from making her fingers all slimy. The loudness made Elisa fear for anyone working at the front desk, as they might hear the commotion and think ill of the situation. As soon as the woman finished her orgasm, Elisa stopped as well. She was now keenly aware of her location, although she had momentarily forgotten the time. She had for the past two minutes been living through the experiential side of life, and now it was time for the emotions to catch up with her. 

“Girl that was great, we should hang out sometime, what’s your name?” 

Elisa was petrified, for some reason even though the new sexual awakening didn’t do it for her, this kind of social anxiety did. She thought ahead, about having to explain how she and this woman met, about how she might have to continue the possible farce of being bisexual, about how she would have to wave at her each time they saw each other on campus. Elisa was not about to let this incident take over her life, and she realized she really needed the z’s right now. 

Before she could answer, she pulled her bikini bottom back to cover her oh-so-wet genitalia, grabbed her drawstring bag, shoved her shoes, socks, phone, and keys in there, grabbed her towel and water bottle, and bolted out the door to the locker room for the first time in five hours. 

Elisa made a left turn and came to the front door of the fitness center and pushed it open with her elbow. The Adirondack September breeze of the fact that her boobs were still exposed, and she fumbled to get all three items she was carrying into one hand so she could fix it. 

“¿Qué estoy haciendo?...¿qué he hecho?...soy tan idiota...soy tan estupida...¿cómo pudo pasar esto?” (What am I doing?...What have I done?...I’m such an idiot...I’m so stupid...How could this happen?) Elisa muttered to herself with a short breath. All she could think of now was that nice warm bed waiting for her at her dorm room. 

Elisa ran downhill toward her dormitory, landing toe first due to her being barefoot. Some of the steps felt like she stepped on LEGO bricks, but she was determined. The aura of dawn and a third quarter moon illuminated her surroundings past what was provided by the LED streetlamps. She was to return within the next two minutes, but before that Elisa had to make sure that no one saw her in such an oddly exposed state. The campus was too small for her to get lost in the crowd unfortunately. 

Elisa thought about her parents and her younger siblings, what they would think of this? Would they approve? Obviously not, my parents are as vanilla as they come, and my siblings are too young to know that these kinds of shenanigans are possible. As she ran across the main road through campus (there was no traffic at this hour), she noticed a disheveled girl walking in the opposite direction with a friend who appeared to be consoling her. The unkempt one’s cyan crop top and daisy dukes were stained with some liquid, and she seemed to have a very low morale from whatever she had going on. Elisa induced that they must have crashed at a party and are only just now completing the walk of shame with one of the girls having vomited or pissed herself or both, just like her, minus the vomiting and the crowds and the drinking. 

No Elisa. Stay focused. As much as she wanted to just go to bed, one more glance behind her made her realize that all this time, she had still yet to rinse the soap out of her body. Mierda. I’m going to have to shower anyway. A ripple of fatigue swept over her from this realization, though Elisa persisted and in due time reached the entrance to her building. She dropped her water bottle and towel and fiddled around in her drawstring for her ID card to get in. The only problem was that the key card and her phone were at the bottom of the bag, and she had to unpack nearly everything—her workout clothes, her underwear stained with urine and semen, her white sports bra— before finding the familiar jingling of the lanyard her card was attached to. She opened the door and holding it open with her back, she pulled out her phone and repacked her bag before grabbing her water bottle and towel. She jazz ran up one flight of stairs and down the hall to her room and saw the familiar pineapples with her and Jordan’s names written in sharpie, and then she pulled on the handle. But the door was locked, so she hurriedly found her key and twisted it before she had a panic attack of anyone seeing her in the well lit hallway. And just before she was able to turn the key, she hear the door across and two doors down from her open. This fright almost involuntarily pushed her through the door, where Elisa almost slammed it behind her but she stopped once she realized that Jordyn was still asleep. Why wouldn’t she be? Not wanting to wake her roommate up and wanting to get the soap out of her as soon as possible, Elisa made a left turn past the sink and threw all of her stuff onto the floor of the shared bathroom. The anxiety was pushing her need for a bowel movement and she stripped out of her bathing suit with this in mind, but before she sat down on the toilet, she peered at the top of her drawstring bag and saw the neon-yellow boyshorts sticking out. And though she was out of breath, Elisa could not contain the intrusive thought, about that night, and Gabe, and her exhibitionism. Well, one more can’t hurt, can it? 

******** 

Thank’s so much for reading! 

This one turned out way longer than I initially anticipated, as I kind of forgot where I was going with the cliffhanger, but I was determined to finally get Elisa back to her room. 

Apologies if any of this comes off as culturally insensitive, I tried my best at making diverse characters, and presenting them as realistically as I knew. As such, I wanted the one character to speak in AAVE (the “black” accent or dialect) and respect the grammar rules, similar to how many black Americans sound in their tweets. And I am learning Spanish and wanted to make sure that Elisa’s background was not separate from the story. 

Any of the groups that I am trying to represent (women, LGBTQIA+, latinos/latinas, black Americans), feedback would be appreciated to make the characters more realistic (either comment here or message me directly). 

Also I am considering adding a short chapter interlude chapter between here and Elisa finally getting to bed (if you can’t tell, I kind of foreshadowed more of the self-pleasuring). It will not be entirely sexual, I would intend to hone in on Elisa’s anxiety as well since I have had nights like this where there was too much going on, but let me know if you would like to read it or if I should just skip it and leave it implied. 

And really any feedback would be appreciated! Is there too much sex stuff, or just the right amount? I kind of get horny every time I write so it’s a bit hard to ignore the creative freedom of my mind in those states. 

Thanks and happy New Year! 
