Linda: Chapter 3

Author: wettingplay

*000*2011-05-03 07:44

Linda was outside her front door with her shopping bags. She got out her key and opened the front door, then headed quickly towards her room. After recent events she had decided to pick up some pull ups, and she didn't want any of her house mates to see them. She got into her room and quickly closed the door behind her. Where would she store her pull ups so that visitors wouldn't find them. Linda scanned the room for an appropriate hiding place. Her knickers draw seemed as good a place as any. She opened the packet, got the training pants out, and then folded them and put them under her regular pants in the draw so that they couldn't be seen. Linda then threw away the packaging and took the rest of her shopping to the kitchen.

Linda opened the kitchen door and saw Alison drinking a cup of tea at the table. Alison was wearing a red V-neck top and tight blue jeans. Her hair was dark brown, curly, and reached her shoulders. Her eyes were a piercing green, and she had smooth light brown skin. Alison's V-neck rested lightly on her tiny a cup breasts and the shape of her nipples could faintly be seen underneath.

"Heya" Alison waved at Linda.

"Fancy a tea?" she asked.

"Yea that sounds nice" Linda replied. Linda felt awkward. It had only been a few hours since she practically wet herself in front of Alison. Alison had been very apologetic and concerned, but Linda just wasn't sure what to expect. Would Alison tell others about what happened? Would she laugh at Linda for it? The thoughts frightened her.

Alison went to the kettle and started making Linda a cup of tea.

"Thanks" said Linda.

Linda sat down at the table and waited nervously for her tea. Alison finished and brought it over, sitting opposite Linda.

Alison leaned in closer to Linda and whispered, "I'm really sorry about before. I had no idea you were waiting."

Linda blushed and shyly turned her head down to look at her tea. She couldn't bring herself to look Alison in the face.

"Oh, and your things are in the dryer. And don't worry, I wont tell anyone". Alison said after having realised she was making Linda uncomfortable.

Linda was relieved. She had been dreading the thought of everyone knowing and teasing her.

"Thanks" Linda replied in a barely audible whisper. She was so anxious she could barely get any words past her lips.

"Your really shy, aren't you" Alison exclaimed. Linda sat in silence. She didn't know how to reply.

The dryer stopped spinning and Alison stood up to get out Linda's washing.

"Lets put this stuff back in your room eh" Alison said to Linda.

Linda nodded.

"You've got a TV in your room right? Can we hang out and watch something?" Alison asked.

"Yea sure" Linda replied. She was still very nervous, but Alison was being very nice, and Linda was getting back in her comfort zone.

"Can you grab my tea pleas?" Alison asked, taking the sheets out of the machine. Linda got up and picked up both their teas.

They got to Linda's room.

"Where do you want these?" Alison asked.

Linda put the cups on her desk and pointed at the chest of draws then turned on the TV.

"What do you want to watch" Linda asked.

"Anything really" Alison replied.

Linda sat on her bed facing the TV. Alison had just put the bedsheets in the appropriate draw and was looking for the underwear draw for the pants. Linda suddenly remembered that she had put her pull ups in the draw. Anxiety overwhelmed her and she looked nervously towards Alison. Would she see Linda's training pants? If she did how would she react? Alison had been apologising and assumed it was her fault, for taking too long in the shower, that Linda nearly wet herself earlier that day. If she realised that Linda had wetting problems would she be annoyed? After all, she washed Linda's pee soaked pants out of guilt.

Linda was staring nervously at Alison. Alison finished at the draw and turned towards Linda, who blushed and turned to face the TV. Linda was still having difficulty looking Alison in the face. Alison went and sat next to Linda. Evidently she had not seen the pull ups.

"You don't have to be nervous you know" Alison said. "Lean forward a bit" she commanded.

Linda didn't know what to expect. Why did Alison want her to lean forward. She was apprehensive but complied.

Alison started rubbing Linda's back. She was stroking her neck upwards with the backs of her fingernails, combing through Linda's hair just below her ponytail in the process. It was a wonderful feeling. Linda immediately began to relax.

"I used to have panic attacks, and my mum would do this to calm me down." Alison explained.

It was working. Linda felt much more at ease, and the butterflies had left her stomach.

"You like that?" Alison asked.

"Mmmmmmmmmm" Linda replied.

Alison smiled and continued the massage, now also rubbing Linda's back with her other hand.

"You've got a lot of tension back here. I can work it out for you if you like" Alison said.

Linda wasn't sure why Alison was being so nice, but the massage was so good she didn't want it to stop.

"If your offering" Linda said.

"I am, but we have to do it properly" Alison replied.

"Ok what do I have to do?" Linda inquired.

"Take your top off and lie on your belly" Alison answered.

Linda felt a bit shy, but she took her pink tracksuit top off and lay on her belly. Alison positioned herself over Linda with one knee on either side of Linda's hips. Alison then undid Linda's bra and began rubbing her back. She made small circles on either side of the spine, starting at the neck and slowly moving downwards.

About an hour past. Linda really needed a wee, but the massage was so good she didn't want it to stop.

"Ok, that's all for now" Alison exclaimed.

"Do I get a turn?" she asked.

"Yea sure, but I don't think I'm as good at this as you" Linda replied, sitting up and putting her bra and top back on.

Alison took her V-neck top off, revealing her tiny naked breasts, and kneeled on the edge of the bed leaning forward so Linda could start. Linda began, imitating what Alison had done for her. Alison seemed to be enjoying it, and watched the TV as she got pampered.

A film had started on the TV and Linda was still massaging Alison. Linda's arms were getting tired, and she needed the loo rather urgently, but she wanted to continue because Alison had been so nice to her. She shuffled about a bit so that she was sitting on her heel. This kept her pee urges under control. She then lowered her arms and started rubbing Alison's feet, which allowed her to rest her arms but keep massaging. Alison seemed to like it and repositioned her feet so Linda could reach them more easily.

The film came too an end and Linda was still rubbing Alison's feet.

"Where did the day go" Linda remarked.

Alison smiled.

"Sorry, I've made you pamper me for hours" she said, "Let me rub your feet so we're even"

Linda had been sitting on her heel to keep her urge under control. She had needed to go for ages and was getting desperate. She didn't really want to get up off her heel because it was giving her a great deal of control.

"Can you do the neck thing instead" Linda asked.

"Sure" Alison replied.

The massage made Linda sleepy and she let out a yawn.

"Tired?" Alison asked

Linda nodded. Alison lay Linda down so that her head was resting in Alison's lap. Alison then continued to stroke Linda's neck. Linda began to fall asleep.

Linda started waking several hours later. The TV was still on but was very quiet. Her head was still resting in Alison's lap. Alison had also fallen asleep. Linda suddenly realised she was wet between her legs.

"Shit, not again" she whispered under her breath. Tears began to form in her eyes as she the reality of her situation began to hit her. Alison was in her bed, and she would find out sooner or later. Linda sat up and buried her face in her hands. She was ashamed of herself and began sobbing. At that moment Alison began to wake. Linda seized up in fear. How would Alison react?

Alison stared at Linda sitting in a puddle of her own urine. She leaned over and gave Linda a tight hug, rocking her back and forward gently. Linda could feel Alison's soft little breasts pushed against her back.

"There there, don't cry" Alison said softly.

"Get yourself changed and come sleep in my room with me. You cant sleep in this" Alison said.

Linda kept sobbing into her hands so Alison pulled her into a hug again, this time resting Linda,s head on her chest and stroking the back of her neck like she had done before.

"We'll clean your things in the morning" Alison reassured.

Linda got up and took off her wet clothes. Alison took her jeans off.

"You got my trousers a bit wet as well" she explained with a little smile.

"I'm sorry" Linda sobbed.

"Don't worry. Lets find you something nice to change into." Alison said to quickly change the subject which was upsetting Linda. She opened Linda's underwear draw and started looking through the things.

"Oh, what are these?" Alison was shocked to find the pull ups in Linda's draw.

"I'm so useless" Linda sobbed, "I'm 20 years old and I still need to wear nappies"

Alison got out a pair of white pants and handed them to Linda.

"Well I don't think you need to tonight" Alison said softly.

Linda put on the pants. Alison took her by the hand and led her to her room. She got in bed and signalled Linda to join her. Linda climbed in, curled up next to Alison, and started sucking her thumb. Alison wrapped her arms around Linda and stroked the back of her neck again.

"Your so cute" she whispered in Linda's ear. Linda drifted off to sleep.

