Omicron Mu Omicron

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2020-08-20 04:56

Chapter 1

Jess glanced up from her notes at the clock above her professor's head to see that there were about 10 minutes left in class. About 3 minutes less than when she had last checked. She tried to push the time out of her mind and focus on taking quality notes, but she certainly found herself a bit distracted. She briefly glanced at the empty large iced coffee sitting on the desk in front of her and tried again to focus on the lecture.

A few more minutes passed and Jess again found herself losing focus again. She was having a hard time thinking of anything other than her quite urgent need to visit the bathroom. She was certainly regretting sucking down the 32oz iced coffee that was not sitting empty in front of her. She thought back to the last time she had seen a toilet, almost 3 hours ago in her dorm just before she had showered and gotten ready for what was just her second day of college classes. She had actually needed to pee just a tiny bit as soon as she had sat down in class, but it didn't really start to distract her until about 2 hours in. For the past 20 or so minutes, she silently debated getting up and leaving the lecture hall. Gone were the days of having to raise her hand and hope to find a high school teacher in a forgiving mood, she was free to leave her lecture whenever she needed to.

If only it were that simple. Jess was sat in the dead center of a row of about 30 students, and there was no real way for her to get up and leave without causing a somewhat major disruption. Everyone in the 300 seat lecture hall would be staring at the pretty college freshman as she ran off to take a pee with just 25 minutes left in the lecture, and as she returned a few minutes later clearly quite relieved. Jess pushed the thought out of her mind, she'd certainly needed to go worse, she could hold it for another 5 minutes no problem.

Finally, Jess heard the sound of her classmates packing up to leave the hall. She hadn't even noticed that the professor had finished. She quickly scribbled down the assignment written on the white board and began hurriedly packing her things. She stood up and was a bit irritated to find that her classmates didn't have the same urgency that she did. She had to make a conscious effort to stand still as her classmates calmly gathered their things and exited the row.

Finally free from the hall, Jess made her way over to the nearest restroom, only to find an enormous line outside of it. It seemed that everyone in her class had had the same idea, Jess recognized one of the girls in the line, she was near the front, standing with her long legs tightly crossed, absent mindedly scrolling on her phone. She had been in front of Jess in the line to get her coffee and had also gotten a large just before class. Remembering another bathroom she had seen closer to the coffee shop she had earlier visited, Jess quickly turned and walked down the hallway, happy to see the crowd was a bit thinner further away from the lecture hall. She turned the corner into the restroom area and was confronted with a short line of only 3 girls which she quickly joined. Jess checked her watch and realized it was about noon, and multiple classes were probably letting out at the same time.

As Jess joined the line, she thought through her schedule for the rest of the day, she had another class at 1:30, so she would have plenty of time to, first and foremost, pee, and then have a quick lunch and take a look over the notes she had scribbled down during her morning class.

As Jess patiently waited and continued to try and distract herself, she noticed a gender neutral "Staff Only" restroom at the end of the hall, just passed the men's and women's. She considered giving it a try, but ultimately resolved that trying the door and finding it locked in front of the other girls in line would be too embarrassing. She was nearly there now, she could wait.

Finally Jess turned the corner and was now actually inside the bathroom, she was disappointed to see that there were only 3 stalls in this bathroom, and there were still 2 girls in front of her. Immediately a stall opened and the first girl quickly stepped in, Jess couldn't help but listen to the sounds of her pulling down her tight jeans and releasing an absolute deluge into the toilet. The suggestion made Jess involuntarily bend one knee and cross it over the other as she tried to tune the sound out.

A few minutes later and finally it was her turn, Jess quickly entered the stall and couldnt help but do a little dance as she unshouldered her bag, hung it on the door, pulled down her pants and finally released. She allowed herself to slouch back a bit on the toilet and enjoy the feeling of relief as the 32oz of coffee rushed out of her. Feeling like a new woman, Jess exited the stall, washed her hands, and headed back out into the hallway.

As she exited the bathroom, Jess noticed an intimidatingly pretty blonde rounding the corner into the bathroom area. Jess was a bit awestruck by her appearance, clearly an upperclassman, the girl was wearing a very well thought out outfit and the perfect amount of makeup. The girl walked right past the bathroom line and up to the door of the staff only restroom, before pulling out an access card swiping it through the handle of the door. There was a beep and a click and the girl swung open the door to her own private bathroom right in front of the rest of the waiting girls. As she disappeared into it, Jess noticed the bejeweled greek letters on the back of her backpack; O M O

*001*2020-08-20 20:00

Chapter 2

Jess enjoyed the autumn air as she walked across campus. It was her first Saturday at college and she had enjoyed her first week of classes. Today she was headed to a Greek life fair, where all of the Greek organizations on campus would be recruiting new members for the year. She stopped briefly at each stall and chatted to the various sorority girls, hoping to find one that jumped out at her that she could try to join. She had been mingling for about half an hour when she noticed one of the banners which seemed very familiar, in Greek letters it read O M O. Jess briefly flash backed to where she had seen the symbol before, on the backpack of the girl walking in to the staff bathroom.

Her interest piqued, she approached the stall and began chatting with the girls behind it. Suddenly Jess noticed that she had been hanging around the stall for about 20 minutes. The conversation was going incredible well and Jess was beginning to wonder if she had found some great new friends. One of the girls behind the stall, a tall brunette who had introduced herself to Jess as Tori, handed Jess a pamphlet for their sorority and encouraged her to attend some of their events. Jess was quite pleased that the interest seemed to be mutual and told the girls they would definitely be seeing her soon.

Later that day, Jess was sitting outside having some lunch and flipping through the O M O pamphlet she had been given, becoming increasingly sure that this was the sorority she wanted to pledge. The sorority house wasn't anything too fancy, but seemed quite cozy and full of girls she could see herself getting along very well with.

*002*2020-08-24 21:45

Jess put down her pencil and let out a satisfied sigh. It was Friday and she just finished her last midterm exam. As she packed up her things, she reflected back on her first semester. She was doing well in her classes, and had found a sorority of girls that she was really growing fond of. The pledging process was going incredibly well and she was beginning to think that she really may have found some life long friends. She waited patiently as her classmates filed out of the lecture hall, looking forward to getting back to her dorm and relaxing for a few hours before getting started on the celebration tonight.

As she strode out of the room, Jess contemplated a quick trip to the restroom as the bottle of water she had drank during the exam was starting to catch up with her, but as usual the lines for the main restrooms were atrociously long. She walked over to the restrooms down the hall that she had used on her first day and had frequently returned to but found several girls waiting outside of those as well. At the end of the hall she saw the staff bathroom. Soon, she thought to herself, soon that would be an option for her.

Jess had met Ellie at one of her first OMO events and quickly recognized her as the girl she had seen saunter past the bathroom line and in to the staff bathroom, and a few weeks later, Jess plucked up the courage to ask her about it.

It turned out that one of the sorority’s alumni had gone on to become the President of facilities at the university, and fondly remembering her time in the sorority, gave the sisters access cards that gave them access to a few special areas, most notably, the staff bathrooms. It was a privilege reserved for full fledged sisters though, so Jess wouldn’t be given a card until after her initiation.

Deciding that she didn’t have to go that bad, and that the 10 minute walk back to her dorm may even be faster than waiting in line, Jess began her walk home. It was a bit colder than she had thought, and her need to be pee continued to intensify, but soon enough she was back in her dorm and waiting for the elevator to take her up to her floor.

As she entered the elevator, she heard a few hurried steps, and Marcy, one of her fellow pledges, quickly entered the elevator with her. Excited to see her new friend, Jess quickly struck up a conversation, asking if Marcy would be attending the frat party that all the OMO pledges would be attending that night. Marcy said that she was, and they made a plan to have a quick drink in Marcy’s room then leave together later that night.

The elevator stopped at Marcy's floor and she walked off, leaving Jess alone. Being so close to home, Jess was reminded of her urge to pee and crossed her legs tightly until the elevator reached her floor and she headed for the bathroom, not even stopping to drop her bag off at her room. After entering an empty stall and hanging her bag up on the hook, Jess quickly relieved herself as she looked forward to the fun night she had ahead of her.

*003*2020-09-02 23:10

Chapter 4

Jess and Marcy giggled as they finished off the cocktails they had made in Marcy's dorm room and stood up to leave for the party. About 10 minutes in to the 20 minute walk from the dorm to the frat house, Jess began to feel a slight fullness in her bladder. It wasn't anything concerning though, given how often she had been drinking since she got to college, she was used to it making her need to pee more than usual sometimes.

Arriving at the party, Jess and Marcy quickly met up with some of their other fellow pledges who were talking to some of the older sisters. Jess was so excited to socialize with everyone that she forgot about her bladder for about an hour or so until it started to get pretty bad. She had had two beers since she arrived and she was definitely starting to feel those hitting her. Jess was talking to one of her fellow pledges, Isabelle, and as soon as there was a lull in the conversation she mentioned her need to pee. Isabelle agreed and the two set off to find the frat house bathroom.

What they found was of course not an ideal situation, about 6 people waiting for a small half bathroom, but the girls joined the line and continued to chat. By the time they had reached the front of the line, Jess was pretty glad she had gotten in line when she did as she found herself absent mindedly fiddling with the button on her jeans, but after a few minutes, the guy in front of her game out and Jess was able to step inside and relieve herself, briefly thinking about how good it felt to pee when drinking.

###

Two hours and several drinks later, Jess was starting to feel like it might be time to go home soon. She also was needing another pee and didn't want to use the bathroom here again if they were going to be leaving soon. Jess walked around the house until she bumped in to Marcy and asked if she wanted to go home soon. Marcy seemed quite energetic but agreed, saying she was going to go off and say goodbye to a boy she had been talking to before heading out. Jess agreed to wait for her in the main room in the meantime.

10 minutes later and no sign of Marcy, Jess a bit irritated and also was really needing to pee now. She was getting to the point where she really wanted to go home. After a few more minutes and no sign of Marcy, Jess let out an exasperated gasp and decided that she definitely needed to pee before she left. As she approached the area where the bathroom was, she noticed that as usual several party goers were waiting outside, and she was really dreading waiting in the line. Before she could take another step, Marcy suddenly appeared and said she was ready to go, not wanting to waste any more time, Jess agreed. She would just have to bear it until they got back to the dorm, it was only about 20 minutes and she always found it easier to hold it if she was actively walking toward a toilet.

Half way home and Jess was starting to regret her decision. She really really needed to pee now, her conversation with Marcy had gone silent and she was walking as fast as she possibly could through the brisk fall air, it was all Marcy could do to keep up with her. Jess really couldn't think of anything else besides getting back to the dorm and getting to a toilet. Unfortunately for her, they were about half way home when they walked past a boy who Marcy apparently knew from one of her classes. He was quite handsome and Marcy was clearly infatuated with him and struck up an enthusiastic conversation.

Forced to stop walking Jess crossed her left leg completely over her right and dropped into a nearly half squad. She tried to act happy and energetic as she frantically paced around in front of this pretty hot guy. After probably only 30 seconds of conversation, Jess couldn't take it anymore, she all but grabbed Marcy and insisted they had to get going. Marcy was pretty taken aback and as soon as the boy was out of earshot Jess admitted to her that she had to pee so bad that she would have peed per pants as they stood there any longer.

Finally out front of the dorm, Jess had reached the painful and throbbing stage. She had unbuttoned her jeans under her jacket and kept one of her hands under her shirt to try and soothe her bulging and protruding bladder. Marcy mentioned something to her but she didn't even hear it, all she could think about was getting to a toilet before she exploded into her pants in the lobby of her building. Jess darted through to the lobby to the elevators and was horrified to see a line for them. She dropped into a squat immediately and covered her face in her hands, mentally running through every option she had and thinking about all the dark places just outside the dorm where she might be able to sneak a squat, but she knew the police were always out on nights like this, she couldn't chance it.

Finally the elevator came back and she forced herself onto it, it was so crowded that she was basically pinned against the wall and she managed to sneak a hand down her pants to give herself a tight squeeze. Her sexy panties felt damp to the touch and she wasn't sure if she had leaked or was just sweating heavily from the effort of holding on. The elevator made its first stop and Jess was right at the front so she would have to step off to let the others out. She stepped off and looked back, seeing Marcy still standing inside. She couldn't do it, she couldn't get back on the elevator, she turned back around and began hobbling as fast as she could down the hall toward that floor's bathroom. Finally reaching salvation, Jess was panting like she had just ran a marathon and she could feel tears starting to brim up, as she entered the girls bathroom she and plunged her hand back down her pants, something she hadn't done since she was a little girl.

Standing in front of the 6 bathroom stalls was a groggy looking girl in pajamas, oh god, Jess thought, she was queuing, it wasn't possible, she was going to pee her pants like an elementary schooler right in front of this girl. Jess' head was spinning, her whole world inside her pants as she tried to ignore the gushing coming from the stalls, probably all girls returning from a night out just like her.

"You can go first..." Jess looked up and saw the tired girl looking at her with a gentle smile and gesturing to a just vacated stall, Jess could barely gasp out a thank you as she stumbled in. She felt the smallest trickle escape as she locked the door before finally getting her jeans down and finding her blessed relief. She gushed and gushed, it was one of those pees that seemed like it was about to end sometimes but never actually did, she had only had a few pees like this in her entire life and couldn't ever remember having to go so bad. As her flow finally softened, Jess quickly batted at the damp gusset of her panties with toilet paper before sending Marcy a quick text apologizing for hurrying her home. As Jess exited the stall, her bladder was still throbbing and she was still out of breath. She headed up to her room for a much needed nights sleep.

*004*2020-10-09 20:27

Chapter 5 (No desperation, just setting up for the finale)

The end of Jess' first semester was coming up. She zipped up her jacket as she walked out of her dorm into the brisk winter air. She was heading to the sorority house for a meeting with all the new pledges. She tried to ignore the nervous feeling in her stomach; the end of the semester was coming up and the sisters would soon decide who out of the pledge class was going to be crossing and becoming a full fledged sister. O M O had been the highlight of Jess' first semester and there nothing that she wanted more desperately than to become a sister. She felt such a sense of belonging in the house and really felt as through she had already found the lifelong friend's that she had hoped to meet at university.

Arriving at the house Jess was greeted by her big sister, Kathryn, who led her into the back living room where she was surprised to see only a handful of her fellow pledges waiting, along with Elle, the president, and a few of the other senior sisters.

Jess nervously sat down, there was tension in the room as all the girls nervously waited to see what would be announced. One final pledge entered the room then Elle began to speak.

"As some of you may have speculated, you are all here tonight because we've agreed that we would love for you to join our little sorority"

There were several relieved sighs among the pledges and Jess felt her heart flutter

"However, there is one final task that we do require all of our new sisters to complete, it's not hazing, we've all done this, it's part of our sisterhood, and we all agree that it makes us feel a lot closer to each other."

"As most of you know, one of the unique perks of O M O is access to the staff bathrooms on campus" Ell continue as she held up her keycard

"This is a pretty unique privilege that only our organization has, and several years ago, in the spirit of this luxury, some of our past sisters decided it's a privilege that should be earned, so that it can be fully appreciated."

At this point, Jess' nerves were beginning to return as she wondered where this was going

Elle turned back to the table behind her and picked up a small metal combination lock.

"On Friday, each of you will meet your big sister on campus for breakfast, where they will put one of these locks through your belt buckle, they'll then eat breakfast with you while you drink a bottle of water. They'll then give you another bottle of water which you will finish during your classes, and then they'll have lunch with you while you drink a 3rd bottle. After your last class, they'll meet you at meeting room 6B on the 6th floor Wanamaker Hall, where they will remove the locked and present you with your keycard and you will become a full fledged Sister!"

A silence fell over the room as the pledges looked around at each other, this was weird, Jess thought, she would do it, no question, but it was weird.

"I know this odd" said Elle, sensing the hesitation, "but like I said, it's something we've all taken part in and I think we all agree that it really will help to make you feel like part of the family. There will be a huge party here at the house on Saturday night in celebration of our new sisters, I can't wait to see you all there!"

With that, Elle left the room, there was a bit of chit chat, but everyone was seemingly in shock, the older sisters reassured everyone that this was not that big of a deal and that they had all done it, and Jess felt much better about everything by the time she began the walk back to her dorm. Friday wasn't going to be fun, but it wouldn't be the first time she had been forced to hold her pee for an extended period of time, Jess had always had a pretty good bladder. One day of pain for four years of sisterhood? That wouldn't be any problem at all.

*005*2020-10-22 15:32

Final Chapter:

The day had finally arrived. The day that Jess was going to finally become a sister of the sorority she had fallen so in love with. She walked in to the breakfast hall where Kathryn was waiting for her, grinning. Jess followed Kathryn into the restroom at the back of the dining hall which was seldom used and Kathryn pulled the small combination lock out of her pocket. "You can go one last time if you'd like" Kathryn said, beckoning to the stall.

Jess had just peed at her dorm before coming down, but she went in to the stall and managed to squeeze out a bit more, blushing a bit as she realized Kathryn was waiting just outside. Jess buttoned her jeans back up, exited the stall, and allowed Kathryn to click the lock in to place, then they exited the bathroom and went to have a nice breakfast.

"You'll be fine" Kathryn assured over their meal, clearly sensing the nerves Jess was having "It will suck, especially toward the end, but the feeling of finishing and becoming a sister will be well worth it"

"I'll never forget my last class, right before the end, I never in my life have come so close to peeing my pants, I thought for sure there was no way that I could make it, but somehow I held out, I just didn't have a choice, and the relief of finally getting to go, and at the same time becoming a sister, well it was worth a few hours of pain"

Jess nodded along, not feeling too talkative as she tried to process her feelings of nerves and excitement. The weight of the lock between her legs a constant reminder of what was to come. She had worn a hoodie today that went down far enough to cover the lock so no one would suspect what she was up to.

The girls finished their breakfast, and Jess her first bottle of water, which was larger than she had expected, and went their separate ways. Sitting down in the hall for her first class, Jess ran through her day in her head. It was just after 9AM now, she had peed in dining hall at 8:30. He last class would end at 3:30, so it was just over 7 hours that she would have to wait. Really not that bad, she reasoned to herself, she was never the type to wake up in the night to pee, this should be very doable.

###

Nearly an hour and a half later and Jess was looking through the now half empty water bottle on her desk in front of her. Her first class was about to end and she was already needing to pee. It wasn't bad, but on a normal day she definitely would have been hoping to stop by the restroom before her 11AM class.

Exiting a class, Jess found a quiet place to sit and enjoy her break. She took out some schoolwork and tried to use it to distract herself. She continued to sip on her water, knowing that she would have to finish it by lunch at 12:30.

Sitting in her next class, Jess tried to focus on the lesson and not on her bladder. She told herself that she was paying more attention to her bladder than normal because of her situation and tried to push it out of her mind, but she was really needing to pee now and on a normal day would definitely be looking forward to a pee break before lunch.

Jess was so preocupied that she didn't even realize class was ending. She quickly took the last few gulps from her water bottle, packed up her things, and headed to meet up with Kathryn at lunch.

###

"How you are holding up?" Kathryn asked as they sat down at a table

"Well I need to use the bathroom pretty bad to be honest, but I'm ok, I can manage"

Kathryn could see the look of dread spreading across Jess' face as she took out her 3rd and final water bottle

Jess got to work immediately, knowing she only had 45 minutes to down the whole bottle. Her bladder complained with every sip she took. She hardly touched her food and by the end of lunch was starting to feel really frantic, constantly swaying her legs under the table and unable to listen to what Kathryn was saying.

Standing up to head to her 1:30pm class afforded her some relief and she began to feel a little more confident even though her bladder felt like a balloon about to burst. This class would end at 2:20, then her next one was was 2:30-3:30, and then she would have her sisterhood and her relief, she could do it. It wasn't like she really had a choice at this point.

###

Just 15 minutes into the class and Jess was doubting herself big time. The 3rd bottle of water had done her in, there was no way she was going to be able to make it. In any other situation, she would be dropping everything to hurry to a toilet immediately. She tried not to make too much of a scene in class, but couldnt help but keep her legs frantically pressed together and constantly bouncing up and down, frequently rubbing her hands desperately over her thighs. Her entire body was now covered in a thin film of sweat, as if the water just had to get out somehow.

Jess thought back to an experience she had had in elementary school. In her youth, Jess had considered herself to have phenomenal bladder control, far exceeding that of her classmates. One year, she sat next to a girl who always seemed to have to pee and Jess would sometimes tease her about it. One day Jess came to school with a massive 1 liter water bottle and the girl dared her to drink the entire thing and then wait until the end of the school to use the bathroom. Despite being initially confident, Jess ended up in a similar state and had to beg the teacher to use the restroom. She remembered standing up and finding a small puddle on her chair - it definitely wasn't pee, it was almost as if she had sweat out some of the water.

She shook the deeply repressed memory and accompanying embarrassment out of her head and looked at the clock. 10 minutes left in this class, an hour and a half and she'd be on a toilet... an hour and a half... she really wasn't sure that was possible.

###

Walking out of class - she shot Kathryn a quick text:

"I don't think I can do this"

"You're so close, you got this!"

"I think I'm going to pee my pants before my next class even starts"

"I know the feeling, you can do it, it will be worth it, I promise"

Jess put her phone back in her pocket and turned toward the wall and quickly gave herself a quick squeeze, trying not to make a scene. She ducked in to an empty classroom and bent over, squeezing herself again and letting out an urgent moan. Her body reacted to the privacy with a brief, but unstoppable leak. Jess could feel the wetness in her panties as well as on her thigh, she ran her hand over her jeans and found them dry. Her face was red as a tomato now and her entire body was trembling, but she was in control again. She let out a frustrated moan and wiped a few tears from her eyes before heading to her next and final class.

###

Jess sat at the back of the class and was glad she did. Halfway through the 1 hour class, Jess had not heard a word the professor said. She sat with her head in her hands and was struggling to breathe properly, her mind was completely focused on the battle taking place in her pants. The pain was coming in waves and her seat was wet. She wasn't sure at this point if it was sweat or pee, but her jeans were at least dry as far as she could see aside from the sweat they had soaked up.

With 10 minutes to go, Jess definitely leaked, it was a massive spurt, she thought she may have even heard the hiss. The universe seemed to give Jess a break as class ended a bit early, Jess only noticed because the students in front of her started packing up and leaving. Jess slid everything on to her desk in to her backpack and hurried out of the room, mortified at having been that desperate to pee in a college class.

She now had to go up 2 floors to reach the meeting point, she decided to take the stairs as she didn't think she could possible wait for, then maintain any semblance of composure in a potentially crowded elevator.

She felt another leak as she reached the top of the stairs and walked toward the meeting rooms, trying to read the room numbers through the tears that had welled up in her eyes. She finally found the room and burst in, clearly a hot mess. Kathryn as well as a few of the other older sisters were there waiting "Oh, you're right on time, exactly 3:30" Kathryn commended.

All Jess could get out was a wounded "please" as she dropped both of her hands between her legs and bent nearly half over.

"Ok sweetie" Kathryn said "Just try and stay as still as possible and I'll get this off"

As Kathryn messed with the lock, Jess felt another squirt come out, just inches from Kathryns hands. The lock then clicked off and Kathryn quickly handed Jess a keycard. "Welcome and congratulations" she said, with a proud smile

Jess took the card and managed a smile through her tear covered face. She thought about just letting go right there, she had made it, but just then one, of the other sisters put her hand on her sweat soaked back "you can use that right over there" she said, pointing to a staff bathroom across the hall.

Jess turned and limped out of the room, swiped her keycard and entered the bathroom feeling another leak and as she locked the door behind her, she finally, finally, yanked down her jeans and collapsed onto the toilet.

Jess began gushing immediately and continued for well over a minute, letting herself cry with relief and joy as she felt the liquid that had been torturing her poured out. After she had finished she continued to sit on the toilet, catching her breath and inspecting the damage. Her insides felt almost numb and her panties were completely soaked, there were a few streaks of pee on the legs of her jeans. She pulled up her pants and tied her hoodie around the waste to cover the damage, as she washed her hands, she heard a beep and a frantic knock on the door, she opened it and the next new sister dashed in, not even waiting for Jess to leave before collapsing on the toilet herself.

Jess stopped by the meeting room and thanked her new sisters again before heading back to her dorm for a much needed shower and change, ready to enjoy the next adventure in her sisterhood.

