May 2022 Omorashi Writing Competition - Page 3

Author: WiiGuy86

*050*2022-05-05 21:57

3 is the winner! Here's the prompt again:

3. Character is in a sauna and waiting for everyone else to leave so they can sneak a pee (the toilet is broken or something). What they don't realize is that someone else has the exact same plan.

With a fairly good turnout on the voting, perhaps in a couple months we could do another of these prompts if we get a good amount of submissions.

Let the writing begin! The deadline to submit a story will be June 6th. You can submit stories by PM to me.

Also still taking volunteers for judges. Good luck!

*057*2022-05-22 23:53

Happy to see the submissions coming in and excited to read them! Still accepting volunteers for judges, only have 3 at the moment

Also working on my own story (not to be judged, just for fun)

*061*2022-05-31 21:59

Just a reminder to get your submissions in!

*062*2022-06-03 04:51

3 submissions so far:

Secretomoact

PeeHour

Flush

*065*2022-06-09 18:00

Yes, please everyone post your stories as separate threads - I didn't want to do that on your behalf. The forum auto merged all the posts, I meant to do them separately, in hindsight a series of blog posts would have been better

*067*2022-07-24 05:53

Just want to say I haven't forgotten about this. Apologies for the tardiness, was waiting for one last Judge to submit their results. I will announce the winner this week.

*068*2022-07-25 22:16

And the winner is:

Well, so we actually have a tie, between Kid_Omo and PeeHour. Congrats to you both!

To provide some transparency, here's how we came to these results, I had each judge rank the stories 1-6. For each story I assigned a point that corresponded with a Judge's ranking (for example Judge A rates Story A as their favorite, story A gets one point)

The winner is the story with the lowest total score, which was a tie

Here are links to all the submissions:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/78116-the-sauna-peehours-may-contest-submission/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/78183-sauna-standoff/?do=embed&comment=1984043&embedComment=1984043&embedDo=findComment#comment-1984043"

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/78109-twos-company/?do=embed&comment=1983340&embedComment=1983340&embedDo=findComment#comment-1983340"

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/78136-winter-sauna/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/78434-the-company-retreat/?do=embed&comment=1985921&embedComment=1985921&embedDo=findComment#comment-1985921"

Secretomoact never posted their story as a separate thread, but can be read here:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/78084-may-2022-omorashi-writing-competition-submissions/?do=embed&comment=1983037&embedComment=1983037&embedDo=findComment#comment-1983037"

Kid_omo and PeeHour, please DM me and we can discuss your prize.

Thank you everyone for participating! All of the submissions were fantastic and it was very difficult to judge.

Would there be any interest in another round?

