W Series: Shopping day

Author: Wet19

*000*2017-10-03 00:21

I'm going to start a new series on the fantasies I have of my wife. My wife thinks my fetishes are disgusting and refuses to do them, so all I can do is imagine. Don't worry, I'll still be writing in the Jenny series too. I'll differentiate between the two in the title by prefixing with either "W Series" (for wife series) or "Jenny Series". I will be referring to my wife simply as "W" sometimes. I hope you enjoy!

It was Saturday. We decided to go do our grocery shopping in the morning, grab some lunch, then hit the pet store to pick up cat food. First, we headed to our local grocery store. We walked around for an hour filling our shopping cart and crossing items off of our shopping list. Nothing exciting here, just normal shopping.

Next we headed over to the large shopping center where the pet store is located and stopped at Zupa's for lunch. It was surprisingly less busy than normal. We ate and talked for half an hour, during which time my wife drank a medium diet coke. I stuck with water as I gave up soda a couple years ago. After we ate, my wife went to the restroom, then I did. We left after that.

We got into my truck and drove across the shopping center to the pet store. I parked, turned the key off and looked at my wife as I reached for the door handle. She looked at me back with her pleading smile that I know all too well. I knew instantly that she wanted to stay in the truck while I ran inside to get the cat food. My wife gets social anxiety, so this happens frequently, thus with absolutely zero surprise, I said "You want to stay in the truck huh?" She stared back at me quietly for a couple seconds, as if distracted.

Then she finally spoke up "Well... It's the pet store, so..." I realized quickly that she never skips going into the pet store because she loves looking at the animals (she wants to be a vet). Curiosity got the best of me and I asked "Then why don't you want to go in?" She paused for a second, then she spread her legs and said softly in a quivering voice "I peed my pants..." I looked down and finally noticed that her crotch and insides of her thighs were glistening wet. The seat beneath her was soaked and I could see the wetness creeping up the denim of her jeans around her bum and leg.

I was instantly hard and wanted to fuck her right there, but I played it cool and asked "Didn't you go to the restroom at Zupa's?" Despite my best effort, I could not hide the smile on my face and the aching sexual desire for her right then and there. She smiled slightly and boldly proclaimed "yeah, but I wanted to pee my pants." Unconsciously I moved my hand from the door handle to touch my throbbing penis through my jeans. My wife noticed and smiled. She said with a glance at my hand "You'd better go get the cat food before you make your pants wet too." I felt an orgasm building as I gently but uncontrollably stroked myself. "Go!" she said again. With the last ounce of will power I had, I peeled my hand away from my rock hard penis and forced it to open the door. With every step my pants tugged on my erection and I hoped the bulge would not be obvious.

I dared not look down to find out. As I approached the doors, a gorgeous hot blonde walked out with her son of perhaps 3 or 4 years and a small brown lab on a lease. I judged her to be roughly my age and, in my tizzy of sexual excitement, I could not tear my eyes from her. I smiled as we passed and smoothly complemented "Pretty dog!" to remove suspicion. "Thanks!" she returned with a dazzling smile and, still incredibly horny, I couldn't stop myself from checking out her ass once I was past her. It was fine, and any other day I would have dwelt on it for a minute or two, but this time it slipped right from my mind and was quickly replaced with the image of my wife peeing herself in the passenger seat. My penis throbbed again as I imagined her releasing into her jeans as I sat right next to her oblivious. I quickly grabbed the cat food. There was no line and I got through check out quickly. I wanted nothing more than to feel my wife's wet jeans on her wonderful pee soaked butt.

I dropped the bag of cat food in the bed of the truck and got in the cab. Back in the driver's seat I felt once again the uncontrollable urge to masturbate as I stared at the wetness she had unleashed all over the passenger seat. She looked out the window behind me and said "someone is coming." I stopped stroking myself and started the engine. Once we were out of the parking lot, I resumed pleasing myself. I couldn't help it. She's too damn sexy!

Almost home, then I can throw her on the bed and we can- shit! I wasn't paying attention closely enough and accidentally finished. As I turned into our neighborhood hot cum squirted noisily into my pants making a large wet spot on my leg. "Couldn't hold it in huh?" my wife said with a large smile that told me it made her feel sexy. I validated her sense of fulfillment: "You are so fucking sexy!" Her face lit up and she giggled slightly. We pulled into the driveway and she grabbed a jacket from the back seat to wrap around herself. She opened the garage door as I grabbed the bag of food from the bed of the truck, being careful, at first, to stay facing the truck to hide the wet spot, then carrying the bag of food in front of me to cover it up. We walked into the house and I closed the garage door behind me.

My wife stopped in the middle of the kitchen, looked over her shoulder at me and said "I have to pee again." She threw the jacket on a nearby chair and as I set the bag of cat food on the floor I heard the sexy hissing of pee once again flooding her panties. I kneeled behind her watched intently as beautiful glistening wetness rushed down the insides of each of her sexy legs and pooled on the linoleum floor around her feet. Her socks and white shoes became very soaked on her small feet. I could feel my penis struggling to erect again but it was too soon after my last orgasm. The hissing stopped, to my disappointment, and the glistening slowly faded.

"Aahhh" she said cutely. I ran my hands all over her lower half, feeling every inch of her wetness, loving every bit of her. She was already horny from peeing herself and watching me masturbate to it, but my touching turned her on more and more. She let out gentle and barely audible gasps and moans as I ran my hands over her pee soaked crotch and butt. Without saying a word she walked away and headed up the stairs, leaving wet footprints across the floor. I stayed on my knees for a moment in awe about how sexy my wife is. Then I got up and grabbed a towel from the laundry room to clean up the puddle and footprints.

I came up the stairs and turned into our bedroom. I found my wife under the covers on my side of the bed. Already knowing the answer, I asked as I approached "What are you doing?" Again with that sexy boldness she answered "Masturbating." I watched with excitement as the covers moved, indicative of her sexy movements underneath. I pulled the blankets back to peak. She had crawled into bed fully clothed! Her pee soaked jeans were unbuttoned and unzipped, jammed inside her panties were both of her hands, and her sexy body gently undulated as she pleasured herself. Me standing there turned her on more. She likes it when I watch her masturbate, and I love to watch her do it. Suddenly I felt the urge to pee. I made no attempt to stop it and soon felt warm wetness running down my legs into my shoes and into the carpet. She breathed heavily and gradually growing moans were escaping her lips, unimpeded for my enjoyment.

Her body moved more and I could tell she was getting close, close to release, close to bliss, close to the greatest pleasure ever to be felt. She moaned loudly with slight convulsions as she climaxed. I stood there in complete bliss, still peeing my pants as my wife orgasmed in front of me. As her orgasm slowed so did my stream of pee. She wiped her hands on her panties and laid there staring at me with a fully satisfied look on her face. I leaned down and planted my lips on hers. We kissed for several minutes.

"Looks like you had an accident" she said indicating to my pants with her eyes. I smiled and said with a wink "I had to pee and didn't want to miss anything!" She smiled and pulled the covers back over her as she said "I'm cold." I said nothing and just stared at her lovingly. After a moment she said "I think I want to take a nap." I said "ok" expecting her to get up and change, but she just asked me to close the blinds on the window and then she closed her eyes. Sexy! I left the wet spot on the carpet, closed the blinds, and left the room.

I sat down at my computer desk to do homework until she woke up again. I wore my wet jeans for the next two hours until we showered together.

