Coming Home from the Bar - The Stages of Grief

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2021-06-12 03:20

As Jenny took a sip of her drink, she reflected that this would likely be her last one of the night. She paid the bartender and headed back over to her 3 girl other girlfriends. They had a fun girls night, getting dinner, then exploring a couple pubs before ending up at their current and likely final destination, an old historic hall that had been made in to a late night dance bar.

About 20 minutes and three quarters of her last beer later, she noticed that, unsurprisingly, her bladder was feeling quite full. She had gone before leaving the last pub, but that had been about an hour ago now and she had had a fair bit to drink tonight. Finding herself repeatedly distracted by the discomfort, she decided to speak up. Leaning in to her group and almost yelling over the loud music, she announced that she needed to go to the bathroom and asked if anyone wanted to come.

"Are we thinking we'll head home after this round?" her friend Ash replied, craning her neck to look at the bathrooms near the back of the bar "The bathroom line here is huge, i've been keeping an eye on it, it looks it will take at least 20 minutes probably more... we could get home a lot faster than that."

"That's fine with me, I'm getting pretty tired" said Ava, one of the other girls in the group.

The 4th girl Kristen agreed.

Jenny turned around and looked toward the bathrooms and could see that Ash was right. Somehow this bar only had 2 unisex bathrooms, and there were at least 30 people waiting. How was that even legal? she thought to herself in annoyance. She took half a second to take inventory of her bladder, she had to go, and wouldn't be comfortable again until she could, but Ash was right, it was going to take a while and her apartment, where they were all staying, was only a 10 minute ride away. It didn't really make sense to spend 20 or 30 minutes standing in line only to leave right after. She would need to go badly by the time they got home, but it wasn't an emergency yet, she'd be fine.

Agreeing with her friends, they decided to enjoy a few more songs, finish their drinks, then call a ride.

Jenny tried to her forget about her bladder and go back to dancing with her friends, but after a few minutes she clearly wasn't herself. She had finished her drink and was getting irritated that no one was making a move to leave. She took another glance over to the bathroom and wasn't surprised to see the line had not gone down at all, if anything it seemed to be worse.

"Should I call us a ride home?" she asked the group "I'm getting pretty tired"

Everyone agreed, so Jenny took out her phone and began calling a rideshare, getting a driver almost immediately.

"He'll be here in 7 minutes" she informed the group.

For the next 7 minutes, Jenny couldn't focus on anything but her bladder, glancing at her phone every 10 seconds as if it was going to make the driver come faster, counting the minutes until she would be home and comfortable again.

With 3 minutes left, the driver seemed to freeze in place. A minute passed, then a second, then a third, and finally he started moving again. Jenny was standing still now, clearly uncomfortable, and it seemed she had killed the vibe as her friends had taken notice and stopped dancing. She was a bit irritated with Ash, but looking back to the bathrooms again, she noticed a tall guy who had been at the back 15 minutes ago was still only half way. How could this place only have 2 bathrooms? Ridiculous.

With the driver now around the corner, Jenny herded her friends out of the bar. Standing on the streetside trying to spot their car, her need seemed to be increased.

"I have to pee so bad" she said to Ash

"Me too" Ash replied "Glad your not far"

Jenny thought that she was certainly going to be going first when they got home, jealous that Ash was still laughing with their other friends, clearly not at the same level of discomfort.

Finally in the somewhat chaotic scene outside the bar, they were able to spot their car and get in to it. They crammed in to the sedan, Kristen up front and the rest in the back. Sitting down made Jenny feel a little worse, she could feel the mass of hot liquid inside her and couldn't take her mind away from the intense pressure. Her friends made conversation with the driver but Jenny wasn't paying attention. She was squeezing her legs together tightly and bouncing her knees up and down. As the car started moving, she thought back to other desperate moments in her life. She always managed to survive. Just 10 more minutes and she would be her happy self again. She had already had her keys in her hand, ready to get in as quickly as possible.

Unfortunately for Jenny, the streets of the downtown area were quite congested with party goers and their rides, and things were going a bit slower than they thought. On one particularly bad street, they seemed to not move for a frustrating amount of time. Still deaf to the conversation in the car, Jenny let out a sigh as she placed her purse directly in her lap then subtly unbuttoned her jeans. Instantly feeling a bit of relief as her bladder was allowed to expand a bit.

Taking stock of where they were, she was dismayed to see they were only about 2 blocks from the bar, and there seemed to be a major disruption ahead, with police lights flashing. Jenny looked up at the ceiling of the car and gasped in frustration, this was nearing emergency status now.

After a few more minutes and the mood in the car dropping, the driver opened his door and stood up, attracting the attention of a nearby police officer who came over to explain the situation.

"Someone's passed out in one of the bars up ahead, we're bring in an ambulance, we'll probably be stuck here for about 10, maybe 15 minutes"

"15 minutes?!? Ash groaned, "we could almost walk back faster than that!"

"Why don't grab the night bus?" Kristen suggested, "It's only 2 blocks over"

Everyone agreed, and thanking the driver, got out and began walking to the bus stop. Jenny was ok with this plan, the bus came often on party nights and would drop them pretty close to their place. She was happy to be on the move again, sitting still in the car and making no progress had been torture. She was really in emergency status now, frantically looking for a place that might have an open bathroom, but knowing that the only places open this late were bars who were all in the process of kicking people out, she was just going to have to survive the ride.

Reaching the bus stop, Jenny looked down the road and was disappointed that she couldn't see the bus. Her friends sat down on a near by bench and resumed their chat, Ash with her legs tightly crossed.

"Guys I need to pee like really really bad" Jenny moaned "Is there anywhere around here I can go?"

"Probably not" Kristen answered "And if we go looking, we might miss the bus, can you hang on a little longer?"

"I guess I'll have too" Jenny pouted in reply.

After a few moments Jenny was becoming aware that this was going to be one of the biggest emergencies of her life. She was still standing, stepping from foot to foot, clutching her purse in front of the open button of her tight jeans. Finally she could see the bus approaching, and was the first one, heading straight to the back and being sure to grab a window seat so that she could give her throbbing pussy a much needed squeeze. The ride would only be about 10 more minutes, then a quick walk to her apartment, then this would be over.

5 minutes later, legs tightly crossed with a hand between them, Jenny was cycling through the stages of grief.

Denial - There's no way she had to pee this bad - mind over matter

Anger - Why hadn't Ash just let her go at the fucking bar?

Bargaining - If she could just make it through this, she would never let herself have to pee this bad ever again.

Depression - She was going to piss herself the second she stepped off the bus, like a child. She deserved the humiliation that was coming for being such an idiot.

Acceptance - As soon as the bus stops, she's going to squat. She has no other option.

"Jenny we're here, lets go" her thought spiral was interrupted by her friend dragging her off the bus.

As her feet hit the pavement, she felt her tortured pee hole open and a bit jet out, soaking the gusset of the cute panties she was wearing.

"Guys I need to squat!" she moaned "I can't do this, I can't hold this, where can I go?"

"Jenny don't be ridiculous, we're 2 blocks from your place, just start walking and you'll feel better."

Taking no time to respond, Jenny took off toward her apartment, a cute walk up she had just moved in to. Clutching her keys so hard in her hand she thought it might start bleeding.

Approaching the door, she realized her friends were still half a block behind. She wrapped one leg frantically over the other as she opened the first door, leaving it unlocked for her friends, then dashed up the stairs to her second floor flat, feeling her bladder jostle the whole way. She was half hunched over as she started on the second lock, another, larger spurt escaping this time. She dashed in, dropped her keys on the table, and went straight in to her bathroom, slamming the door, dropping her pants, and... finally, jesus, what a relief. Throwing her head back she peed for over a minute before beginning to get her bearings back. She looked down at her panties, they were soaked. It had been a long time since she had done that - but she didn't care. She felt like a new woman.

Pushing out a few last jets, she took a moment to catch her breath, her heart was racing, she could feel the heat in her face.

"Jenny we all need to go too" came Ash's voice, knocking at the door.

"Yeah, just a minute" she replied

Taking one last deep breath, Jenny reluctantly pulled up her panties, feeling the cool dampness of her mishap against her womanhood. She washed her hands, splashed some cold water on her face, then opened the door, allowing Ash to bolt in immediately, before heading to her room to change.

*002*2021-06-17 21:44

Thanks! means a lot from an absolute legend

