The Holding Games

Author: Whpwhp

*000*2023-12-28 01:12

Chapter 1: The Intro

"Welcome back to the Holding games! This year competing for the grand prize of £10,000 we have 3 new fresh faced contestants! Lets meet the newest competitors! First off we have Joy!"

Joy is a 18 year old - 5'6 medium build ginger wearing a green summer dress

"Hey Folks, My name is Joy and I'm going to win even if it kills me" She introduces herself with a spin flashing a tiny glimpse light blue panties to cameras. She smiles towards the host, a man wearing a sparkling suit who continues with his narrations.

"Isn't she just a beaut! Now joy beat her competitors in the semi final by a hairs length, she was bent over in her blue body suit a second away from a flood when poor Sam couldn't take it any more and soaked his shorts securing her position in this round here today! She might have bigger bladders to contend with however... leading us on to our second competitor of the finals, Brenn!"

Brenn is a 19 year old - 5'8 athletic brunet wearing jeans and a t-shirt

"Hey guys, I'm Brenn and in all honesty there is no chance I am going home without that £10,000 today. Its just simple science, guys can hold it for longer than girls" He waves and takes a seat looking nonchalant.

"I know folks, he seems cocky but in all honesty he has every right to be! He has floored anyone he has faced so far and not once have we seen him so much as fidget!! The voting came back definitely in his favour... our other competitors will have to try extra hard to take down this 'pee pro'! Speaking of which we now introduce our final challenger of the night... Lucy!"

Lucy is a 17 year old - 5'3 slim blonde wearing dungarees and long sleeve t-shirt

"Hello, I'm... well... lucy and... I plan on winning!" She moves awkwardly towards her seat and sits down.

"How cute, Lucy has been the underdog in her last couple rounds surprising everyone! For someone with such a small body she sure can hold it in! She even beat Angela from the 3rd round a giant of a woman who showed no signs of desperation till the last moment! Admittedly she had leaked a little by then but you know our rules... Only a total loss of control will send you out of the game."

All three contestants are given a large glass of water and 30 seconds to drink it all. Each do so. Lucy looks as if she struggles to get it all down in time but the other two finish it easily. The Host smiles and claps. "Each contestant has just been allowed to use the toilet and from here on until however long it takes to piss themselves they will be supplied a glass of water every 20 minutes... Lets check back in when things have progressed a little more"

1 hour and 19 minutes later, 3 glasses down.

Lucy and Joy are chatting absently as the fourth cups are brought. Brenn is sitting still staring into the audience, he hasnt moved an inch since the start. The 30 seconds to drink the cups starts and Lucy takes 33 seconds to finish it. She looks annoyed.

"well that is unfortunate Lucy... you did not drink your water quick enough and therefore you are to be given a challenge... Lets Spin the Wheel!!"

As the Host spins the wheel is flits past some of the options: 20 star jumps, legs apart for 1 minute, let a little bit out, push on bladder, plank, more water, strip, no hands... and lands on 15 squats. Lucy completes it easily looking relieved at the outcome. Joy shifts a little in her seat.

"Now that's out of the way lets check in with our contestants and see how they are feeling! Lets start with Joy!"

Joy ponders for a second as if to question how much she should give away. "In all honesty, I'm starting to feel a little bit desperate. Don't take this as a sign viewers, I am used to this feeling and will not fail! I will come away today with dry clothes unlike these two!"

"I like that resolve!! What about you Brenn?"

Brenn doesn't hesitate in answering. "I feel fine. Don't feel a thing"

"Well lets see how long that stays like that for! And now onto Lucy!"

Lucy sits back down on the seat after her squats and laughs "I'm just happy I didn't have to strip, drinking that much water constantly gets a little challenging, in terms of bladder... I could pee, I could not. I'm chill"

"Well lets see how chill our contestants stay shall we! Lets find out After the break!"

We Will Return After The Break.

*001*2023-12-28 02:11

Chapter 2: Desperation

1 hour and 39 minutes in, 4 glasses down.

"Welcome back loyal viewers! We continue with the finale of THE HOLDING GAMES!! As you can see we still have all three contestants in the games. Now you may think that I didn't need to point that out but let me remind you of a game that happened last season... Not only 1 hour in we had two contestants wet themselves. Poor Jane the 17 year old, jump-scared by a fellow challenger, who wet her shorts in a heartbreaking display of denial. The scare started the flow and no matter how many times she repeated the word no (which was a lot) and no matter how hard she held herself she just couldn't help but wet herself. And John who laughed so hard at the scene that he too joined her in the 'piss pants club'! Fun fact, that was the shortest game we have ever hosted! Anyways Back to the game at hand, Our contestants are about to receive their next glasses of water"

The three contestants drink, Lucy gulping it down quickly this time. Brenn chokes on his water and has to pause to cough, he finishes barely a second over the time limit. He curses and throws the glass knowing that depending the outcome of the spin this could ruin his chances at £10,000.

"Oh dear Brenn, your position may just be threatened by this unfortunate event but lets cross that bridge when we get to it. LETS SPIN THE WHEEL!"

The Wheel spins. It slows down and looks like it could land between an extra glass of water or plank. It lands on water. Brenn looks angry but tries to hide it, He accepts the water and drinks it diligently. Joy and Lucy share a look of slight smugness knowing that this could be Brenns downfall. Joy shifts slightly in her seat again trying to hide some discomfort. The host notices.

"And as Brenn chugs his punishment, Joy looks as if she is starting to feel a slight need to pee, care to comment Joy?"

Joy chuckles "Well i would be lying if i said i wasn't desperate."

"On a scale of 1 to 10?"

Joy responds after a second of thought and another rearrangement of her position "6 out of 10 maybe 7"

Brenn finishes his water and smirks at Joys already filling bladder, he looks over at Lucy and sees her cross her legs subtly.

39 minutes later, 1 more glass of water down.

"Well folks i would say its time to check back in with out 3 favourite challengers, two of which have been fidgeting for the past 5 minutes... Lucy how are you feeling? It's around this time that we normally start seeing some proper desperation"

After the last 40 minutes it is clear Lucy is now desperate, the water has hit her quicker than the other two. Joy also looks uncomfortable and is now sat crossing her legs every couple of minutes, her blue underwear showing every now and then. Brenn shows no signs of desperation but looks to be sweating a little.

Lucy answers back "I'm feeling about a 8 out of 10. I can't lie, I'm finding it hard to sit still" She bounces her leg slightly and shifts position as she speaks.

"And you Joy?"

Joy crosses her legs again and smiles. She is about to respond when the buzzer goes off and more water is brought out. All three contestants look as if they do not have any appetite for water as the countdown starts. Joy fails to drink it in time along with lucy. Brenn barely gets it down and goes back to trying to look impassive.

"Well well well, it looks like we have to spin it twice... lets start with lucy's spin"

The host spins the wheel... it turns slowly and lands on 'push on bladder'. Lucy looks very not happy with this outcome as the host walks over to her. She closes her eyes to concentrate and tries to sit still. The host starts a 30 second timer and starts to push on her bladder not too hard but hard enough for the pressure to affect her. She squirms slightly and moves to put her hands between her legs. The seconds countdown and the host gives one last little push, lucy lets out a small gasp but comes out dry. She fidgets as the host spins the wheel for Joy.

"Nice going Lucy! and now it's your turn Joy, which one are you hoping for or not hoping for?"

Joy looks nervous as she crosses her legs again "In all honesty at this point i would take strip over any of the others" She laughs

The host spins it and looks over to Joy with a slight smile as it lands on 'legs apart for 1 minute'

"Remember you have to have both legs touch the arms of your chair, if they close even a little bit the minute is reset... are you ready?"

Joy takes a couple deep breaths and opens her legs as the timer starts, her blue underwear on full view. She has her eyes closed in concentration and taps her hands quickly on the chair. She wiggles slightly at the 30 second mark and holds her breath. It is clearly difficult at this point to have her legs so far apart. With 20 seconds to go she goes instinctively to put her hand on her crotch and the timer stops.

"Joy I'm afraid we are going to have to restart the timer as that is classed as cheating..."

Joy goes to protest but instead gets back in the zone and tries again. At the 47 second mark she starts to really struggle and her breathing tenses. The seconds count down and the host starts counting down.

"10, 9, 8, 7"

Joy scrunches up her face and her hands ball into fists. A tiny dark blue spot the size of a penny appears suddenly on her underwear.

"6, 5, 3"

The spot grows slightly. Joy Looks very flustered and has tensed every part of her body. She is aware everyone can see she has leaked, her face turns red.

"2, 1. DONE!"

Joy throws her hands into her crotch and closes her legs in a flash. She seems to relax after a couple seconds knowing the worst is behind her... for now.

"Ladies and Gentlemen! As we reach our 2 and a half hour mark we have now officially had our first leak. I think this is as good a time as any to pause it here. We will be right back after the break!"

We Will Return After The Break.

*002*2023-12-28 18:01

Chapter 3: Stuggle.

"Welcome back loyal viewers to the holding games! We are now 2 hours and 39 minutes into our challenge and it looks like things are starting to get serious, 7 glasses in (8 in Brenns' case) with another on the way... I can imagine we are going to see some weakness soon. Lets check in with our contestants, how goes it Brenn, typically stoic he seems to be showing signs of desperation"

Brenn sits slightly hunched with his left leg moving around slightly "In all honesty that extra glass might not have helped me... Not that I'm going to beaten I'm just surprised that these two have lasted so long. Doesn't look like they will last much longer though." Brenn looks over at Lucy who has now delegated herself to bouncing up on down on the seat quite frantically with a hand in between her crotch. And then over to Joy who has stood up and is pacing around in front of her chair, She cannot stand completely upright at this point.

"It's true... you are looking a lot more put together than the other two competitors, Lucy how are you faring my sweet?" The Host walks over to Lucy who continues to bounce and shift.

"I'm... desperate now. But don't be fooled dear audience members, Brenn over there is more desperate than he is letting on. Half of this game is a game of the mind. He will not beat me in that game!" Lucy continues to bounce as she speaks but looks undeterred by her situation. She looks over at Brenn and sticks her tongue out, he responds by sticking his out too. Joy isn't paying attention to this back and fourth as the host turns his attention on her, She bends over with both hands in between her legs and stares at the ground unsmiling.

"And what about you Joy, you where the first of our three competitors this round to leak (that we know of)" He chides with a playful glance and Lucy and Brenn. "Still reckon you got this in the bag?"

Joy does a small half laugh and doesn't look at the host as she speaks. "Oh yeah... doing just... dandy over here..." She has to pause to take breaths as she speaks "It would seem... that peeing... a little bit... made it worse."

"How much worse?" The host prods.

"So much worse... I still have... faith in myself though." She starts pacing again still slightly bent over. Her hands have not left her crotch in a while. A buzzer goes off and more water is brought out. All contestants eye their glasses reproachfully and start drinking, Joy does this one handed and has to pause slightly every couple seconds. All three fail this task.

"This is a common sight as we get further down the line, fully bellies and even fuller bladders make it hard to chug water so quickly... alas lets get to spinning the wheel!" The Host seems happy at this outcome and walks towards the wheel. "Lets start with... Lucy" He spins the wheel, she looks nervous as the wheel spins... it lands on 'let a little bit out'. Lucy groans and starts to prep herself. "How much?" She asks cautiously.

"Remember with this task all we need to see if any visible proof that you peed a little bit without you wetting yourself. It can be as much as you want or as little but remember too much and you will be disqualified and lose!"

Lucy gets an idea and unbuckles her dungarees letting them fall to the ground, just under her long sleeve t-shirt she is wearing grey girl-boxers. "I can let out less this way and you can still see it" She reasons "Will have to pee more to get it through the dungarees otherwise" She sits down and concentrates. It takes a while but eventually a tiny spot appears on her underwear. As soon as this is seen she holds herself and clenches up, after a second she pulls her dungarees back up and smiles. "Easy, told you I am going to win" She sits down and gets right back to bouncing around in her chair.

"Impressive work and unorthodox technique" The host chuckles "On to you Brenn, I wonder what the wheel has in store for you today."

The wheel is spun and as the anticipation mounts Joy doubles over again holding herself. The wheel lands on '20 start jumps'. Brenn grimaces slightly as he stands up and gets right too it trying to seem nonchalant. After a couple of jumps he pauses and seems to tense his legs, afterwards he continues. During his jumps he looks as if his bladder is very uncomfortable. He pushes through and completes the challenge only for his right hand to instinctively go for his dick as he sits down. He grabs it and squirms a little in his seat. The movement has clearly made his bladder aware of how much he is holding.

"well well well" The judge comments "It has only taken this long but it looks like Brenn is finally showing signs of desperation! Something we haven't seen from him even in his past games! That extra glass of water seems to be not helping ay Brenn?"

Brenn smiles uncomfortably not wanting to comment. His hand is still clamped as he holds himself. "Yeah i guess these guys are doing better than i expected. Still, they got nothing on me. Plus soon it will be just me and lucy" He smiles and winks at Joy. Who is still bent over trying not to wet herself.

"Speaking of our desperate damsel over here, how you feeling Joy? Ready for your turn?" He doesn't wait for an answer from her before he spins the wheel. Joy watches as the wheel spins and lands on 'strip'.

Joy breathes a sigh of relief. "See... This one... i can handle... would absolutely... wet myself... if i had too... plank or some shit... still... stripping feels... kind of... embarrassing... in front... of so many... people." She struggles as she speaks and starts to lift up her dress. The wet spot on her panties has grown a little now and her legs clamp together tightly as she uses both her hands to take off the dress. Underneath she is wearing a blue matching bra. Her hands dart straight back to in-between her legs before the dress even hits the ground. She squirms uncomfortably crossing and recrossing her legs, now we can see her belly tensing and untensing with the effort to keep her pee in.

"Well folks, All three of our lovely competitors look to be quite desperate. But before we pause for a break we have a surprise challenge for all three of our competitors!!" All three look nervously at each other unaware of the segment of the show. "We where saving this for the moment everyone was relying on their hands for help to keep in the pee... from the ceiling three ropes are being sent down. Each three of you are to grab a hold of the ropes with both hands. The person who can stay like that for the longest will not have to drink the next glass of water..."

All three competitors look nervous as the ropes come down and hesitate to stand up tall enough to do it. Lucy is the first throwing on a brave smile and crossing her legs. Brenn is next and Joy follows suite soon after. The stage seems to stand still with anticipation as all three competitors show signs of struggling. Brenn even looks nervous and has to squirm a little. Lucy smiles clearly desperate and now her movements are getting frantic. Joys entire body is tensed, even her breathing seems to have come to a halt. She squeezes her legs as hard as she can and stares directly at the ground. "What happens... if we let go" She suddenly asks, worried. "Do we... lose or is... the point... only to be... the last one... holding the rope" She asks between tense breaths.

"Why do you ask?" The host teases clearly playing with her.

"I don't think... i can hold it... not without my hands" She clenches her face, her chest rising and falling very quickly. She uncrosses her legs and recrosses them clamping as hard as she can. "Fuck" She whispers as the damp spot grows bigger, a tiny droplet of pee starts making its way down her thigh and she lets go of the rope. Both of her hands grab at herself intensely as she tries with all her might not to let any more out.

"There is no consequence of losing this mini-game" The host responds as she sits on her chair and squirms around desperately. "Only the person who can hold on long enough gets to not drink the next cup of water. Speaking of which both Lucy and Brenn seem to still be going strong!"

Lucy is still frantically jumping about, crossing and uncrossing her legs at speed and Brenn is moving his hips a lot trying to keep the pee from coming out. Both realise that winning this rope game could make the difference and help them secure £10,000.

"Well folks this certainly has gotten interesting now! Who do you think will win?? Well either way you will have to wait and find out... AFTER THE BREAK"

We Will Return After The Break.

*005*2023-12-28 21:06

Chapter 4: Willpower

"Welcome back dear audience to The Holding Games! When we left off we were in the middle of the rope mini-game in which our lovely competitor Joy had to let go leaving Lucy and Brenn to continue struggling! Well i can tell you dear viewers 3 minutes later and they are still going strong! Lets check in with them shall we?" The host goes over to Brenn who is now using controlled breathing to remain in the zone, his eyes are closed and his legs and hips are still in non-stop motion.

"How are you holding up Brenn?"

Brenn opens his eyes and replies measuredly "Starting to struggle, i can hold it longer than this but without my hands I actually feel worried. Lucy here is a champ i can't deny that" He sways his hips some more, it seems as if urges keep washing over him. Lucy laughs and thanks him for the compliment still hopping around for fear of wetting herself.

"And what about you Lucy? Think you can beat big boy Brenn over here?"

"Oh yeah" Lucy boasts jokily "I'm actually not desperate at all" She says sarcastically as she hops from foot too foot trying in all ways to squeeze her crotch without her hands. Her voice is tensed as she speaks. Joy is still on her seat glad to be able to use her hands but still struggling. The host turns his attention to her and her nearly naked body.

"You seem to be sweating Joy... How you holding up?" He askes carefully.

"Oh fantastic..." She scoffs strained "I am using... all my concentration... I will win that £10,000... I wont pee... I wont pee" She grabs herself and sits on her heel on the seat, she as well cannot stay still for even a second.

"Any more leaks?"

"No... surprisingly not" The damp spot on her panties has not grown since she let go of the rope. He chest seems to be close to falling out of her bra with all the movement, she doesn't notice as all her attention is on her fatiguing bladder.

The ropes start to lift just a little bit higher meaning Lucy and Brenn have to stand up a little straighter. Lucy squeaks but continues to move around frantically rubbing her legs together. Brenn seems to be in pain as this happens.

"Well I have to say all three of you are doing a great job! This is the finale for a reason, we have not had a game where all three contestants have lasted this long! You three are truly masters of holding it in" As the host says this, as if by jinx, Brenn tenses up and goes completely still. Everyone notices this except Joy who is writhing on her seat. Lucy dances desperately looking up at the significantly taller Brenn with determination. She whispers teasingly to him "Let it out Brenn. Just relax and let me win. I'll make it worth your while"

He manages to get two words out in the strain "Shut up" And tries to go back to controlled breathing but its clear that he is now struggling badly.

"So Brenn" The host closes in on him "It seems like you are actually struggling, still cocky about your chances?"

Brenn doesn't answer back, his face steadily growing more and more red. He takes two gasping breaths as he struggles to hold it in, the extra water pressing on his bladder badly. This goes on for a couple minutes. Joy struggles in her seat. Lucy jumps around madly. Brenn stays silent and still.

After what seems like ages the tension is broken by Brenn. "Lucy are you really not going to let go??" He spits

"Nope" She smiles back briefly before going back to concentrating. Brenn grunts in frustration and somehow gets more red, his whole body tense. Eventually he lets go and both hands clamp around the outline of his dick and squeeze like vices. He struggles like this for a second before a spurt of pee comes explosively from behind his hand, squeezing its way through his pants, jeans and fingers. He manages to stop it but when he briefly takes his hand away there is a sizable wet spot on the front of his jeans.

"OH DEAR THIS IS NOT WHAT WE EXPECTED" The host roars excited. "Brenn has lost the rope game, Lucy you can now take your hands off you are exempt from drinking any water for the next round"

Lucy smiles and gratefully reclines onto the chair with both hands holding her crotch as she bounces. She smiles to herself as Brenn continues to hold himself stood up and bent over. "Not so great are you now" She flirts. He doesn't answer. Joy bends over in her chair as a wave of desperation hits her.

7 minutes later...

3 hours in and 8 glasses deep (9 for Brenn)

A buzzer sounds and only two cups are brought out, one for Brenn and one for Joy. Lucy watches, squirming, with a grin as the other two struggle to get their water down. Joy takes frequent pauses in between gulps to hold herself and Brenn tries to down the whole thing as he frantically plays with his dick from the other side of his wet jeans and underwear. Joy drops her cup and bends over with a squeal. Both hands between her legs she goes into a squat. "Doing okay there Joy?" The host asks. Joy is trembling and clutching at herself. A small trickle of pee comes out from between her fingers and patters onto the floor. Her inflated bladder seems to be attempting to void. "No..." She gasps "No I... I need to... win" She gets up and starts hobbling around the room no longer able to stand up properly. Brenn finishes his water in time and watches as Joy fights her body, her light blue panties are now mostly dark blue.

"I hate to tell you Joy that this does also mean you did not finish your water in time and now we need to... spin the wheel!!" The host says apologetically as he starts the spin. The wheel goes round and round and eventually lands on '15 squats'.

Joy is crestfallen. She takes a second and does her first feeble squat. She pauses and strains her body and then does a second squat, both hands never leave her pussy.

"Come on Joy" Lucy Chimes as she sits on her heel and frantically moves around. Brenn watches half bent over hand still covering the wet spot on his front.

Joy goes in for her third squat but has to bail out before she get even halfway. Her legs knock together and her face is screwed up. "I...will...not...lose" She gasps. She completes her third squat and then a fourth and then a fifth. "I... won't... pee" She squeaks in between breaths as she goes in for her sixth squat hands still clawing at her pee-hole. "I WONT PEE" She shouts and goes into her seventh squat but when she reaches the bottom of her squat another dribble escapes her clutches. In her attempt to stop the flood she falls onto her knees. She stays here for a couple seconds in a battle with her body, her left breast has been exposed in her struggle. "I... cant" She says quietly "It's... too... much"

"Come on Joy only seven more" Lucy calls out "You got this, think of the £10,000"

Joys body convulses as she fights with herself, She cant get back up and stays on her knees as she slowly starts to lose the battle. No matter how hard she tries her body starts to force it out. "Fuck... I.... cant..." she cries as her hands start to fill with pee. No matter how much she tries she can't stop, spurts start to jet past her fingers with force, pee runs down her legs. She contorts her body in every angle to stop it but its no use. Eventually it becomes a torrent of urine and she reluctantly give in. She lets go with her hands and a loud hiss sounds the stage as her body ejects the pee right into her panties. A large puddle forms beneath her and only after about a minute of pissing does she stand up, grab her dress and leave the stage, upset but with dignity.

"Ladies and gentlemen... I am speechless... Never have we seen someone so determined in the face of utter defeat. Please give it up for third place this season, The lovely Joy!!" The host claps and eventually redirects his attention to the final two. "Well, Lucy and Brenn. It is now between you two to see who will get the £10,000! Lucy you seem to have been frantically desperate since an hour ago and yet you are still dry, and Brenn you have already leaked but seem to be standing at least a little stronger now you can hold yourself again. Who will win? That is the question... It's time for you both to face the final challenge!! We will get right to it... after the break"

We Will Return After The Break.

*008*2023-12-29 21:35

Chapter 5: Floods.

"Welcome back Ladies and Gentlemen, to the holding games! As you can see we are down one competitor... Joy couldn't hold it in any longer and after a valiant attempt to hold back the flood she inevitably lost her fight but not without giving her absolute best! This leaves us with Lucy and Brenn, How are you guys faring?"

Lucy is still frantically bouncing up and down with both her hands in between her legs. Brenn is back to being sat down and is shifting his hips continually, he also has a hand clenching himself, his damp patch seems to have dried a little. Lucy pipes up first "Well i wont lie I'm pretty sure that i leaked a little when watching Joy wet herself. I am still going to win over Brenn here who seems to have not let go of his dick since the rope game" She looks over at Brenn and then down at his vice like hand with a slight cheeky smile. Brenn responds by chiding back "At least I haven't been dancing around for the last hour like a child about pee in her panties" He sticks his tongue out like she did to him earlier. She sticks hers back "Oh yeah keep pretending you didn't get a boner when i pulled my dungarees down earlier" She flirts with a wink. Brenn can't think of a response before the host picks up the slack, he goes slightly red.

"It seems like we have a couple of jokers here" The host chuckles "Time to see if these jokers an handle the final challenge..."

Both of them look around nervously as curtain behind them lifts showing off a basic obstacle course. Both Lucy and Brenn assess the course. It starts with 6 tires on the ground, then moves into a crawling section with netting and finishes in a small climbing wall only about 8 feet tall.

"As you can see the contestants do a step to step (they have to land a foot in each tire), They then need to crawl through the 10 metre stretch, finally they are required to climb up, over, and down both sides of the climbing wall. The contest is for whoever can do it the quickest, whoever loses has spin the wheel... now please pick between yourselves who should go first"

Lucy starts off instantly "If you go first ill show you my underwear again its only slightly wet" she teases still holding herself. Brenn blushes, seems to think for a second and then agrees to go first. He heads up to the course cautiously turns to the host. "When does the timer start?"

"When your first foot enters the tire" The host responds. "Are you ready?"

Brenn nods and starts off quickly. He can't stand up straight but keeps his hand on his dick for the tires. His longer legs allow him to do the step by step easily, he halts when he comes to the crawling section but soon awkwardly gets to the floor and starts the crawl. Twice during the crawl he pauses to hold himself but soon completes that too. When he gets to the wall he struggles to start the climb, he seems to really struggle keeping his hand away from his dick for too long. Halfway up the climb up he pauses and tries to hold himself but slips and falls to the ground. He stays on the ground for a second with both hands clenched around his cock. 

When he eventually gets back up it's clear that he has peed again, there is another wet spot on his jeans just a little smaller than the first. He stays in front of the wall for a second, psyching himself up for the climb. After a couple seconds he does a snatch breath and climbs up and over in a matter of seconds no more leaks. He looks over at Lucy proud but stiff and does a half bow. She responds with a half surprised clap and makes her way to the start of the course now dancing more and more frantically than ever. She stands there scanning the course as she holds herself, Brenn notices this hesitation and chides "Alright there Lucy? Looks like you're worried"

She responds with a middle finger and goes back to scanning. "Fuck it" She whispers after a couple more seconds and she starts sprinting through the tires without holding herself. After the tires she throws herself through the crawl area and takes a couple seconds to make it through, all the time making strained noises. When she comes out of the crawl space there is a wet patch in between her legs. She doesn't stop however and throws herself up and over the climbing wall with pace. On her way up the darkness spreads a little more. She lands on the other side and immediately doubles over both hands in between her legs, shaking and without her signature smile. Her butt is facing towards the Brenn who watches enamoured as the wet spot grows little by little.

"Having trouble there Lucy?" The host prods.

"I... peed... a... bit... but... its... under... control" She manages to squeak out. True to her word the wetness between her legs has stopped spreading but its clear that she is still fighting the battle to keep the pee in. Brenn is also struggling but hasn't leaked since the climbing wall.

"Please stand next to each other competitors. As it seems you are both on your last legs we have entered out final segment. Both of you will stand next to each other until one of you loses. May the strongest bladder win!"

Both Lucy and Brenn make their way over to the designated spots. Lucy hobbles now laser focused on her crotch and Brenn walks over hunched as he studies Lucy in her frantic state.

"The results have just come back to me and to no ones surprise Lucy cleared the course quicker than Brenn! So Brenn for your failure we will now... for the final time... spin the wheel" The host spins it and the tension is higher than at any point before. Lucys battle seems to be mounting. Brenn watches fearfully as the wheel spins. It spins... and spins... and spins... until eventually landing on 'push on bladder' Brenn groans and Lucys eyes flicker with hope again. She keeps bending over and screwing up her face.

"Come on then get it over with" Brenn huffs at the host, who without hesitation walks over and places his hand on Brenns bladder. The 30 second timer starts. Brenn starts off strong and shows no signs of breaking further. Lucy bends over again fighting another wave of desperation.

The timer has 20 seconds left, Brenns whole body suddenly tenses. "Come on you two, really fight for that £10,000" The host says still pushing Brenns bladder. Brenn has gone bright red again and seems to be wimpering.

With 15 seconds left Lucy gasps "No..." The darkness on her dungarees builds "I... Stopped" she struggles again as the pee marks her left thigh and stops just above the knee. "Any more leaks Lucy and I'm sorry but you will be out" The host says after receiving the message through his earpiece.

Brenn suddenly pushes the host away reactively as the timer reaches 5 seconds left and doubles over onto the floor. Both his hands are frantically gripping and contorting his dick. Lucy doubles over again legs crossed putting as much pressure on her pussy as possible.

"Brenn you only have 5 seconds left, if you want to win you need to get back here and finish your punishment" The host calls out surveying the scene.

But it's too late. Pee jets out of Brenn no matter how hard he clamps down on his dick and it doesn't stop. He tries everything in his frantic attempts but even as he uses all his force to stop the stream, it starts back up within a second. He looks over at Lucy as he soaks himself only to see that she too is wetting herself. She bounces in every way she knows trying to stop the flow but piss cascades out of her with force, down her legs, and out of her dungaree onto the floor.

The host watches in amazement as both competitors simultaneously soak their clothes. It takes nearly 2 whole minutes for both of them to finish but when they do both look at each other, pause, and just burst out laughing.

"I don't know what to say ladies and gentlemen... this has never happened but it seems we have a tie" The host stumbles over his words and doesn't know where to go from here. The stage is silent until Lucy pipes up "Wanna share the £10,000 Brenn? I'm good with a cheeky £5,000"

Brenn looks towards the host who only shrugs in disbelief and then back at lucy. "You know what, yeah alright that works with me" He smiles and walks over to Lucy. Both of them hug in their dripping wet attire and face the audience. They hold hands and bow. With one last look at the host they walk off stage, trialing wet footprints and piss behind them.

The host is alone on stage for what seems like an entire minute in stunned silence... "Ladies and Gentlemen of the audience, out of all seventy-three holding games so far we have just made history. Not once have we ever had two victors. Please...Give it up for LUCY AND BRENN THE WINNERS OF THE SEVENTY-FOURTH HOLDING GAMES"

The audience erupts into cheers as the stage fades to darkness.

We Will Return For The Water Quell Next Year.

*009*2023-12-29 21:42

Thank you for anyone who read this! I'm not that good at writing but this was still fun to make. Hope yall enjoyed it!

Also im not sure ill do another one. unless people want it then i probably will but i wanna write more stuff maybe just a different story of some kind... if anyone has any kind of particular stuff they would like written about let me know!

*013*2023-12-30 00:25

{{Just now, desperateseb said:

I really enjoyed reading that, thanks! A part of me wanted the host to get progressively more desperate too and see how that would have played out

}}

Fuckkkk that would've been a good idea yea! Wish i had thought of that ahaha

*015*2024-07-10 18:25

Chapter 1. The Water Quell.

The lights go up. The music Builds and crescendos. The curtains go up. The Host walks on stage.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome back to the HOLDING GAMES. This is the seventy fifth game so you all know what that means! It is the WATER QUELL. A game unlike any other before it! Double the contestants and double the prize pot. So without any further ado let me introduce our 6 Contestants that made it to the finals!"

The crowd cheers as 6 contestants walk on the stage.

"First off we have a returning competitor who got to the final last year but was first out in the finals! Please put your hands together for JOY!"

Joy is a 19 year old - 5'6 medium build ginger wearing a skintight light blue bodysuit

"Hey yall, last year was fun but this year i'm back for blood. I have been training all year round and am excited to be the next champion and win the £20,000!" She bounces as she speaks and her tight body suit shows the movement of her breasts, the host looks slightly distracted for a second and then snaps back into it.

"Thank you Joy! For all those who missed it last year... Joy won her other games by a hairs length but was floored when it came to facing last years competitors Lucy and Brenn (The only pair of victors ever) Here is Joys moment of defeat from last year"

The screen flicks on and the audience sees Joy in her light blue underwear on her knees trying with all her might to hold it. a small trickle of pee comes out from in-between her clenched fingers and patters lightly on the floor.

"Last year Joy was desperate basically from the start but she persevered and made it longer than anyone thought she would. She was a trooper, but no matter how hard her brain fought... she just couldn't hold it"

On the screen we see Joy try to get back up to complete more squats but can't as she fights with her bladder. Her left tit has escaped her bra but has been censored in the reshowing on the screen. "Fuck... I... Cant..." She manages to squeak before her body gives in and she adds a ocean to the puddle on the floor. and then the screen flicks off.

"It was a valiant effort Joy, we got many letters last year speaking of how people routed for you and were not disappointed with the commitment you brought to the game. Lets see if you can win this year!" The host moves over to the second contestant. "Hello Georgia... you are a sight for sore eyes... how are you feeling about your chances?"

Georgia is a 23 year old - 5,8 toned build wearing a crop-top and tight short-shorts

"I feel great" She boasts "I've always been able to hold my pee without much effort. Not much else to say really, ima win and that's that"

"Well I applaud your confidence, so far these games you have beaten everyone you faced without even so much as a leak. You wiggled and you bounced but you didn't pee. Your audience rating is the second highest out of any other contestant for the odds of winning. You must be proud?"

She nods her head with a cocky smile and the host walks over to the third contestant.

James is 25 - 6,1 medium build wearing light grey sweatpants

"Hey erm I'm James, I put myself forward for this thinking i wouldn't get far but... well here i am... in the finals. I would love to have the 20,000, I will try my best to win it" He says slightly nervously.

"James won his previous games with a relative confidence. Only in the semi finals he leaked quite heavily in his struggle against Jazmine. Lets take a look at the footage of that shall we?" The host says this and the screen flicks on again showing James in jeans fidgeting intensely, opposed to him is a blonde girl also fighting to keep in her piss. They are both red faced and seem to be on the edge of losing control when James hunches over suddenly and an aggressive spurt of pee hits the front of his trousers and makes itself visible. He regains control and grabs himself in his effort to keep the rest in. 

Jazmine sees all of this and with anticipation of her win relaxes for a half second. Her mistake is evident as she makes a strained face and grabs herself through her red flowing dress. She seems as if she might pop a blood vessel with the effort. She twists and contorts, her legs are moving nonstop. In her irregular strained movements the audience start to notice drops of pee hitting the ground around her and travelling down her legs. She's wetting herself as she tries everything in her power to stop. She takes one last look at James who still has the wet outline of his dick in a tight clasp and winces as pee comes involuntarily out of her. The red dress turns a dark violent shade as the drops of pee on her legs are collected by the flow that cascades down to the floor with a splash.

"what a fight those two had last week... truly awesome. It was only after James had been told he was through to the finals did he try to take his cock out right there and then to piss on the stage.... only to let the rest out in his jeans as he fiddled with his belt."

James looks slightly embarressed as they show the clip of him soaking his jeans in a desperate attempt to unlock his belt.

"Anyways... on to our fourth contestant!"

Jess is a 20 year old - 5,5 wearing skintight dark grey jeans black hair and baggy tshirt

"Sup dickheads, can i say that? eh i dont care anyways. You should vote me. Why? I'm into this shit, I know my bladder. I will beat all these twats. I'll do it all whilst watching the other girls piss themselves just because it turns me the fuck on."

"Folks last year we had Brenn and this year we have Jess, Jess hasn't shown a single sign of desperation in the challenges leading to this one... a feat rarely seen on this show. That is why she has been rated number one for most likely to win!

Jess does a half smile and goes to sit down.

"Out fifth contestant seems to be dressed rather formally" The host walks over to a the fifth contestant.

Kimberly is a 30 year old - 5,7 wearing a smart work shirt and pencil skirt with black leggings underneath.

"Hi there. I am only doing this because £20,000 is a chance too good to miss. I've gotten thus far so I can beat the others too. If I win this I will put the money into starting my own business." She smiles politely and takes her seat too, sitting straight of posture and dignified.

"She looks put together now but in all fairness she is a rookie at this game, In all games up to this one she has been an inch away from defeat each time. She just about soaked her work suit in the semi finals. That game she won by a technicality." The host yet again indicates towards the screen which then flicks on showing the audience Kim hopping around in heels and a suit, her makeup a mess with the sweat from exerting herself. There is a large puddle next to her where the third contestant lost. 

And to her right is Zeke sitting completely relaxed. Zeke watches without a care as Kim desperately presses her hands against her crotch to aid her weakening bladder. She stops and the fidgets, stops and then fidgets. The third time she stops, a clear prominent line of urine makes its way down the inside of her left pant leg. She looks up at the host as if for help for a split second until another wave spills out of her left suit leg. She looks around desperately looking for something to help her predicament but its fruitless. A harsh hissing sound fills the stage and she looks down helplessly watching her pee soaking through her expensive pants.

"Now for those who didn't watch that episode will be confused about why we just watched dear Kimberly wet herself and not Zeke... Well it turns out we had a cheater playing that week. Zeke had been secretly pouring his water into the back of the cushion on the sofa and was disqualified. Therefore everyone please give Kim a warm welcome. Kim lets hope you can hold your bladder better this time aye" The host jokes with a cheeky wink. He pauses for a second to see if she has something to say back but she has gone slightly red after seeing the footage. He moves on to the sixth and final contestant.

Matt is 24 years old - 5,10 Muscular Build wearing cargo trousers and a tight tshirt

"Wassaaaaaaap" Matt says to the audience. An awkward silence fills the room. "Nevermind... okay fine no one says that anymore. Hey I'm here for fun and fame! The money just sweetens the deal. I have watched this show since I was a kid but never thought i would get this far!"

"Matt maybe an avid fan but he still has some room for improvement on his technique... in his semi final he leaked after making himself laugh... in all fairness he did make the other contestant wee down her legs" A short clip plays where a girl wearing baggy jeans is laughing at Matt doing an impression. "stop... making me... laugh... im gonna... oh my god..." She pulls her hand away and there is a large dark circle between her legs. She stops laughing for a second until she sees that Matt also leaked with laughter. She cant help but laugh even harder. Tears stream down her face as piss streams down her legs.

"Well Ladies and Gentlemen.. we have met our contestants for todays WATER QUELL. I bet you, like me, are very excited to see them duke it out for the £20,000. With that Ladies and Gentlemen we will get our contestants their first glasses of water... We will see you after the break!"

The six contestants:

Joy: (Previous finalist) 19, Light blue body suit.

Georgia: 23, Crop top and Short shorts.

James: 25, Sweatpants and tshirt.

Jess: 20, Dark grey skinny jeans, baggy tshirt.

Kimberly: 30, smart work shirt, pencil skirt with black leggings.

Matt: 24, tight t-shirt and beige cargo trousers.

WHO WILL WIN? LEAVE PREDICTIONS IF YOU WANT 🙂

