A desperate walk home... (Holly's start)

Author: Whpwhp

*000*2020-03-03 21:33

Okay so i wanted to make a character who lives through some experiences and they will all be on this thread here. I hope you all enjoy these.

Chapter 1 Holly's Realization.

Holly was a regular girl. She was ordinary in every way. Sometimes she caught guys looking at her but other than that she was invisible. More importantly she had only ever wet herself once, when she was 7 and she couldn't hold it in the car.

She stopped and grabbed her crotch. She couldn't believe she hadn't gone to the toilet at school. She had rushed off home for the start of the summer without thinking about her bladders discomfort and now she was about to wet herself on the way home. Her bladder ached with every move. She hadn't been this desperate ever before and was starting to doubt that she would make it at all.

Her pink cotton panties where clinging to her rounded butt underneath her skirt. She was also wearing a school shirt that showed her pink bra slightly underneath.

She carried on walking again determined to make it.

"Come on Holly, You,re 16 years old! You aren't going to wet yourself walking home from fucking school!" she repeated over and over in her head. The idea of wetting herself was so alien to her, pee should be in the toilet not in her panties. SO WHY WAS SHE STRUGGLING SO MUCH TO HOLD IT IN?!

She stopped again to hold herself. She bent over as an urge swept through her causing her bladder to push. She clenched all her muscles and held it in. Her vagina muscles where fatiguing fast however. She had to get home quick.

She looked at where she was and estimated that she had about 15 minutes left of the walk. She started to walk faster when a voice came from behind her.

"Hey Holly!"

She turned around to see Max running up to her.

"Hey Max whats up?" She asked as calmly as she could, her hands no longer at her crotch. She had stood up straight when he came up to her making her bladder feel way more tight.

"Not much, just saw you and thought i would walk with you until we pass my house" he replied.

Holly liked Ben, he didn't take shit from anybody and displayed no shame in just being himself. Yet right now she didn't want to see her friend. They walked further on. The pressure in Holly's bladder was becoming unbearable and she was finding it hard to stand up straight.

"Ugh so glad we don't have to see Ms Hedgeway until next year" Max sighed.

"Ye... she's such a drag" Holly muttered trying to sound as normal as possible. She caught her self leaning forward slightly and straitened her body. Her bladder pushed and her muscles spasmed. A tiny drop of pee leaked its way out of Holly. She clenched as hard as she could and panicked. She was about to wet herself like a 3 year old in front of someone. She felt the droplet make contact with her panties. Holly felt cold, her mouth was dry and she was starting to shiver nervously.

"You okay Holly?" Max asked "You seem a bit off"

"Ye... ye im... who am i kidding Max I have to pee." she laughed nervously.

"Oh well you can use my house if you want. Its only like 5 minutes away" Max smiled.

She hadn't thought of that! Maybe she would make it after all. 5 minutes isn't that long! She bent over slightly but still didnt want to grab herself in front of Max.

"Ye that would actually be really helpful tha..." She stopped. An urge came over her forcing her bladder to push out its contents. She grabbed her crotch and bent over. Clentching every muscle she had Holly stood there as her poor muscles fought off another urge. She tried as hard as she could but a small leak trickled out of her burning pee hole. She felt a small warmth spread throughout her vagina and doubled over still fighting the urge.

"Holly are you okay?" Max asked.

"I... I'm fine don't worry" She replied with a clenched face.

"You dont seem fine..."

"I'm FINE" she shouted. Another small trickle came out. She could feel a bead of pee run down her bare leg. "Lets just hurry please i don't think i can hold it much longer."

"Why don't you go in a bush?" He replied casually. Only to be answered with a glare.

The urge passed and she started walking fast again. He could now feel her underwear was damp.

"Here we are" Max said as they walked up to his front door. He casually looked for his keys in his bag. Holly watched as she struggled against her enlarged bladder. The pain was unbearable and she could barely think. She felt red in the face as another small trickle came out of her.

"Max please hurry i REALLY need to go." She felt a couple of froplet of urning go running down her legs. Max was still rummaging around for his keys.

"Max please I can't hold it in much longer" She felt more pee escape her. Her bladder was on its last legs.

"MAX HURRY" she shouted as a quick squirt of pee came crashing out of her. Holly noticed it made a very small hiss when it came out. She hoped from foot to foot hoping he didnt hear the hiss. Max was becomign more and more panicked as he looked for his keys. He couldn't find them at all!

Holly felt an urge start to come over her. She knew she wasn't going to survive it. She was going to pee her panties full force in front of Max. She didnt't know what to do. She could barely think. Another quick spurt came. Then another and anpther and another. She was wetting herself. She ran behind a bush nearby and pulled her panties down as it came out full force. Her body was expelling the urine hard.

"Holly i got it open... whatcha doing behind there?" Max came round the bush and saw Holly crouching with tears running down her face. She saw him and yanked her panties back up whilst still peeing full force. She tried to stop it but couldn't. Max looked away realising what was happenning but it was too late. She had finished.

She stood up crying. How could that have just happened?? She had wet herself like a child.

"I'm really sorry Holly. I really am. I didn't see anything i swear" Max apologized.

"Don't worry. It's my fault. I'm sorry" She walked off feeling grateful that she was wearing a skirt to hide what had happened. She would text Max later to apologize and make things less awkward.

When she got home she had a shower. But during the shower she couldn't help but think about what happened. She realized the more she thought about it the more turned on she got... She couldn't stop thinking about how warm it was and how good it felt to relieve the pressure.

She thought some how in some weird way she was... glad that it happened.

She couldn't help but thinking.... She wanted to do it again...

*002*2020-03-07 11:44

Chapter 2 Holly's day alone.

Holly woke up. She checked her phone and saw that it was 9:37 in the morning. She loved the holidays. She was now a couple days into her summer holidays and still hadn't forgotten about her experience. She got up and brushed her teeth. She then pulled her pajamas down to go to the toilet but then stopped... maybe she shouldn't go to the toilet just yet, after all her parents weren't home today. She pulled up her pajamas and went down stairs to have breakfast.

As she waited for her toast to be done she noticed how weird it felt to not have gone to the toilet first thing in the morning. She already could feel a pressure in her bladder. She felt slightly naughty like a misbehaving child and it excited her. How far was she going to go with this?? She made some coffee...

2 hours later and she was browsing Netflix for something to watch. Her bladder was growing ever more full and she shuffled slightly on the couch, she was getting quite desperate. Why was she doing this? She felt herself getting turned on by the thought of needing to go to the toilet so much.

Another hour later she was playing some video games and moving around on the couch quite a lot. She sat on her foot to help herself as she played. She loved the feeling so much that sometimes she felt herself starting to massage her crotch. It felt so much better than normal with a full bladder. She was very desperate now and could feel the pee trying to escape. She paused the game and held herself quickly, god she felt so good.

30 minutes on and she turned the game off, she couldn't play anymore as she was so distracted by the mass pressure in her bladder. She was fidgeting a lot and could feel the pee trying to force its way out of her pee hole and in to her panties and jeans. She still didn't know how far she wanted to go yet with this but she had to make her mind up soon. She got up and went upstairs to her room to scroll through Instagram. She lay on her front with her hand on her crotch and the other one holding her phone. Every now and then she would have to put the phone down and grab herself with both hands. She squirmed on the bed constantly trying to hold it in. She felt amazing like she was floating on air. She decided to not hold herself at all and see what would happen.

Not only 3 minutes after she decided to stop grabbing herself she felt an urge come over her. Her hand twitched automatically wanting to grab herself but she stopped it. She crossed her legs and fought of the urge herself. She squirmed on her bed whilst grabbing the covers and scrunching it up. She was still dry. She could feel the pee trying to explode out of her. If she got up to go to the toilet now she wasn't sure if she would make it without any leaking. She tried to go back on her phone but couldn't concentrate on it and ultimately put it down.

She continued to try not to grab herself but as another urge came over her she knew without assistance her bladder would give way. She could feel her muscles getting tired and every couple of seconds her bladder would spasm. She put her hand on her crotch and grabbed at her vagina. She some how stayed dry. Holly got up as she didn't want to pee on her bed and bent over quickly. The very act of standing up had made her leak... She could feel the pee make her panties damp and it spread throughout her vagina. She hobbled to the bathroom letting out two very small leaks along the way. She looked down and she saw a very small wet patch on her tight light blue jeans. She could feel herself get incredibly turned on by seeing this. She sat down on the closed toilet seat with her legs crossed and her hands tightly grabbing her crotch. She fidgeted and moved around constantly. She knew she wasn't going to last long now.

She held and held and held until her bladder seemed to try and push out her pee. She put as much pressure on as she could and crossed her legs as tight as possible only to feel a small trickle of pee make its way out of her. The small trickle didn't stop and had become a steady leak. No matter how hard she tried she couldn't stop it. She could feel her panties getting more and more warm and wet every second. She was starting to wet herself.

"oh my god" she whispered to herself, she was more turned on then she had every been. She was wetting herself like a little child and she couldn't stop it no matter how hard she tried. She stood up to try and hold it in better.

The small leak had now reached her jeans and she felt dampness on her fingers. She struggled for a couple seconds more until the escaping pee turned into a steady stream. Her tired bladder was pushing out its contents no matter what she did. In no time she was steadily soaking herself. She felt the warm urine spread throughout her butt and crotch and then down her legs. She saw a small puddle form at both her her feet as her jeans became more and more drenched. She finally let go knowing that she had lost the battle and felt the torrent of pee come bounding out of her now relaxed pee hold. The steady hiss and final relaxation made her feel so much pleasure she moaned. She though it was possible she had just orgasmed for the first time in her life. She felt the flow finally die down, her bladder thankful of the release. Holly looked down and saw the massive puddle under her. She put her hands down her trousers and felt her soaked panties. She started to rub...

30 minutes later she was lying on her bed in fresh clothes and having cleaned up her experience.She felt amazingly satisfied yet she wanted more. She knew she wouldn't leave it long to try that again. Maybe she would look up some challenges on the internet and see if she could complete them...

*004*2020-07-17 14:34

Chapter 3. Internet Expirience.

Holly woke up and felt a familiar sensation in her bladder. She smiled, excited to venture into the taboo feeling again. She hadn't been home alone for ages but now she was. She had today all planned out:

1: Go to the toilet before bed but then drink two glasses of water before she slept.

2: wake up and act normal until her family left at 11am

3: Find a challenge to try and complete on the internet

She got up and realized her bladder was more full then she thought. Holly stripped off her baggy pajamas and slipped into comfy clothing for the day. She chose some grey jogging bottoms and a baggy long sleeve top (no bra). She put on some light blue panties underneath and some regular black socks.

Her parents where busy eating breakfast when she came in. She tried to stand normally even though the pressure in her bladder was surprisingly uncomfortable already. "Hey sweetie, Your dad and I are gonna head off in a bit and we wont be back until late. There is some pasta in the fridge for dinner." Her mum said before biting down on her toast. Holly went and poured herself some orange juice and got some toast.

She sat with her parents and chatted until they left. She couldn't help thinking it was lucky that they left as she was already finding it hard to sit still. She said her goodbyes and the front door closed. She stood there for a second excited about the day ahead of her.

She went upstairs and turned on her laptop, she typed up 'pee holding challenge' and too her surprise there where a lot of them. She picked one and read what it. First rule of the challenge was to not hold herself at all during the desperation. That was gonna be hard. Second rule was drink water every half an hour. Again, hard. The third rule really excited her however, Every 15 minutes spread your legs far apart for 1 minute and let every muscle (except the ones you need to hold in pee) relax.

She grabbed a glass of water and put on the tv. 15 minutes later she spread her legs and relaxed. It was difficult to hold it in like this even if she wasn't on the edge of an accident. She felt all of her body concentrate on her uncomfortable bladder. If she was to give it a number she would give it 7/10. She smiled, excited by how quick she filled up and how long she thought she could hold it. She gave herself a goal: if she made it to 8pm she could pee in the toilet. She liked having a goal even if she didn't really want to make it.

The more she thought about her need the more she felt tingly again just like last time. Not focusing on the tv she slowly slid her hand down under her waistband and panties. She smiled widely feeling such a sensation. She wanted to save it for later however and took her hand out... for now.

She did as the challenge suggested for the next 2 hours with growing desperation. She now couldn't sit still and she swore she nearly leaked when legs spread. Her hands wanted to hold her crotch to ease the tension and please herself but she kept stopping it from doing so. Another 15 minutes passed and she spread her legs again and relaxed. Her muscles in her bladder and vagina where now getting more and more tired each time. She closed her eyes trying to stay relaxed, she felt her self getting closer and closer to leaking. Her body suddenly tensed and her hands shot into her crotch as she leaked a small dribble of urine into her panties. Annoyed that she had held herself she sat on her hands but she could feel herself getting really turned on by the fact she was starting to have an accident already.

Another 15 minutes passed and she got up to get some more water. As she stood up she noticed how much she really needed to go. She was definitely a 9 now. She crossed her legs for a second and walked into the kitchen. As her glass filled up she had to cross her legs again and bend over. She tensed her muscles and felt another small dribble escape her. She drank the water and waddled to the stairs. She was close to having an accident now so she would go to her room. She sat on her bed and let her legs spread again relaxing everything but her vagina.

She couldn't do it for more than 15 seconds before having to close her legs again. She spread again determined to make it to the end and relaxed. She could feel the pee about to come out. She wanted to grab her crotch and close her legs. If she didn't she was gonna pee. But she was determined and kept them opened. She counted down the seconds increasingly doubtful she would make it. 10, 9, 8, It was on the edge, 7, 6, a dribble of pee started to come out and didn't stop, 5, 4, 3 she really could stop the small leaking, 2, 1. She clamped her legs shut and squeezed with all her might as a massive spurt erupted out of her. She managed to stop any leaking but got up instantly to see if it got on her bed. There was a damp stop the size of a dinner plate on her covers and her jogging bottoms had a large damp spot on her bum. She peeked at her light blue panties and saw them soaked.

She looked at this and felt massively turned on. This didn't last long however as another urge swept over her quickly and bent over, hands gripping her thighs and every muscle tensed to hold it in. She doubled over and tensed every thing she could to hold it in. She realised after a couple of seconds that she was leaking again. It wasn't small either. It was steadily going down her legs. She couldn't stop it no matter what she did. All she could do was escape to the bathroom as quick as possible to keep the carpets clean. She hobbled over still peeing in her clothes and opened the bathroom door. She looked down and saw the wet patch still travelling down. It reached her socks and she felt the warm pee cover them. She enjoyed the feeling on the pee coming out of her and straight into her now soaking cotton panties and grey jogging bottoms. She let go.

The pee came out with amazing force. She heard the hissing of the pee on her underwear and decided to sit down. She was still soaking herself on the floor for the next 45 seconds. And then it was over. She sat there in bliss. Every feeling in her body exploding. She slipped her hand down her waistband again and felt the soaked underwear. She pressed the wet material to her vagina and rubbed. The feeling erupted inside her as she got faster and faster...

11 am that night she lay in her fresh bedding browsing social media when a text came through. It was from Max.

'Hey Hols, Having a party at mine on friday... wanna come?'

She smiled. Her and Max had been getting really close since that day...

'Obviously'

Another chance to see Max was a good thing she thought. Tons of unpredictable things happen at parties...

*006*2020-07-18 12:09

Chapter 4. The Party.

Holly was excited. She hadn't been to a proper party yet so this was a milestone in her life. She had asked her parents and they had agreed after hours of begging from her. She finished putting on her make up and looked at herself in the mirror. She couldn't help but notice how unfamiliar she looked to herself, She didn't normally wear dresses and put on make up. She was tonight however. Her phone went off.

"Hey Hols is Max! excited to see you at the party tonight!"

She smiled. The party wasn't the only thing she was excited about. Max had grabbed her attention lately. She had started to notice little things like his smile and how they attracted her to him. He was her first proper crush. He wasn't a cool guy by any means though, If anything it was weird that he was hosting the party. Max was just an average kid who didn't take shit from anyone and he made friends with everyone he knew. She was excited to see him tonight.

She got in the car with her mum and they drove to Max's house.

"Just remember to be sensible please sweetie" Her mum said as Holly got out of the car.

"Will do mum" She smiled back. Her mum hadn't given her a strict time to leave the party but asked that it wasn't too late. She said bye to her mum and got out the car. "Remember to drink lots of water!" Her mum called out as she drive off.

Holly walked up to the door and heard music playing in the house. Her stomach turned... this was where she had first wet herself. She looked over at the bush where she had peed. Had Max seen her without her panties on? She didn't know if she hated the idea of that or liked it. Tonight wasn't a night for her secret kink however. Tonight was a night for fun.

"Hey Hols" Said a voice behind her.

She spun around to see the front door had opened. It was Max.

"You gonna come in or..." Smiled Max. Holly could swear his eyes flicked to the bush where she was looking for a very small second.

"Sure, yeah" She smiled back.

The sight was amazing. People dancing. People Talking. People drinking. She looked around and her eyes fell on Max. He was looking at her too. She couldn't help thinking how nice he looked in his shirt.

"want a drink?" He said after a second. He returned with two beers, one for him and one for her.

"So what do we do at parties" Holly said anxiously.

"Well you start off by doing this..." He lifted the beer to his lips and chugged. He finished the entire can in one go and then laughed. Holly laughed too and did the same.

"What now?" she laughed.

"dance?" he replied slightly nervously.

"fuck yeah lets dance" She blurted out.

They had so much fun. For the next Two hours they danced and drank alcohol. She hadn't drank before but could tell she definitely enjoyed it. Her nerves had gone and any worries about the accident where forgotten. She also found that she thought less about what she said before she said it. She couldn't tell if this was a bad thing. She noticed once or twice that Max's eyes flickered to her chest but then drew back to her face right after wards. She didn't mind this at all.

After a while Holly and Max sat down on the sofa. They chatted about school and what they wanted to do afterwards. Max wanted a job where he could socialize with others. Holly didn't know what she wanted. They chatted and chatted. Holly was very much feeling the affects of the alcohol and found herself slurring a lot more than usual. She was having so much fun that she didn't realize yet how much she needed to pee.

"Hey Hols can i ask you something" Max asked now quieter then he had been. Holly was sure he was going to ask her out. Her heart started to race and she couldn't help smiling.

"Ye sure what is it?" She asked as if pretending not to know what was about to happen.

He was about to open his mouth when someone shouted.

"SPIN THE BOTTLE!"

Max looked at Holly and smiled. They both sat down in the circle as the game started. People where kissing each other all around them. Holly didn't want it to land on her unless she had to kiss Max. This would be her first kiss. It was now time for her to spin. She spun it. It went round and round and round until it finally landed on... Max.

YESSS! what where the chances of that?! Now she had an excuse to kiss him!

"I mean... guess we have too" She giggled nervously. He smiled and nodded. She leaned forward and closed her eyes. It seemed like eternity before her lips met his own. But eventually they did. They where soft and somehow strong at the same time. She felt her body explode with sensations. Her chest stirred, a now familiar tingling sensation came back to her crotch. She was noticing all these feelings again when she realized another feeling. She needed the toilet, she needed it badly. They where still kissing when she drew back.

She was about to ask him where the toilet was when he looked at her in the eyes and asked...

"Want to go somewhere more quiet?"

This was the moment she had longed for. All thoughts off toilets where pushed from her mind as she nodded.

Upstairs was a lot quieter. They reached his room and closed the door. She hadn't been here before and realized how nice his room was. He drew closer to her.

"You know Holly, I really like you" His voice was quieter now and more delicate.

"I really liked you too" She said nervously. Her bladder was so full it felt like she was about to burst any minute. She didn't want to think about that though.

He leaned closer and kissed her softly. The kissing was amazing. It grew less soft and more passionate after some time. She was pushed up against the wall gently by him. She felt amazing. He drew back smiling a lot.

"You're amazing" he said after a second. Holly caught his eyes flicker to her chest again. She didn't mind at all. She had chosen this dress so that her boobs where shown off a bit more than usual. She took his hand delicately and placed it on her breast. He drew in again and the making out continued. His hands explored her body. She could feel him exploring her stomach and neck and arms and thighs. She copied and softly put her hands on him. She undid his shirt buttons and felt his body. He wasn't muscular but he was toned. To her suprize her hands started to travel downwards. She found his jeans and grazed over his bulge. She stroked it and then cupped it.

It was perfect. Except one thing. She was so desperate to pee now it felt like the dam was about to burst right here. She didn't want to stop... She kept holding and holding until his hand started to travel down her belly. He was making his way to her crotch! His hand grazed her full bladder and she felt herself let a small bit of pee out. She felt it reach her panties and spread through her vagina.

She let her lips leave his.

"Hey I really need the toilet. Can you tell me where it is?"

"oh yeah... its ummm down the hall and to the left"

"Thanks" She said. She couldn't help feeling amazingly disappointed. Such a perfect moment. She didn't want him to feel like he did anything wrong so just to make sure he knew she approved of what he was doing she added. "I'll be right back" with a wink.

She was horrified that the upstairs bathroom had a line of 2 girls. They where both fidgeting. The first girl was actively holding herself and dancing. She had tears in her eyes.

"Hey, Someone passed out in the downstairs toilet so we had to come up here" One of the girls said.

A flush was heard and a guy came out of the toilet and went down the stairs. One of the girls went into the toilet leaving the other one out with Holly. Holly was now desperately dancing on the spot. How had she allowed it to get this bad?? She felt another small leak leave her and fall into her panties. She had to hold herself but couldn't in her tight skirt without hoisting it up. She felt another leak come out and wet her underwear even more. She was sure the wet spot was quite large now.

"Hey could i please go first when the other girl comes out please? I'm seriously on the edge" She asked.

"I don't know" replied the girl after a second "I'm also quite desperate"

"But i'm already starting to pee myself... Please" Holly begged. As another slightly larger leak hit her panties. She felt a drop of pee trickle down her leg. She was truly about to pee herself right there.

"fine but please be quick! I might pee myself if I don't get in there soon" She said.

The first girl didn't come out for another minute but when she did it was clear she hadn't made it. She was wearing a light blue jumpsuit which was soaked all the way down the right leg.

"I couldn't get it off in time" She said quietly "it was coming out before i had the top half over my chest"

Holly didn't listen though. She was rushed into the toilet and closed the door. As she locked the door her bladder gave way. She was so close to the toilet and peeing full force into her panties. She jumped over to the toilet and hoisted up her skirt. She could feel warm urine washing down her bare legs as she ripped off her panties and sat down on the toilet. She sat there for an entire 30 seconds peeing full force. She looked at her soaked panties and put them in the bin. There was no way she was going to be wearing those when she got back into Max's room.

"Hey are you done yet? I seriously have to go!" The second girl cried from out side.

Holly looked at her shoes. They where heels and she wasn't wearing socks. She grabbed toilet paper and dried her legs off and her heels off.

"Please it's starting to come out!" the girl shouted again.

"Just a second" Holly replied. She checked her dress for signs of dampness but found nothing.

Relieved and dry Holly got off the toilet and double checked everything again. It was lucky she wasn't wearing something as difficult to get out off as the first girl or she would be in the same situation.

"Fuck Fuck Fuck PLEASE let me in! I seriously cant ho... Oh shit... fuck... I cant... stop. It's coming out..." She was now banging on the door.

Holly unlocked the door and got knocked aside as the girl came striding in. She didn't bother closing the door but instantly ripped down her jeans and peed full force. The girl moaned. It was clear that she had barely made it judging by her light pink underwear which was now a much darker color.

Holly left the bathroom and closed the door for the other girl. She made her way back to Max's room stumbling slightly due to the alcohol in her system. She was turned on by all the wetting that had just happened to her and the others. She was so happy she was about to get in that room and possibly have sex with her crush!

She knocked twice on his door and opened it slowly preparing to launch herself back onto his lips. She stopped. He was lying down on his bed passed out. 'Fuck' she thought. She made sure he was safe and then left the room. She pulled out her phone and called her mum ready to be picked up.

Later that night she was lying in bed reliving everything that had happened from the making out to the bathroom incident. She found herself getting turned on again at all of it. She decided that she really liked alcohol. She wondered what this meant for her and Max... She hoped that she would soon get invited to another party of his...

