Housemates: Flipping the Script [Meagan & Parker]

Author: Weasel

*000*2018-12-27 04:38

Hey, everybody, and welcome to Chapter 4 of Housemates (AKA Meagan & Parker Season 3) ! My apologies for the delay; work was painful (until the holiday), and I wrote a story with Meagan & Parker but without any desperation, and then I somehow managed to start writing three different chapters simultaneously... so yeah, I was a little slow in getting this out here. But there are chunks of the next two chapters already written, if that makes you feel better.

Here are the links to chapters 1, 2, and 3:

Road Trip

The Trouble with Housemates

Rainy Sunday

One important note before we dive in: it hasn't been a major factor in these stories, but if you haven't noticed, they are set a few years ago, before phones got smart (and got cameras), before Polaroid folded (though there are knock-offs now) and before girls getting into gaming was "normal." Women and girls have always been gamers, as they should be. But in 2005 -- when this story is set -- people's reactions might have been a bit different.

And yes, I just posted a little note about a) inclusion of women in gaming and b) historical accuracy in my online porn story. What, you wanna make something of it?

A less-important note: this story is longer than I expected, so I'll divide it up, but I'll get it all posted today or tomorrow as I am traveling for a bit and don't want to leave you hanging until 2019.

All right, enough commentary.

###

“So what do you want for your birthday, love?” Parker asked.

“Oh, just an extra week that nobody else knows about. I could get so many things done if I just had one extra week, with no other assignments coming in…”

“Well, I’ll see if I can find a Time Lord to ask. But meanwhile—what would you like for your birthday? Do you want a party? Cake?”

“Y’know, I don’t think I want a party,” she said. “Cake still sounds like a good idea, though.”

“If we get you a cake but don’t have a party we’re gonna be eating a lot of cake.”

“You say that as if it were a bad thing.”

“Okay! Cake: check. Party: that’s a negative. But what else? Do you want to do anything special?”

“Oooh, maybe I’ll skip Child Development and sleep in an extra hour.”

“I approve. You aren’t getting nearly enough sleep, in my opinion as your bedmate.”

“I know, I’m sorry I keep waking you up. I promise this will all settle down soon, after the application deadlines…”

“I know. But it’s your birthday and you could use a break.”

“Yeah, that’s true. I’ll try not to do too much work after class. And nothing after dinner that night, I promise.”

“Mmmhmm. And after dinner… do you want to do anything special then? Maybe, say, after we’ve gone upstairs for the night?”

She gave him a weary smile. “Oh, I see what you’re getting at.”

“Uh-huh!”

“I’ll think about it.”

“Mmkay. Just let me know.”

“You’ll be the first on the block.”

###

Meagan’s birthday morning came, and she did indeed skip her nine o’clock class so she could sleep in an extra hour. At 9:40 she scarfed down some cereal, got dressed in her usual comfortable jeans and t-shirt and jacket, and set out for class. Parker walked her over, a rare treat, and he was there to meet her for lunch two hours later. She kissed him hello and they walked to the cafeteria arm in arm.

After lunch she headed over to the library to work on a reserve-reading assignment, then came back to write her essay on it. Parker, in the absence of any other instructions, made her a dinner of baked chicken and home fries, which she ate with gratitude, and a cupcake, which she ate with delight. And then they went back to their room and watched MST3K until she fell asleep with her head in his lap. When she didn’t wake up when he got up to brush his teeth, he knew she was well and truly out for the night. He got her socks and jeans off, tucked her in, and sat watching her for a little while.

Maybe she’ll feel more sexy on Saturday, he thought, and went downstairs to play video games with Trav.

###

On Saturday Meagan woke him with a kiss. They went to the gym to work out, then had their usual Saturday brunch (pancakes this time), after which Meagan tackled another grad-school application. This commanded her time until well after noon. Parker got some work of his own done. They took a quick walk around the neighborhood, stepping on any particularly crunchy-looking fallen leaves (there were lots) and admiring the colors of the ones that hadn’t fallen yet. She then did lots of reading for class, helped him make soup for dinner, and did a little more reading after that.

Parker, finished with his own work, went down to play more games with Trav.

Parker had never been a console gamer—he was a PC platformer all the way. But he knew his way around a Nintendo controller and he’d played some Xbox games before. Travis was a proud Xboxer and had a huge array of games. Zach was also a gamer, and so they often swapped off. So was Clark, the guy Dacy had been seeing—but usually when he came over, he and Dacy either went to her room or went out.

So the fourth regular member of their gaming parties was, to Parker’s surprise, Zephyr. He’d known that there were gamer girls, but Zephyr didn’t strike him as the type—too bouncy and flighty. Yet when she played, a focused competitiveness came over her, her flightiness dropped away, and she played hard. To Parker’s relief, she’d largely stopped going around topless as the weather cooled. Somewhat less to his relief, she often wore a loose sweatshirt instead, with nothing under it—neither t-shirt nor bra. It was a little distracting to catch glimpses of bare skin here and there, especially when the sweatshirt slid off her shoulder and she was too invested in the game to tug it back up until she was done with the level. Parker had always had a weakness for shoulders—and Zephyr’s were as cute as the rest of her.

To Parker’s absolute distraction, however, Zephyr’s small bladder still affected her just as much as ever. She wasn’t nearly so overt about it when she was gaming, which made him wonder how much of her prancing about and crotch-grabbing on other occasions was just to get attention. But she definitely showed clear signs of needing to pee quite often. It would start with a slight shaking of her leg, and then move up to crossed legs, and end up with her sitting on her heel and bouncing. She was resolute about getting to the end of the level or finding a save point, however; she never cracked while she had a controller in her hands. But on two occasions, as soon as she’d gotten to the level’s end she bolted from the room, the second time with a hand not only on her crotch but down her pants. That time she was in such a hurry she didn’t quite manage to close the door behind her, and the sound of her piss on porcelain was extremely loud in Parker’s ears. As was her deep sigh of relief.

But she was a good player, and so Parker kept playing—if only to avenge his defeats at her hands when he was a little distracted.

###

“Hey, Meagan? I’ve got a tough question. Can I interrupt, or would you rather wait?”

“Now’s fine, this isn’t that important. What’s on your mind?”

“We’ve got a whole room to ourselves. No parents to dodge. Housemates that actively encourage us. Birth control’s dealt with. We are living the college-student dream: we can fuck whenever we want. So… why aren’t we?”

Meagan shook off his hands and got up. She roamed around the bedroom, processing her thoughts on her feet.

“Um,” Meagan said.

Parker waited.

“I think I’ve got to say that part of it’s the stress. You know I’ve got a heavy load this semester, plus all the applications. But a lot of it’s the boredom.”

“Boredom?” Parker felt his stomach sink.

“I’m not bored of you, hon,” she said. “Dear god do you make me happy. But the sex is, well—we’re in a rut, I guess?”

“We’re not exactly vanilla—”

“No, no. But we do the same things. We fuck, we make love, I hold it for you, I make you wait for me.”

“Well, there are all those other factors. The nuisances. The—my jealousy. Your distraction. The workload. All of ‘em are ganging up on us.”

“Okay,” Parker said, trying to ignore the somersault his stomach had done when she’d said “jealousy.”

“So what do you wanna do about it?”

Meagan ran her fingers through her hair. “Ugh. I’m having a hard time getting my head straight on this. What do you wanna do?”

Parker thought for a moment. “Well. We both know what I want. And I know what you want, in bed. But maybe—maybe what we need to figure out is what we both want. Let’s start basic: do you wanna have sex with me?”

“Is this even a question?”

“Well, I think it’s worth asking, even if you answer it fast.”

“Yes. Yes I do.”

“And I wanna have sex with you. Cool, that’s cleared up. So the problem’s got to be in the how.”

“I’d like to try some new stuff. Spice it up, like people always say.”

“I was wondering if maybe we should just wait a bit. When you were at camp over the summer, we were really horny when we got back together…”

“Yeah, but—well, I’m worried that if we just stop having sex, we’ll start to break up.”

His stomach lurched again, but he saw a way to salvage it. “I feel a sudden need to have a lot of sex.”

“Yeah, when I put it that way! But lots of boring sex won’t help, either—gaaah.” She stopped pacing, staring out the windows. He got up and came over to her, putting his arms around her.

“Mmmmmmkay,” she said. “You know what? I’m tired of the mind games.”

“Was I playing mind games?”

“No! Did I say you were?”

“You made your annoyed sound.”

“I did? What’s my annoyed sound?”

“‘Mmmmmkay.’ When you’re angry, you really stretch that out.”

“Oh, that. Yeah, I guess I do that. But you’re fine, I’m annoyed at myself. I’m psyching myself out, too much thinking. Sometimes being a shrink-in-training isn’t as useful as it ought to be. Anyway: I am not gonna fool myself into a dry spell. Let’s figure this out. Brainstorming time.”

“Would you rather not hold it for me for a while?”

“What I guess I’d rather do is hold it in new and exciting ways.”

“Okay. And—if I can make an assumption—also make me wait to come in new and exciting ways?”

“Oh yes.”

“Mmkay, I can work with that. So let’s get some paper…”

He grabbed a pen, ripped a page out of his notebook, drew a line down the middle, wrote “P” at the top of one side and “M” at the top of the other, and said, “Let’s think.”

They stared at the paper for a while. Then Meagan took the pen and wrote holding contest on the “P” side.

“So I’m a little—” Parker began, but shut himself up. “Right. We’re still brainstorming.” He added a few ideas of his own.

Eventually the “P” side of the list looked like this:

Holding contest

In public—movie theater?

Pee on the quad

Role-play

Photo shoot

On the football field

Stopping in the middle of peeing

The “M” side was shorter:

Waiting a whole week

Blue-balling

“Can we start narrowing the lists down a bit?” Meagan asked. “Are we at that point?”

“I think so,” Parker said. “I can’t come up with much more at the moment.”

Meagan tapped the pen on Role-play. “What do you have in mind?”

“A couple things,” Parker said. “I used to have this dream that I’m looking for a bathroom somewhere in my school…”

“I think a lot of people have had that dream.”

“Oh, really?”

“I’ve definitely had it.”

“Interesting—anyway, I’ve got the beginnings of an idea where you have to look around my old school for the bathroom, and I’ll tell you if you find it…”

“Mmkay. Doesn’t sound too hard.”

“And remember that fantasy I had about you being chained up…?”

“Oh yeah, that one! ’Kay. Role-play is a possibility.” She circled it, then drew a clear black line through a couple others.

“Not on the quad?”

“Way too public.”

“I was thinking maybe a Sunday morning before anyone else is awake.”

“Nope. Still too public.” She tapped stopping in the middle of peeing. “I hear that’s a great way to give yourself a UTI.”

“Okay, fair enough.”

“I could hold it for you at a movie,” Meagan said, “but it would have to either be a movie I’ve seen before or a movie I don’t care about. And ideally a pretty empty theater. And I’m not peeing in there. I’m not going to make someone clean up a puddle.”

“That’s fine.”

“‘Photo shoot’?”

Parker took a deep breath. “I’d like to have some pictures of you holding it. But we could make it all glamorous.”

“I don’t think this girl’s ever been glamorous, hon.”

“Well, there’s a first time for everything. And it’ll be in your own way.”

“What’s ‘my way’?”

“I’ve got some ideas.”

She cocked her head a little. “Glamorous? Me?”

“I have seen a lot of sexy bodies on the internet,” Parker said, “but the only sexy body I want pictures of now is yours.”

She grinned. “Well now.” The grin faded. “Wait. We’d have to get them developed.”

“I could borrow a digital camera from someone…”

“No, I don’t want computers involved. I want hard copies only. And I don’t want any one-hour-photo guy seeing them, either.”

“That kinda rules out most options, hon…”

“But not all of them. Let’s find ourselves a Polaroid camera.”

“Hah! Okay.”

Meagan pointed to the last one under “P” that they hadn’t discussed yet: holding contest. “So what about this one?”

“Well, a contest… um… you’d win, you know…”

“All right. Not a contest. Supporting each other. Both of us trying to support the other person and help them hold as long as they can.”

Parker slowly shook his head. “After that time on the road trip, I’m not sure about that.”

Meagan sat back and looked at him. “That really freaked you out, didn’t it?”

“You pushed me farther than I wanted to go.”

“I know. I’m sorry. Should we just forget this idea, then?”

“Please. For now, at least.”

“Mmkay. But now let’s talk about my side of the list.”

“When you say ‘waiting a whole week’…”

“…I mean getting you up and hard, but not letting you come, for a whole week.”

“Whew. Sounds to me like that would get me to blueballing no matter what.”

“Maybe so.”

“Hon, blue balls do hurt, y’know…”

“Holding it can hurt a little too. You know that.” She laid a gentle hand on his shoulder. “The pain’s worth it to make the good part feel better, right? The good part is when we finally let it out. And I will make you come, you know, and take the ache away. I just—I want that power. Over you. And I want to see your face when I do let you come. And I hope I have your trust.”

“Balance,” Parker said. “And trust.”

“Yeah.”

He took a deep breath. “I trust you.”

She hugged him. “Thank you! Do you want to do both at once? Photo shoot and blue-balling?”

“Sure.”

“Find us a camera, hon, and we will have a magnificent night.”

*001*2018-12-27 05:05

(Part 2 of ??)

(BTW, I finally gave Meagan a last name -- unless I already gave her one a long time ago and forgot. In which case this one wins, I actually put thought into it.)

###

It took a little more doing and a little more money than Parker liked, but he refused to worry about it; if that’s what it took to reignite their sex life, it was entirely worth it.

It also took a bit to find the right moment. But Meagan surprised him with a text one evening when she was studying in the library and he was back at the house:

Need to pee. should i?

You’re thinking photoshoot?

Yup.

I’m game. So no, you shouldn’t

Check!

Parker immediately set aside everything else and began to set up for the evening. He mostly knew video, not photography, but some things were much the same. Light was the most critical aspect. He’d checked out a light and a reflector from the campus AV Lab, and he set these up, aiming the best light at the foot of the bed. A simple adjustment would give him decent lighting in several other places in the room, however. He loaded up the Polaroid camera with film and took a sample shot. He didn’t have that much film, but he wanted to see how his setup was working. It seemed fine, so he turned off the light again and waited.

And waited.

After a while he tried to get himself distracted, but it was nearly impossible. It became totally so when Meagan sent him a follow-up text:

Legs crossed, so i’ll head home!

Parker pictured her gathering her books together, returning the reserved reading materials to the library desk, and setting off across campus. He imagined her tightly-controlled stride, the stiffness of her body in lockdown…

He left the door of the room open and kept one ear open for Meagan’s arrival. Eventually he heard an exterior door open and shut, and then a moment later steps on the stairs. Was it her gait? He wasn’t sure… he wanted to leap up and look but he kept himself seated at his desk.

Meagan stepped into the room, set down her bag with a happy sigh, and closed the door behind her.

Parker stood up, stepped close. “Hey.”

“Hey yourself,” she said, and kissed him. It was a long-lingering one, her arms around his neck. She pulled back a bit and nuzzled him. “Ready for this?” she asked softly.

“So ready.”

“Good. ‘Cause I definitely gotta go.”

“How much…?”

“Mmm, I’m full but not exploding, not yet. I figured you’d want some time.”

“Oh yes.”

“First step?”

“First step is we make out some more,” Parker said. “I haven’t seen you all day…”

“I am totally fine with this. The making-out part, that is,” she added quickly.

Parker broke loose only long enough to hit “play” on his laptop. “A little cover,” he said, as the power chords of Muse’s Absolution began playing through his speakers.

“Super-romantic,” Meagan said, wrinkling her nose.

“Main thing is it’s both good and loud.”

“Fair enough. What next?”

“More making out, please.”

“’Kay!”

They fell onto the bed and did just that for a time. But they’d barely gotten to the second song on the album before Parker sat up and asked, “So, Miss Macallister, are you ready for your close-up?”

“I surely am.”

Parker got up off the bed and turned on the extra lighting. Meagan sat up, casually sitting on her heel, hands oh-so-innocently folded in her lap, watched him with interest. “Where do you want me?” she asked.

“Right where you are! Don’t move! It’s a perfect ‘Before’ shot.”

“Not really 'before', but ’kay, I won’t!”

Parker composed the shot as carefully as he could while still moving quickly. The main thing was to make sure there wasn’t anything weird visible in the shot. That checked, he shifted his angle a little bit, putting the bed behind her. That had a certain ‘invitational’ feel: good. Click. The little white square slid out of the camera and Parker caught it before it fell.

“Oooh, let me shake it!” Meagan said.

“You don’t actually have to do that,” Parker said. “It’ll develop just fine on its own.”

“I know. It’s just fun.”

“Nah, it can actually damage the picture…”

“Someone’s been doing his homework.”

“Or I just hung out with pedantic nerds in high school.”

“‘Hung out with.’” She did the air-quotes with her fingers.

“What’s that supposed to mean?”

“That you are a pedantic nerd, love.”

“Oh, am I? Well, maybe so, but I’m also right. And I can take a pretty good picture.”

“Lemme see!—Oh hey. That’s me. Nice shot.”

“Thanks. Oh, I could have gotten a bit of a better angle on your face…”

“Is that why I look weird?”

“No, you always look that hot—but I could have made it a little better…”

“You’ll get it on the next one. Now what?”

“Mmmmm. Just do what you need to do.”

She cocked her head. “Huh?”

“If you need to cross your legs, do that. If you need to move around, do that. I wanna see what comes naturally. When I see a good shot I’ll let you know.”

“Mmkay, I think I can do that.”

After a minute where she didn’t do much of anything, Meagan said, “This must be like watching paint dry.”

“Uh, only if the paint were dead sexy.”

“Really? I’m just sitting here.”

“And holding it. While looking like you do.”

“What, wearing jeans and flannel?”

“And with your hair in a ponytail. Do not underestimate the pony tail. But mostly your face. And your body. But if you don’t think what you’re wearing is all that sexy—let’s glamour you up a bit, huh?”

“’Kay! What did you have in mind?”

“To begin with… can you unbutton your shirt?”

“Of course.” She stood and started to do just that. Parker was tempted to take a shot of her doing that, but decided to save the film for later. She was wearing a thin white undershirt under the flannel, and she turned to face him, posing with her hands on her hips.

“Oh yes,” he said. “Oh yes indeed. But… could you let your hair down?”

She undid the ponytail and let her hair fall across her shoulders. Parker ran his fingers through it, draping it a little more artistically, and then took a step back. “Hand on your hips again, please? ‘Cause that was incredibly hot…chin up just a little? Mmmm, yes…” Click.

She moved about a little restlessly as the picture developed. “You seriously think this is hot?” she said. “You don’t want me in my bathrobe or something?”

“Oh, hell yes this is sexy. Don’t worry, I know where I’m going with this. Just about ready…”

Meagan came over to look. “Huh. I guess I don’t look too bad in that one.”

“You look awesome.”

“You can’t really tell I’ve gotta pee, though.”

“I think that’ll come.”

“I still feel kinda stupid just standing around doing nothing.”

“You’re not doing nothing. You’re holding it for me. Let your body talk.”

Meagan prowled the room again, inspecting the light source, brushing her hair a bit, checking her face in the mirror—and then she froze a bit, fists clenched at her sides.

“Yes. Hold that, please?” He quickly adjusted the lighting and then jumped on the bed to get the right angle.

“Oh, I’m definitely holding…”

Click.

“I hope that one turns out. Absolutely classic Meagan-on-lockdown pose.” And then, a short time later: “Aww yeah. Got it!”

“That’s what I look like when I have to lock down? I look constipated.”

“Not to me. I love that look. It tells me you’re getting closer. Turns me on.”

She kissed him. “’Kay, if you say so.” She reached down to feel the bulge in his pants. “Mmmm, I guess it’s not just talk!”

He kissed her back. “Oh yes.”

###

(I'll post parts 3 and 4 tomorrow. Good night for now!)

*002*2018-12-27 15:02

(Part 3&4)

###

She broke away and wandered a bit more, swinging her arms a bit.

“So for the next shots, I’m thinking I’d like to have the flannel still on but not your shirt under it? Or—can you take your bra off first? Without taking the other shirts off? I love it when you do that.”

She chuckled. “Really?”

“Something about it is so incredibly feminine. Like, this is a skill I have no points in, but you’re a master of it. And of course it gets me closer to seeing your boobs.”

“But you like the flannel still on?”

“Yeah. It’s a little different, I think it’ll look nice—wait. That’s a good pose.”

“Mmmhmm, it’s definitely leg-crossing time.”

“Just hold it right there for a second? Light, light… chin down a bit? Please? And now can you do your sexy smile?”

“My what?”

“The one you get when you’re planning on jumping me.”

“Oh, you mean this?”

“Yup! But chin down again? A bit more? Oh, yes yes yes—” Click.

“Mmm. If I can’t shake the picture, can I shake my ass?” She wriggled a bit.

“Sure, if you turn around and give me a second to reload.”

She danced from foot to foot a bit—and, yes, moved her ass quite a bit as she did. Click. By the time he had that one set and developing, the one with her legs crossed was ready. She came over to take a look, legs pressed together and bent slightly forward as she inspected it. “Oh, wow. How did you make me look that good?”

“A little light and a good head-tilt. The rest is all you, hot stuff. Especially that smile—and those legs.”

“And that bladder.”

“Oh yeah.”

She rubbed the front of his pants again. “You really are enjoying this, aren’t you?”

“Quite a lot.”

“Mmmmmmmm, good. Good. You get nice and hard for me, lover. Nice and hard.”

“Can you take your bra off now?”

“On it.”

It was a real wriggle, but the bra came off at last. By then her ass-shaking photo was entirely done. “Not as good,” she pronounced.

“Yeah, it’s not near so elegant. But I still love the fact that you were wriggling. Since normally you don’t.”

“Well—I’m being a little more expressive than usual. For the camera.”

“You don’t need to be, hon. Just do what you need to do, that’s sexy all on its own.”

“It’s getting to the point where it really is natural.”

“Just keep that going, then.”

She walked more, this time in small circles. Then she crossed her legs again, hands clenched in fists once more. Then she bounced. Parker wished he could videotape that bounce—now that her bra was off.

“You like that?” she said, gesturing to her breasts.

“I do,” he said, and told her his wish.

“You’ll just have to remember it. Here, let me show you again.”

“Beautiful. Can you do it again without the undershirt?”

“I’m still keeping the flannel on?”

“Yes please.”

“It’s gonna get a little itchy.”

“You don’t need to leave it on long, I just wanna get a picture of you in just that.—Unless you’ll be too cold without it?”

“Nah, I’m definitely pretty warmed up.”

“Great.”

“’Kay. Undershirt coming off.”

It was less of a wriggle this time, but it did involve the flannel coming off her shoulders for a bit. Again Parker wished he could get video. But when she turned to face him, hands on her hips again, her breasts hanging free but framed by her shirt…

“Holy shit, that’s it. Chin up this time? A bit more? Yes!” Click.

“Mmm, I think I’m starting to see the appeal of this. This actually feels pretty awesome,” she said.

“It’s so sexy.”

“Erp. Still gotta go, though!”

“Hey, I’ve got a pose in mind. Can you cross your legs?”

“With pleasure.”

“Oooh, shoes off first, please?”

Meagan tried bending over to get her shoes untied. “Aaaaggh. That’s hard.”

“Here, I’ll help.”

Shoes and socks off, Meagan crossed her legs again as requested.

“And now, grab your hands like this, please?” He demonstrated: his two hands clasped in front of him at roughly waist height, but crossed at the wrists and the hands doubled back.

Meagan assumed the position. This forced her boobs up a bit.

“And now,” Parker said, “Head a bit toward me… can you look a little more desperate?”

“Ummm—like this?”

“Too much. Forget the grimace. Just let your eyes talk. …Yeah! That’s it.” Click.

“Oof. Getting a little bad, hon. How many more do you wanna do?”

“Well, I want some more sexy shots. And eventually I want you naked.”

“How ‘eventually’ are we talking here?”

“Less than an hour?”

Her eyes went wide. “Um. I don’t know if I can hold it that long, love…”

Click. “Awww, yeah. The angles and the lighting aren’t quite right, but that look in your eyes was just glorious.”

“Mmmm. Glad you like. And speaking of: c’mere.”

He went to her. She opened his fly and stroked his erection through his boxers. “Mmmmmm. That’s what I’m getting from this,” she said. “I just love your reaction.”

“Glad you like.”

She grinned and kissed him.

“Now, I’ve got fifteen pictures left. I need to plan this out a bit. Can I take a picture of you peeing?”

“Like, a close-up of my crotch? Not sure about that.”

“I was thinking a full-body shot, then a close-up of your face.”

“Oh! Yeah, definitely.”

“So that’s two. Let’s see…”

“Want one like this?” she said, cupping her boobs.

“Nah, that’s too obvious. Let’s get that shirt off of you and have you sit on the bed, please.”

She stripped off the flannel, then sat down gingerly. “Ooof.”

“How about you unbutton your jeans?”

“Ah, thank you. That helps.”

“Now… hands behind your head, please?” He demonstrated; she followed his example; he fussed around her a bit arranging her hair. He took a look through the camera, then said, “Whoops. Chin down a bit? But still look at me. Good!” Click.

“Can I move a bit now? ‘Cause it’s getting really hard to hold in this position…”

“Sure! Whatever you need. Legs crossed?”

“We’re getting a little past legs crossed.”

“Okay! How about one more with the jeans on, and then I’m set for glamour shots and you can do whatever you like from then on.”

“Mmkay. How do you want me?”

“Looking over your shoulder. I want a nice sexy-back, sexy-shoulder pic.”

“You and your shoulders.”

“No, me and your shoulders.” He framed the picture carefully, arranging her hair, the line of her shoulders, the angle of her head, her hands on her hips. “You can cross your legs if you like. It’ll barely be in the picture, it doesn’t matter.”

“I can’t really see you like this.”

“Just look down at the floor, then? Good. Good.” Click.

“Can I take my jeans off now?”

“Please do—wait!”

She paused, hands on her waistband.

“Got an idea. Here, turn toward me for the light. Now, let the jeans down just partway? A little further? Can you hold them up if you spread your legs apart?”

“Yeah,” she said, doing so. “Especially if I put my hip out like this. But I can barely hold something else…”

“Mmmmm, I like that. Both parts. And it’ll just be a second. Now, arms crossed over your breasts. Mmm—close. Hands on your shoulders? Head a little to the side? Oh, here, let me do your hair—yes, yes, perfect, hold that!” Click. Meagan’s eyes were growing wide in panic, and her body was trembling slightly, as she tried to hold both the pose and the pee.

As the photo slid out, Meagan slammed her legs together. This kept the jeans up around her knees. “A little help, please?” she said, bouncing on her toes. Parker got the jeans off her and she danced free.

“Ah, fuck, it’s bad now, it’s bad,” she said softly, wriggling more.

“You can hold it.”

“I know. Just not for much longer.” She shifted quickly from foot to foot, one hand hovering near the waistband of her panties. She stepped closer to him, and with her other hand stroked his exposed erection. “Mmm, can we take a picture of this?”

Parker hesitated, but only for a moment. “Fair’s fair,” he said.

“But I want a bit more than that, I think. Shirt off. You can keep the pants on, that’s a cute look.” She took the camera from him, crossed her legs, bent over, and aimed the camera at his crotch. She held the camera with one hand, reached out with the other, and began stroking him again. She let go, mostly, with just a few fingers resting on the back of his shaft, and—click.

“Thanks, lover,” she said, and passed the camera back to him. She stayed bent over. “This is helping,” she said.

“Good, that gives me a second to reload.” Click.

“Mmmmkay,” Meagan said, “I think I’m getting pretty close now.”

“You can hold it a little longer.”

Meagan wedged a hand in between her thighs. Parker crouched down and took a shot. Click. “That was probably too dark, but I had to get a picture of that.”

“Of me holding myself?”

“Yup.”

“Here.” She gradually straightened up, hand still between her legs. She stayed partways crouched.

“Aww yeah, that’s nice!” Click.

She bent over again, both hands holding on now, which again did marvelous things to her cleavage. Parker dropped down to one knee, then jumped up to adjust the light, and dropped down again. Meagan had her eyes squeezed shut. Click.

“Hey, love,” Parker said. “Let’s get you naked.”

“You too.”

“Sure thing.”

“Just one problem—I can’t move.”

“I’ll get your panties down.”

“Mmmkay. Thank you.”

She shifted her hands, reaching inside her underwear to press her fingers directly on the spot, and allowing him to tug the panties down off her hips and guide them down her legs. She danced around a minute once her feet were free. Parker kept his end of the deal, dropping his pants and getting his boxers off past his hard-on.

Meagan managed to straighten up a bit—but didn’t let go of her crotch. Parker snapped a shot (click) of her dancing from foot to foot, the fingers on one hand still pressed tight, the fingers on the other twining and clenching into a fist as she swung her arm at her side with her dance.

“Okay, time to get set up,” Parker said. He got the peanut butter jar out from under the bed and unscrewed the lid. He also pulled out a towel they had picked up at Goodwill and designated for pee play. He laid the towel out next to the bed and set the jar down in the middle of it.

“Can I go now?” Meagan asked.

“Hang on, I need to move the light.”

“Can I go now?”

“Not quite—stand next to the jar, please? Any position you like.”

Meagan leaned against the bed, fingers still on her pee-hole, and her other hand cluched on top of the first. “Good!” he said. Click. “Five left. You’re doing great. Can you try spreading your legs apart?”

“No.”

“Please try.”

“No can do, unless you want me to piss on the towel.”

“Maybe next time. Okay. In that case, crouch down over the jar—but don’t start peeing until I say okay.”

Meagan did so, supporting herself with one arm, the strain obvious all over her face and in every muscle of her body. Click.

Parker fussed around, trying to get the right angle with the right light.

“Can I go now? Please?”

“Just a sec…”

“I can’t hold it, Parker, I can’t, not in this position!”

“Just hang on, I’ve nearly got it.”

“I’m not kidding, Parker, I really can’t hold i—ahhhh.”

Parker left off his fussing, took two steps back—click. He fumbled with the film for the next shot, stepped close, and—click!—captured the blissful look on her face: mouth hanging open in a euphoric smile, eyes shut, head flung back, hair every which way and a little bit in her eyes. One arm was still on the bed behind her, supporting her crouch, and the strength of her arm and shoulder was visible in the corner of the shot.

“Whew,” she said, straightening up, brushing back her hair with both hands.

“Ooh, nice picture. Stay like that, please?”

“Not a problem.”

“Head slightly to the left? But keep your hands up there. Chin a little down? Now gimme a smile—nice.” Click.

It really was a nice picture: the giddy/sexy look in her eyes, the freckles all over her body, the subtle strength in her muscles, her breasts hanging free and totally natural, legs slightly apart in triumph.

“Now,” she said, stepping close to him, “your turn. Put the camera down and close up the jar.”

He obeyed.

She gathered up the Polaroids, quickly sorted them into order, and set them down on the bed. Then she set herself down on the bed. “C’mere.”

She made out with him for a minute, then: “On your knees.”

He repositioned himself as instructed. She placed herself behind him, draping one arm around his neck, and placing his hips between her thighs. With her free hand she cradled his erection and stroked it very gently.

“Now,” she said, “take a look at your pictures. Slowly. Savor each one.” She looked over his shoulder to see for herself, and jacked him off as he looked over the shots. “I had to go so bad,” she murmurred in his ear. “I was bursting. Actually I burst. I lost control. That’s how bad I needed it.”

“You’re so beautiful,” Parker whispered.

“I guess I am,” Meagan said. “A bursting beauty. A desperate damsel.”

“You’ve never been a damsel in your life. A desperate dame, maybe.”

“Do I look like I’m in a 40’s noir film?”

“If I’d shot this in black and white, maybe you would.”

She chuckled and nipped his shoulder. The brief flash of pain sent a curious shiver through his body. She slowed her strokes on his hard-on as he got closer to the last picture.

When he got to the picture of her straining to hold on as she squatted over the jar, she gently took the pictures from him and set them down on the bed, the last shot still visible.

“Do you like how I look in that?” she whispered. “How desperate I was? Every muscle on fire, trying to hold it in?”

“Yes,” Parker sighed, starting to lose himself in her narrative.

“Keep that picture in your head.”

“I’m close…”

“I know you are. Keep thinking of me.” Her hand slowed to an absolute crawl—and then stopped.

She held him lightly, not moving her hand, until his breathing slowed and he began to soften a little. Then she took her hand away.

“I don’t get to come?”

“You knew you wouldn’t,” she said. “Not tonight.”

“I guess so.”

She kissed him. “Just wait.”

###

The next morning, Meagan woke him up with a hand job—which she left unfinished.

“Aaaaggh,” Parker said as she let her fingers slide off his hard-on.

“Hmm?”

“Well, you got your wish, hon,” he said. “I’m definitely aching a little.”

She cupped his balls in a gentle hand. “Aww, does someone need to come?”

“Yes.”

“Someone will.” She took her hand away and used it to blow him a kiss. “But not right now.”

“Tonight—?”

“You think I’d tell you when? And ruin all the suspense? Nuh-uh. You’ll find out.”

Parker sighed, waited until he’d softened again, and went to go pee. That relief did nothing for the pressure in his balls.

By the time he’d finished his breakfast, Meagan had headed off to class. He went to his own, and was startled when he opened his book and something fell out. To his amazement, consternation, and sneaky delight, it was one of the Polaroids: the shot of her bare back, her profile stunning over her naked shoulders, crossed legs just barely visible. She’d signed it on the white space below the picture: Wait for me. xoxo Parker glanced around and shifted a bit in his seat to hide his sudden erection.

And, shortly thereafter, the ache in his balls increased a bit.

They’d done their photoshoot on a Thursday night, so it was a Friday. He had hope that Meagan would be feeling frisky that evening, but instead they played some board games with the housemates until Meagan was swaying with fatigue. They made their way to bed and made out once they were in it, but almost as soon as her head hit the pillow, Meagan was out.

The next morning, Meagan woke him up the same way: hand job. And she left it the same way: unfinished. Instead she got suited up for a workout, doing her reverse-striptease trick that was somehow almost as sexy as the more usual kind. Then she kissed him, rubbed his cock once more—“For luck,” she said—told him to be good, and left.

Parker sat alone in their room with his cock swollen with blood and unspent cum. The ache in his balls was serious by now; he barely wanted to move, for fear of bumping them. But surely tonight she’d let him come…?

He decided to watch internet videos until he calmed down, and grabbed his laptop. When he opened it up, another Polaroid slipped out. It was the one with her jeans partway down and panties plainly visible, arms crossed over her breasts, and desperation in her eyes.

This one was signed, too: It’s all about the anticipation. ♥

His erection, which had begun to soften slightly, snapped back to iron-hard. Without really thinking about it, without really working through the consequences, he started jacking off. He started by looking at the picture, but soon he closed his eyes and lay back.

Zephyr was out late, trying to get back to the house. She really really really needed to pee, and she had her hand on her pussy. She was crossing the quad when she couldn’t wait any more. She needed to yank down her shorts and squat right on the quad. At least it was late, maybe nobody would see her desperately peeing like a little girl… “Omigod I hafta pee so bad...” she said, unzipping her shorts. “I can’t wait…!”

He came quickly. The ache in his balls faded soon after.

When Meagan fucked him that night, riding him as she loved to do, she was impressed how long he managed to hold off before coming.

He didn’t tell her why.

And when she fell asleep with her hand on his chest, that last part was what kept him awake.

*008*2019-01-04 01:13

Wow, everybody, thanks for the high praise!

@rebeljaffa

: Right there with you. I had an amazing partner who was willing to do all of this for me... and I got bored with it and wanted to go further. We broke up for entirely unrelated reasons, but I really felt that tug.

Both rebeljaffa and @Alex Oxford

: heh. I'm delighted that Zephyr has everyone so interested. As to what effect she will have... well, you'll have to keep reading. (Which means I'll have to keep writing!)

@satyr

: : your nerdery is most welcome, since I've really put a lot of effort into making the story as accurate as possible. I'm glad I managed to portray photography convincingly, since I know so little about it. It was actually a slight stretch that Parker knew as much as he did, but fortunately I remembered (as others may have forgotten) that he's into video production. As for reading a story that actively turns you off just because you like the writing -- well, that's maybe the highest praise of all!

