A Meagan & Parker Update!

Author: Weasel

*000*2025-08-07 15:38

Hey, everyone!

So I've been pretty busy over the last few years, and I likely will be again this coming fall for different reasons -- but for a few weeks this summer I am blessedly free from work. And I've been working on Meagan & Parker stories again.

If you're reading this and have no idea who Meagan & Parker are... well, if you like long-form, highly-realistic, consensual female desperation in a romantic context where gradually the characters and plot take over and almost shoulder the sexual content aside -- and I know there are half-dozens of us! Half-Dozens! -- then try starting here and we'll meet you back here once you've finished (should only take you a year or two to get through it all):

$/40069-the-gentlemans-dilemma/?do=embed&comment=1375573&embedComment=1375573&embedDo=findComment#comment-1375573"

Because I keep trying to put limits on this saga despite all my previous lack of success at doing so, I'm limiting myself to a "filling-in-the-blanks" project -- stories from all over the chronology of Meagan & Parker's life together. (Mild spoilers abound from here on, obviously.)

Following along with the "shoulders the sexual content aside" theme, the first new story has [checks notes] near-zero desperation. And there's precious little sex, even, though there's lots of talking about it. I just wanted to write a cute love story, mmmmkay? It's called "Savannah" and maybe one or two of you long-time readers will remember what that means!

After that there will be a couple stories about the year that they had to be long-distance with Parker at one college and Meagan in grad school. Next is a story from much later in their lives entitled "Babymaking." There might be a few other quick snippets here and there, too. All of these will be bundled together in a compilation, like I did for the first three "seasons."

But I need a little help, y'all! So here is a short survey.

1. Should I post "Savannah," even though posting a story with basically zero peeing on this website would be (a) silly and (b) confusing for everyone else, or save it for the compilation? (You can just answer "post it" or "save it")

The idea for one of the long-distance stories is that Meagan will write and mail Parker a fantasy for him to read while they're apart. The frame story is fine, that's easy, but I'm really not happy with the fantasy I've written so far, and I think I'll scrap it. Therefore, what would you like to see? Remember, this is a fantasy story, so we can go a little wild with it.

2. Should the story focus on the two of them in an unrealistic scenario, or should Meagan make up new characters? (Just answer them/new chars.)

3. What should be unrealistic about the scenario?

A. setting (space, magical world, the past...)

B. power dynamics (master/servant or master/slave, for example)

C. physics and biology

D. some combination of the above (for example, a & c)

4. Any other ideas/suggestions/requests?

All that said, remember that Meagan will be writing this, so while the story can and should be crazier than usual, she can and will veto any ideas that are too extreme for her. Also she is not as good a writer as I am, so be prepared for that.

A note on compilations: people have several times asked me if I ever plan on joining all the stories into a single file. I certainly could... but then I'd have to call it "The Complete Meagan & Parker Saga", and if you haven't noticed, I'm having a hard time with the "completing" part. My guess is that I'd have to keep updating the file. I'd rather keep issuing season-by-season compilations. Many years ago I did start a thread years ago called "The Complete Series" where I posted all of the files, and I will update that thread at some point.

*005*2025-08-10 03:02

Okay, so far it's 2 to 1 in favor of posting "Savannah."

Seems near-unanimous that it should be new characters playing around with power dynamics.

I'm going to write the long-distance story first, though, so feel free to keep voting!

*009*2025-08-13 01:01

Oooof. Zephyr and the Pi Sigma Sigma girls... I dunno. I've definitely gotten some hot stuff written, but I feel a bit ambivalent about being a straight guy writing lesbian love. Am I overthinking it? Probably. But still. It's never really felt like my story to tell -- unlike Parker's story, since he's basically just me with the serial number scraped off.

Bringing Z in to the fantasy, however... that's a possibility. A real possibility. Thanks for the idea!

