No Bathroom Break for Sophia

Author: Wetlover188

*000*2018-07-27 05:00

Sophia is a young and attractive blonde girl who's really shy when anyone knows that she has to use the bathroom.

Chapter 1: It was around 6 o'clock in the evening, and Sofia was getting dressed for a sleepover with her friends. She picked what outfit she's going to wear at the sleepover. Since she had no pajamas, her only option was to wear her really tight jeans and a shirt. As she headed out the door to her car, she texted her friend that she was on her way. She got in her car and pulled out of her driveway and into the main road. While driving, she grabbed her water bottle and almost drank the whole thing. She felt really thirsty and she didn't know why. After she got inside the neighborhood, Sofia pulled into her friend's driveway. She walked up to the door and rang the bell, and after a while, her friend, Isabella, answers the door and welcomes her inside the house. So far, Sofia hasn't felt any sign of fullness in her bladder. She sat down at a big table, where a bunch of her friends where playing cards. She sat down and started playing.

After about 2 hours of playing cards, the group decided to go out for dinner. As Sofia stood up, she noticed a little bit of weight pushing down on her bladder, but she ignored it. The group got in Isabella's minivan, and headed to a fancy restaurant. On the way there, Sofia felt a slight urge to pee, but just crossed her legs to forget about it. When they got to the restaurant, they all had a seat at a large booth, and Sophia crossed her legs, tighter this time. When she ordered her food, she stuttered a little bit. About an hour passed by, and everyone was done with their food. Sophia now crossed her legs very tightly, as they were waiting for the check. At this point, she had to use the bathroom very badly, but was too embarrassed to tell anyone, so she just kept quiet. The check eventually came, and Sofia opened up her purse and gave the credit card to them.

After about a minute, the waiter came back, and gave everyone fortune cookies. The group got up and started heading for the entrance. As Sofia was walking to the entrance, she could feel her heavy, full bladder pulling down on her tight jeans, and she moaned a bit. The car ride back home was hell for Sofia, but eventually, they got to the house. Sofia carefully exited the vehicle, and walked into the house. At this point, she almost ran to the bathroom, trying not to be noticed by anyone. Unfortunately however, Isabella was inside, which meant that Sophia had to go to her bed, because she didn't want to stand outside the bathroom doing the pee-pee dance. She threw the covers over her, and started to squirm around while crossing her legs under the sheets. This was going to be a long night for Sophia...

Chapter 2 Coming Soon

*002*2018-07-27 17:26

Chapter 2: At about 11 o'clock at night, Sophia finally fell asleep, but around 2 in the morning, she woke up abruptly as she felt hot pee trickling down her tight jeans. She immediately put her hands on her crotch tightly to stop anymore liquid from coming out. Sophia moaned in desperation as her bladder was REALLY full. She laid there without moving, which was hard without fidgeting a bit, but noticed that it was getting hot. This was partly due to the fact that her pants were soaked wet. She unzipped her tight wet jeans and pulled it down her soft wet legs so that it can get some cool air. She didn't want anyone to know that she wet her pants, so she snuck it into a random box that was sitting in the living room. She thought about taking her panties off, as they were also wet, but she thought that might be too much.

As she was sneaking back to her bed, she looked over at the bathroom, and considered using it to relieve herself from the remaining pee, but she thought that the toilet flushing will make a lot of noise, which might wake someone up, so she carefully hobbled back to her bed. She pulled the covers over her soft, naked legs and just up to her bright pink panties. Sofia couldn't help but squirm around under the sheets. She started tearing up as she had to go to the bathroom REALLY bad, but was too nervous that anyone might find out. Eventually, after about 15 minutes of fidgeting, she fell asleep.

At around 7 in the morning, she woke up to her need to pee, but this time, her bladder felt like it was going to EXPLODE! She immediately crossed her legs and held her hands on her crotch under the blanket. She slowly got up, and realized that she placed her soaking jeans in a box in the living room, but when she walked over there to get it, it was gone! She started to panic because she was standing in the living room in just her panties, bursting to relieve herself. She then hobbled carefully to the bathroom, but noticed that someone was in there taking a shower. She started to cry because she had no other option but to pee all over the floor.

At this point, she didn't care that much about anyone knowing that she had to pee, as she was standing outside the bathroom doing the full pee-pee dance in her panties. Eventually, after a few minutes, Isabella came to her and asked her if she was okay, and Sophia replied,"I'm f-fine i-isabella" as her lips quivered from all the pee in her bladder. Isabella then asked where her pants were in a laughing but concerned manner. Sofia told Isabella that she felt hot, so she put her jeans in a box in the living room. Isabella then replied saying that that box was for donations, and that it had been donated. Sofia then started to panic, but still manage to act like everything is okay.

She asked Isabella,"d-do you h-have any other p-pants?", and she replied, "No, sorry Sofia, it looks like you're just going to have to wear your panties for the road trip." Sofia started to cry, and Isabella comforted her by giving her a hug, but ended up pushing on her bladder, which caused pee to squirt out of her panties. Sofia moaned a little bit, but Isabella didn't notice. Eventually, one of her friends walked out of the bathroom as she had just finished showering, and Sophia was going to go in, but she didn't want to embarrass herself infront of Isabella, as she was very attractive. So she just said,"l-let's g-go on the t-trip!"

Chapter 3 Coming Soon

*004*2018-07-28 03:20

Chapter 3: As the group of friends got in the car to go on the road trip, everyone was laughing at the fact that Sophia only had panties on. Sophia felt really embarrassed, but worse than that is her dying need to pee. She has been holding it in all night, and her bladder is about to explode. As she sat down, she could feel her bare legs make contact with the cold leather, and she couldn't help but shiver. She crossed her legs very tightly, and Isabella noticed, so she asked her if she was okay. Sophia responded," I-i'm f-f-fine." Her lips were quivering due to the temperature and her full bladder.

"Are you sure? because it looks like you're doing the pee-pee dance.", asked Isabella. Sophia replied,"y-y-y-yes", as she was too scared that Isabella might laugh at her. Even though Sophia and Isabella are good friends, Sophia was still not comfortable to admit that she had to use the bathroom. The vehicle started pulling out of the driveway, and the vibrations caused small amounts of pee to squirt out. She she squirted, she moaned a bit while tearing up.

Her bladder was still REALLY full, and now there was nothing she could do about it. After about an hour of torture, her bladder became uncontrollable, and pee started flowing down her legs. She started to cry really hard and moan at the same time, and she tried to hold the rest in by crossing her legs, but it just kept flowing. At that point, everyone knew that Sophia just peed, and they started laughing really hard. While sobbing, Sophia begged her friend (the driver) to pull over so that she can relieve herself completely, but the driver rejected her while laughing. A few of her friends pulled out their cellular phones and started to take pictures. Sophia was begging for them to stop, as she felt really humiliated, especially because she was in her panties.

Eventually, the driver pulled over, and let Sophia down so she can completely relieve her bladder. She moaned really loud as her bladder emptied, and meanwhile, her friends started taking videos of her peeing while still laughing. Sophia then got back in the car, and the group of friends started to continue with their road trip. In one way, Sophia was relieved that her bladder was emptied, but she was still humiliated that she had nothing on except her bright pink wet panties.

The End.

