Superpwrful piss

Author: Warrior of light

*000*2011-03-02 03:48

Twas a peaceful day people playing peceful music and suddenle-- BANG!!!!!!!!!! the sound came from two kids, from a school for specialy gifted kids, playing a game of "pee war" no you dont battle with the urine you battle while holdin urine MUCH HARDER!!!

The game only had two rules. 1) no outside interference

- and 2)IF YA pee YA LOSE!

The two players were young boys named Jonah and Justen. They dont get along for a specific reason; very grousome; I DONT LIKE SAYING IT!

Jonah was to be considered the good guy who wasn't afraid of anyone while the other well u can probably guess.

The flash of beams being shot at each other blinded passer-bys dust being kicked into the air wasnt helping either.

Both boys were desperate but were not going to allow themselves to lose this. Justen especially had both hands jammed on his crotch squirming in one spot. Jonah knew this and even though he felt the same way was able to use both his hands at will. Even so much so that he was recognized for never using the bathroom at school or any school at that matter. He was undefeated at this game and was going to be victorious again.

Justen was on the verge of insanity his bladder overfilled.He was going to burst for sure. For the wining blow his signature attack but not even his strongest was used this was a sure KO but at this game a bit risky, he pulled out a bottle he kept hidden from teachers containing "Deco" dangerous substance many may have told on him if they didn't have it themselves or if he wasn't so stealthy. HE DRANK HALF THE BOTTLE AND TUNED INTO AN ELECTRIFIED ALMOST BEAST-LIKE CHILD

RUSHED AT THE AT THE BLADDER BURSTING CHILD AND SHOCKED HIS ABDOMEN.

Was not long until a puddle of pee started flowing onto the dirt underneath him. Justen had lost and let out a large sigh of relief. So embarrassed he was sobbing on the floor in the glistening puddle of smelly urine tainted with dirt. Once regaining composure all the cheers for Jonah's victory stopped. Justen did what any loser at the game does so that teachers don't notice during class, splash water on himself and use fire to dry off quickly.

"You got lucky" he said.

"Whatever not like it matters to us since we can use our powers to dry off don't take it seriously." Jonah said.

"In any case I guess i'll take a quick pit-stop b4 the bell ri--. *ringing noise* Aww crap!"

"Hah sucker." said justen.

"Ah whatever I'll make it through until break, until then cool yourself off, whoever heard of a bully that can't take a joke seriously."

***

Next was a double period of English one of Jonah's best subjects suddenly his lower abdomen gave a shot of pain this was unusual as school lessons had just started. No matter to him though. as the teacher came in he was dishing out notes on figures of speech. as the class came to a hush as he was dictaing about 10 mins later Jonah's bladder was getting harder to control. "What is this," he groaned. he used his strength and punched his lower abdomen trying to erect his well y'kno.

No one seemed to notice but his friend beside him, Zedikel.

"Whats going on?"

"i gotta go to the bathroom like SOON" he whispered back.

"Ya right."

"I'm serious i don't know why."

"Woah you are serious. How awkward."

"Hold on i'll search for anything suspicious."

After another period and a half of squirming he was really tired now literature was next and he REALLY WASNT IN THE MOOD.

Two hands jammed on his crotch at any chace he got trying to remain composed.

10 mins in and things got increasingly worse.

Literally sweating he lost control for a sec and a spurt leaked out not enough to soak through his pants although the warmth didn't help.

"Dude this is insane I HAVE TO GO NOW!"

"Ugh damn; wait." he nudged his head forward to signal him to look at Justen. A suspicious aura was emenating from his hands u could barely see it but he was using some sort of spell.

"GRR that PIECE OF WORTHLESS-- look at that smirk on his face." he said with tears running down his face from the exauhstion.

"Talk about a sore loser. Hey i have an idea."

Jonah carefully leaned over to zedikel's chair and upon hearing the plan gained a mischeivous smile. Zedilek used his pwer and created an uproar outside the class The teacher said she would be right back as she left to check on the noise. The teachers absence caused the classroom to spring to life and while everyone was distracted Jonah took advantage taking painful steps and clutched Justen in a sleeper hold and teleported off somewhere.

"WHAT THE HELL IS WITH YOU!" screamed Jonah.

"Revenge what do you think."

"REVENGE it was a freaking game for crying out loud your acting like a flipping turd on toast! Listen just Take off whatever spell you put on me."

"No We are going to play that game again and i will win."

"Like it matters its not even official plus unfair."

"As long as i know i broke your streak i win."

So angry he forgot about his predicament and let out another spurt stemming it just in time.

"Fine."

With that the war began every move Jonah made was murder on his bladder and weakened as well.Blast after blast they exchanged. Jonah's moves were still effective but not as much now. there was know way he could win with that spell constantly strengthening." He was practically kneeling on one leg and Justen took the opportunity. SMACK WENT A KICK that would usually break any normal person's teeth and he clutched Jonah and shocked him. That was it he couldnt hold on anymore. Urine rushed out of him as u could see the spot on him ever-growing and so was the puddle below. The intense warmth ran down his legs fro about a minute and a half. Having accomplished his goal he dropped the half conscious wet Jonah in his own puddle. He awoke and gained composure quickly not a tear down his face, that wasn't made of urine anyway. No emotion but anger.

So for the first time he did what the losers did splash water and dry it with fire and since there was no spell the game got personal. He approached the laughing idiot leaving his large puddle behind physically and mentally. cracked his neck and suddenly the boy went silent and the air still.

"Gulp"

BAM! SNAP! CRACK! a barrage of punches kicks and turmoil-like attacks ravaged Justen most aimed for the lower abdomen (couldn't imagine why -_-") so as to not break any bones. ONE STOMP AND PILLARS OF EARTH AROSE LIFTING AND CRUSHING HIS BODY. one minute so for the finishing touches he scooped up a little of the still warm pee and splashed it all over his crotch. This wasn't for the title just for the revenge. The warmth of the pee was sure to wake him up so he wiped his memory clean of the last 30 minutes before he arose to consciousness and both were brought back to class before the bell for recess. Justen just regaining consciousness was slumped back in his chair and greeted by the sound of children laughing at him. he looked down and saw the wet spot and puddle on his chair. Jonah and Zedikel were the only ones aware of what REALLY HAPPENED but not like they would tell anyone.

As one last measure Jonah took his water bottle, drank a large gulp in his chair right in front of Justen and the class surrounding him and said Well well Revenge is a total BICCH now isn't it.

THE END.

$

*002*2011-03-02 22:21

I haven't seen that vid i AGES i couldn't have possibly remembered it off the bat

