ΠΣΣ (Pi Sigma Sigma): Zephyr Moves In

Author: Weasel

*000*2019-07-31 05:56

Well hello again. It's been a while.

So I was driving along the other week, trying to get my mind off of things. It's been a stressful month. Good, but stressful. And then I see one of those "Adopt-a-Highway" signs, with the name of a sorority on it. And wheels began to turn in my head...

This scenario is what came out.

###

Zephyr felt all her insides were in total rebellion, she was so nervous. Could it really be true? Could she really be moving in to this magical place? And could this sorority really be as excellent as it sounded?

She looked up at the house. It was pretty big. Lots of windows (though most had the blinds down). There was a porch that didn’t look like it got a lot of use, although a couple bikes were locked up there. It certainly looked like it was full of young people—a little shabby, art on the door, shoes casually heaped up. But there was no sign of it being a sorority—no big gold Greek Letters over the door, like the fraternities she was used to.

Zeph looked down at herself. She didn’t really look the part of a sorority girl herself, or at least not as she imagined such girls appeared. She was in flip-flops, not high heels; in cutoff jeans, but not super-tight ones; in a thrift-store tank top, not designer wear. And of course her perky blonde hair had gotten a little bit gay, what with the side buzz on her right temple. But she was dressed more conservatively than usual for her, at least—she was wearing a bra! Her small boobs were practically rattling around in it, but she didn’t want to seem…

Well, what? After all, wasn’t that what she was here for? A certain kind of horniness?

Just relax. Come as you are, Kelly had told her. We’re all super-sweet, I’m sure everyone will love you.

Zephyr took a deep breath, shouldered her overnight bag, walked up the steps, and rang the doorbell.

“Just a sec!” someone called.

As Zephyr waited for that someone to open the door, she found her eyes examining the art that hung there. The picture was a stylized beach scene, with a river meeting the sea. And suddenly she realized that there was a sorority sign. Subtly woven into the picture were three Greek letters:

Π Σ Σ

She got a little shiver when she recognized that.

She heard footsteps, then a pause, and then the door swung open.

“Hi!” said the girl who’d opened it. “C’mon in, I didn’t realize it was you!”

Zephyr recognized the girl right away—she’d been here the last time. And what’s more, she even remembered her name: Amanda. It was easy to remember, as there hadn’t been any other big Black girls in the household.

Amanda was definitely on the larger side: big hips, big belly, big boobs, big butt. And big hair to match, too. She wasn’t really Zephyr’s type, but Zeph wasn’t about to say so. She wanted to make a good first impression.

“Is it Zephyr?” came a more-familiar voice: Kelly.

“Sure is!” Amanda sang out. “Seriously, girl, come on in and make yourself at home. Don’t just stand there, you’ll let in the flies.”

Zephyr stepped inside. Her eyes took a moment to adjust to the darkness, but as she blinked around she recognized it was just one big room, really—one big room the whole width of the house. There were two doors and the staircase off the back wall, and to the right of the staircase the big room extended further back into an open-plan kitchen.

She also recognized some people. Two brunettes were smiling up at her from one couch—one shyly, the other positively beaming with delight. A lanky redhead was chopping vegetables in the kitchen. And also in the kitchen—well, wiping off her hands and stepping out of the kitchen—was Kelly, who smiled widely from under her raven braid and gave Zephyr a big hug.

“Welcome,” Kelly said. “Welcome to Pi Sigma Sigma. Gosh, I’m so excited you’re here. Are you ready for this?”

Zephyr felt a little twinge in her innards again, way down at her crotch. Well, two twinges, really. The pressure of Kelly’s boobs against her were a part of that. But only a part.

“I think so,” she said.

“Well, set your bag down and let me give you the tour. Do you remember everybody?”

“Um—”

“It’s okay, there are lots of us.”

“Hi, I’m Ashley!” said the beaming brunette, bouncing up from her seat. She had a slight accent, and she had a haircut rather similar to Zephyr’s—partially long, partially buzzed—although the longer part was just shy of shoulder-length. Zephyr couldn’t help but admire Ashley’s body. Maybe it was just the athletic gear the girl was wearing, but she looked fit as all hell. Nice boobs and butt, a little rounder and fuller than Zeph’s own, but her arms and legs spoke to a lot of workouts.

“I’m Kari,” said the redhead. She was very slender, with only a trace of curves, and her hair was cut fairly short.

“I’m Amanda,” said Amanda.

“And this is Sophie,” Kelly said, gesturing to the other brunette—who smiled again and waved, very shyly.

“We’re missing one—Bella should be home soon,” Kelly went on. “Let me show you around, though! First stop—the Bunkroom! Here’s where you’ll sleep.”

The leftmost door in the back wall led to a spacious room that was largely filled by two sets of bunk beds and a lot of dressers.

“Ashley and Kari like the top bunks, so lucky you, there’s a lower bunk open,” Kelly said.

“Not a lot of privacy,” Zephyr pointed out.”

“That’s true. But from what you tell me, you’re pretty open, yeah? And after a while here, you’ll see just about everything, almost… This here is the Study Room,” she added, gesturing to the other door. “If you ever just want to get shit done and not be distracted, that’s the room for you. Kitchen, obviously… door to the back yard, such as it is… the real fun is upstairs.”

Kelly led the way, and Zephyr followed. Amanda came up behind them. Kari had gone back to chopping, and Ashley and Sophie had resumed their seat on the couch.

After a landing, the stairs brought them to a hallway that ran off to the right. To the left was an open door, but Kelly led the way down the hallway. “Bathroom there, we’ll come back to that… Here’s Bella’s room. I’ll let her show that to you, she’s got it set up the way she needs it and it’s best not to mess with it.”

“Over here, though,” said Amanda, “is my room, and you can mess with it a lot if you’ve got good ideas.” And she led the way into the big bedroom.

Amanda’s room was covered in coziness. A big bed, covered in pillows and stuffed animals, with gauzy drapes hanging over it. The couch that faced the bed looked incredibly comfy, too. And the hardwood floors that they had been walking on were covered in big fluffy throw rugs. There were cheerful posters and paintings on the walls.

“Bath mats,” Amanda said, running her toes over the nearest rug. “All of ‘em. Super absorbent and washable, but still nice on the feet.” She winked. “Oh, and the top drawer of the dresser is where we keep the toys. Try any of ‘em that you want, hon, just be sure to wash up after.” She turned to face Zephyr. “You are welcome here any time, hon. This door is always open, and I do mean always. So I want you to feel at home here, mmkay?”

“Thank you,” Zephyr said.

“Now let’s check out the balcony!” Kelly said.

There was a back door to the room, and Amanda led the way through it onto a spacious deck that overlooked a rather small lawn.

“We are not big lawn people,” Kelly said, “although sometimes the grass comes in handy. But we do like to hang out up here.” And indeed there were a lot of deck chairs. “We tan up here a lot. As far as we can tell, nobody in the other houses can see us when we’re lying down, so if you want to tan completely, be our guest.”

Zephyr, who loved wearing as few clothes as possible, felt that little twinge in her crotch again.

“Underneath the deck, Ashley’s got a little gym set up, if you want some weight training,” Kelly said. “But if we go this way…”

They stepped back inside the house and into a bedroom even bigger than Amanda’s. This room was not nearly so cozy. It did have an immense bed that looked big enough for four people, and two mats similar to the ones in Amanda’s room, but the walls were more stark. The tall dresser beside the bed was covered in vases and pitchers. And at the bedside…

“Whoops,” Kelly said. “Forgot to put that away...” And she grabbed what was obviously a sex toy from the bedside table and dropped it into a drawer. She turned to face Zephyr. “My room,” she said, unnecessarily. “Walk-in closet over there—let me know if you need to store some clothes there, we haven’t filled it up yet. You’ll spend some nights here, too.”

Twinge…

“Door back to the hallway there, and door to the bathroom here,” Kelly said, leading the way once again.

The bathroom was huge.

On the right, as they walked in, was a long countertop, matched by an equally long mirror. It had not one but two sinks, and bright lights all around the mirror. “Big enough for three or four of us to do our makeup at once,” Kelly said, “and the tub’s big enough for about the same number, if we get cozy! It’s got jets, too…” The bathtub was indeed immense. But there was also a shower—and, as if somewhat forgotten in the corner, a single toilet.

Another twinge. Not in quite the same place, although it was close. A bladder twinge, this time. Zephyr momentarily thought about hanging back after Kelly left. But Amanda was coming into the room behind her, and besides…

…So soon?

Kelly walked out of the bathroom and down the steps. “Here’s the Code,” she said, pausing on the landing.

Zephyr came down the steps and stopped beside her. There was a framed sign hanging on the wall, right where everyone had no choice but to see it. It was hand-lettered and hand-decorated, and read:

The ΠΣΣ Code

1. In this house we play, by ourselves or with each other, but always with safety and consent.

2. Safety: Don’t let it hurt—at least not for long.

If it hurts, let it out—at least a little.

3. Consent: Before any play, talk it out before and after.

Use the Stoplight System.

4. Use the Hair Tie System, too.

5. Eat healthy and drink lots.

6. No play in the Study Room—ever.

7. Be careful about bringing people over.

Be even more careful about bringing people in.

“There’s a better version somewhere,” Amanda said. “Says a bit more. But this one’s the prettiest, so it got to go up on the wall.”

“And that’s that!” Kelly said. “Oh, I think Bella’s home…”

All three of them walked down the steps. Another girl was closing the door behind her. She was blonde, wearing a knee-length white dress and big dark sunglasses, and in her hand was a blind person’s cane. Underneath that dress… well, this girl was curvy in all the right places.

“Hi, Bella!” Kelly called as she walked down. “Oh, wait, look out, Zephyr’s bag—”

Ashley jumped up just then, as if to grab that bag—but she froze for a moment, clenching her fists at her sides. Bella had apparently heard Kelly’s warning, however, and froze too. Instead of folding up her cane, as she’d been about to, she instead did a quick sweep around her ankles.

“It’s all right, I’ve got it,” Ashley said, again in that lovely accent. It sounded eastern European. Ashley pulled Zephyr’s bag out of the way.

“Thank you, Ash,” Bella said, gratefully. She had a lovely voice. She walked fearlessly to a chair facing Ashley and Sophie’s couch, sat down, and crossed her legs. “Whew. Long day.”

“How are you doing?” Ashley asked.

“Oh, fairly well. I haven’t—”

“Bella,” Kelly said, cutting in warningly, “Zephyr’s here.”

“Oh!” Bella said. “Pleased to meet you at last, Zephyr.” She held out a hand.

Zephyr hurried over to take it. “I’m pleased to meet you, too,” she said, and meant it.

Bella cocked her head. “Hmm. Where are you from?”

“The Midwest?”

“Yes, that would explain it.”

“So… um…”

Bella chuckled. “Yes, I’m blind. Not totally. I see colors, especially if there’s a lot of light. But I have trouble with shapes and virtually no peripheral vision.”

“Can… can you see me?”

“With my eyes, I can see that there’s a shadow in front of me,” Bella said. “With my hands, I could see a bit more. Once we’ve gotten to know each other better. People sometimes find it a little—much for a first meeting.”

Zephyr nodded, then realized how stupid this was, and said, “Oh, I see—wait, I mean—”

Bella chuckled. “If I were that thin-skinned, Zephyr, I would never leave the house. If there’s anything you’re curious about or wondering about, just ask.”

“I’m curious about how you’re doing,” Ashley said.

“I’m on track for today,” Bella told her, turning her head slightly to face toward Ashley.

“What does that mean?” Zephyr asked.

Bella paused for a long second before answering. “Well, you know what we do here, right?”

“We’ve all been tiptoeing around it,” Amanda said.

“Better to get it over with,” Kelly said.

“Hmm. Must I?” Bella said, quietly. “To a stranger?”

“I’ll tell!” Ashley said. “I haven’t peed since lunch. I’m at 6, close to 7.”

There was a slight pause as they all took this in—and then Kari said, “I went a little more recently, but I’m at a 6, too. Trying to catch up.”

“Nice!” Amanda said, nodding and smiling at both Ashley and Kari. “Kelly?”

“I’m taking tonight off.”

“Well, I’m at maybe a 4, if anyone wants to know,” Amanda said. “Sophie…?”

But the shy girl just shook her head. In fact, she had yet to say anything at all.

“For the record that was a head-shake,” Amanda said.

“Yes, I heard,” Bella said. “As for me, if we’re doing this… I haven’t used a toilet since I woke up.”

Ashley grinned, but there was a fierce look in her eye. “Someday, Bella!”

“But not today,” Bella said—and there was a bit of smugness in her voice.

“What level?”

“Oh, I’d say… 7? 8? If I had to put a number on it. Certainly no problem at the moment. I won’t be trying for an all-night hold, however.”

“How about you, Zephyr?” Kelly asked. “Just jump right on in. Do you need to pee?”

“Um…”

“Don’t be shy, now,” Kelly said. “You know that’s what we’re all about.”

“Let the girl ease into it if she wants,” Amanda said, gently swatting Kelly’s arm.

“Um… yeah. I do. Kinda.”

“Well, if you want to try a hold your first night here, we’d all be delighted,” Amanda said, “but if you’d rather just watch, that’s okay too. Nobody’s going to rush you into anything.”

“Thanks…”

“Just FYI, Kari and I are having a contest,” Ashley said.

“Uh—you mean—a holding contest?”

“Yeah!” Ashley said. “First one to pee takes the L. You wanna join in?”

“Ashley, that’s a yellow light for me,” Kari said.

“Oh shit, sorry. What’s up?”

“I’d rather I got to know Zephyr a little bit more first,” Kari said.

“That’s fair!” Ashley said, and turned back to Zephyr. “Sorry. Not tonight. But soon—I’ll take you on! See what the new girl’s got, huh?”

“Um… sure.” And then, because Ashley was making lots of those twinges happen, she added: “I’d like that.”

“It’s a deal,” Ashley said.

“But before any of that,” Kelly said, “let’s finish making dinner, huh?”

Zephyr, a little relieved, hurried to help—and with extra hands, the meal was soon ready. They ate around the table, which was just big enough for all seven of them: three to a side and Kelly at the head. Zephyr couldn’t keep her eyes off of Ashley, who was definitely showing some signs of needing to pee. She was probably the most visibly desperate of the whole group, squirming in her seat a lot. But Kari wasn’t that far behind. Amanda had seated herself next to Zephyr to make the new girl welcome, made a few gestures of needing to go, herself—but mostly she was making eye contact with Ashley and Kari, and when those two girls gave her the thumbs-up, she smiled warmly and made encouraging expressions: silent You go, girl! or Hold on, you got this! And to Bella, who was seated on Amanda’s other side, Amanda asked just once, “Need any help?” To which Bella serenely replied, “No, thank you.”

Meanwhile Amanda and Kelly were keeping the conversation going nicely, drawing Zephyr in routinely. Kelly had a wicked sense of humor, and Zephyr couldn’t help but laughing. Neither, apparently, could Ashley, who finally cried out, “Oh shit, Kelly, don’t make me laugh any more! It’s not fair!”

“Now, now, I’m making Kari laugh too.”

“She doesn’t laugh as hard as I do!”

“And my money’s still on you, Ash. So maybe I’m just trying to make it interesting, huh?”

“Ooooooh, I’ll show you…”

“Yes, that’s what I want you to do,” Kelly said.

“I’ve gotta help with cleanup, too!”

“That’s one of the rules here,” Kelly said. “If you didn’t cook, you help clean up.”

“I didn’t help a lot,” Zephyr said. “Should I help clean?”

“No, no. You certainly did help,” Kelly said. “But if you’re feeling particularly chivalrous, you could take over scrubbing the pans. I don’t think Ashley or Bella particularly want to be dealing with running water right now.”

“I generally do the drying, anyway,” Bella said. “Much easier for me.”

After dinner, Sophie vanished into the Bunkroom, having said very little all night (but having grinned at all of Kelly’s wit). Ashley and Amanda helped load the diswasher, moving a little gingerly. Zephyr did scrub one of the pans (Amanda did the other) and Bella, who moved with some confidence into the kitchen without her cane, did indeed do the drying. Then the blind blonde said, “Well, ladies, I’m pretty tired. I think I will go up.”

“Need any help?” Amanda asked again.

“No, I don’t think so.”

“How full?” Ashley asked.

“Oh, certainly an 8 by now. And with what I just drank it will be a 9 before bed.”

Ashley shook her head. “I don’t know how you do it…”

“How do you get to Carnegie Hall’s bathroom?”

Ashley laughed. “Can I hug you?”

“Of course,” Bella said. And as Ashley did so—her head coming up just to Bella’s chin—Bella said, “Zephyr, it’s always a good idea to ask me about hugs and so on. I generally say yes—almost always, for the sisters. But not by surprise.”

“Got it,” Zeph said.

Bella bent slightly and kissed Ashley’s head. “Good night and good luck, darling,” she told the shorter girl.

Ashley squeezed a little tighter—she seemed to be relishing Bella’s boobs—and then let go at last. She had to cross her legs as she did.

Amanda got a hug from Bella, too, and then the blind girl walked fearlessly and unerringly toward the stairs and up them.

“She’s really—” Zephyr began. But Kelly waved her silent. “Good ears,” she whispered, when Bella had gone all the way up.

“And she’s really gonna hold it until she goes to bed?”

“Usually does!”

Kari and Ashley were now sitting at opposite ends of the couch, very deliberately looking at their phones and not each other. Both were showing considerable signs of restlessness. Kelly watched them with naked interest, but made no move to join them. Instead she stood talking to Zephyr for a bit.

“So,” she said. “You saw the Code, but let me explain a little bit more.”

“Yes please.”

“The stoplight system is pretty simple. Red Light means you stop playing. No matter what. No matter how close you are to what you want, you stop, no questions asked.”

“So if something bad happens…?”

“Yes. If someone crosses a line, maybe, or does something that really wasn’t discussed, or does something unsafe or painful. Or even just for practice.”

“Practice?”

“You bet. People get afraid to call a Red Light. So every now and then, we just do one for practice, so we all get used to doing it. You should call a Red Light soon. Not in your very first playing, I think—but soon. And we can call them on the people playing even if we’re not playing ourselves, by the way.

“Yellow Light means you’re not comfortable with something. Whoever you’re playing with, they should stop what they just did, or back off. But if you call a Yellow, you really need to explain what went wrong.

“Green Light, of course, means ‘keep going,’ or ‘more, please.’ Brown Light: gotta stop because I gotta poop. We don’t like that too much. If you can, take care of all that before playing. But it happens sometimes. And then Night Light is just ‘I’m too tired to play, or to keep playing.’”

“Got it.”

“Generally speaking, don’t go through a closed door. And if there’s a hair tie on the doorknob, it means don’t even knock, we’re playing. But a hair tie on a door that’s not closed means ‘Come on in and join.’”

“Okay.”

“That’s most of it! Oh—Rule 7. So everyone’s agreed to give you a try. But you’re still on probation for now.”

“What do I need to do?”

“You just need a Green Light from everyone. One Red Light and you’re out, no questions asked. Any Yellows and you’ll need to improve at something to get the Green.”

“What am I getting judged on?”

“Oh, it’s a little different for each of us. But I’ll tell you this much: odds are pretty good it’s gonna involve pee.”

“You mean, like…?” Zephyr nodded toward Ashley and Kari. Since her own bladder was now quite full, it was rather on her mind.

“Holding it? Oh yes. For Ashley, for Sophie, and for me.”

“I have a few other things I look for,” Amanda said. “But you’ll be holding while I check ‘em out.”

“What about Kari? And Bella?”

“You’ll find we all like somewhat different things. Kari and Bella will tell you what they’re looking for when they’re ready. But in general—don’t be an asshole, be a good sport, be willing to try things but also set your red lines… and of course clean up your mess.”

“My pee?”

“Any mess. Don’t care if it’s dirty clothes or dirty dishes.”

“Okay.”

Kelly patted her shoulder. “You’ll probably be just fine, Zeph. But for now, I’m going upstairs.”

“How about you?” Amanda asked Zephyr. “Turning in soon?”

“Uh—I’m not really sleepy…” Her eyes wandered over to Ashley.

Amanda chuckled. “It’s getting exciting over there, isn’t it?” she said. “But Kari wanted to get to know you a bit more first.”

“Oh. Right.”

“Kari, Ash—would you like to take this up to my room?” Amanda called.

“I’m okay anywhere,” Ashley said, and looked to Kari.

“Yeah, let’s go up,” Kari said. “No offense, Zephyr, but this is about to get a little hotter and heavier and, well…”

“It’s okay,” Zephyr said. “I understand.” But she followed Ashley with her eyes as the two girls went upstairs. Ashley was, after all, clutching her crotch. And she had the cutest butt…

Amanda flipped deadbolts on the outside doors and turned to Zephyr. “I’m gonna go lend those two a hand,” she said. “I like helping everybody out. But whenever you want to come up to my room for a little play, you’ll be welcome.”

“Thanks,” Zephyr said, a little uncertainly.

“Sleep well, now. Oh, and if you pee before bed tonight, remember the door rules apply to the bathroom, too.”

If?

Left alone, Zephyr sat on the couch for a bit. Anxiety and arousal chased each other through her body. This was either gonna be the hottest thing ever or the weirdest thing ever. After all, it sounded like they were expecting her to hold her pee with each other member of Pi Sigma Sigma, in turn. That was something she’d always done exclusively in private. Especially the getting-herself-off part that so often followed right after. Although she’d always found it intensely sexy when other girls around her had needed to pee… and it looked like there would be plenty of that…

Including right now. Upstairs, there were at least two girls holding their pee as long as they could. Maybe three, if Bella hadn’t gone yet.

And down here, there was another. She really needed to go by now.

She headed for the stairs—and stopped. She could wait a little longer. After all, that’s what Pi Sigma Sigma was all about, right?

She squeezed her pee back, with a visible effort: crossed legs and a bit of a grimace.

There was a small sound, like someone taking a sharp breath. She looked over at the door of the Bunkroom.

Sophie was there, in a nightgown that somehow set off her breasts to excellent advantage, and hung short of her knees. Her hair was down, a tad rumpled. She was gripping either side of the doorframe with her hands. Her legs were crossed, and there was a look in her eye. It was a look Zephyr had often seen aimed at her, but never from someone who seemed so shy. It was a look of pure lust.

Sophie realized she’d been caught looking, and blushed beet red. But she didn’t move. She kept her hands and legs where they were, silently sending out an I’m bursting message.

Then the small quiet girl said, in a voice barely above a whisper, “I’m really glad you’re here.”

###

All right, folks. We're just getting warmed up here.

As you might guess from the story, there are going to be six more stories of holding it, holding contests, desperation, peeing, and yes, sex. And that's just to get Zephyr off of probation. After that there are so many more possibilities... so many more...

Too many, in fact, for one man to write (even someone who can write as fast as me). To really do this saga justice before the end of the world, I'm going to need a little help. I'd love to collaborate on these stories with anyone who would like to. PM me if you're interested!

A few clarifications: this is straight-up fantasy. If you liked Meagan & Parker (my last series) because of the careful plotting and character development, I hate to disappoint. If you liked M&P because of the grounded realism, this ain't the tale for you. If you liked it because of all the bursting bladders and squirmy situations—if you were wishing that Meagan and Dacy and Zephyr all had a holding contest,lost all control, and then fucked each other—then this series is absolutely for you.

Yes, this is Zephyr from Meagan & Parker. But it's a "fictionalized" Zephyr. Pi Sigma Sigma doesn't exist in the world of Meagan and Parker. Zephyr has also moved from bi-curious to outright-bi-if-not-veering-into-gay. She's still pee-shy, though.

And yes, we will see all the characters we met here desperate to pee at some point.

Let's have some fun!

*003*2019-08-01 01:51

WARNING: Lots of sexual content -- and also sexual consent.

###

Chapter 2: Kelly in Command

Zephyr’s first full day at Pi Sigma Sigma (ΠΣΣ) was fairly uneventful. The girls got up, made food, took showers, did their makeup and hair (or not, as the case might be), went to class or went to work, came home, made more food, hung out, and went to bed. The only thing that marked them as a little different was that Kelly made them all smoothies in the morning. Zephyr’s was filling enough that she barely ate anything else for breakfast. “What’s in this?” she asked.

“The patented Pi Sigma Sigma mix,” Kelly said.

“Not actually patented,” Kari added, amused.

“Some protein, a little fat, and a big ol’ bunch of fiber,” Kelly went on, as if Kari hadn’t said anything. “It’s a little gross to think about, but we do try to keep ourselves nice and regular. That makes it sound like we’re all a bunch of old ladies eating prunes, but after your first Brown Light, you’ll understand.”

To Zepyhr’s relief, the rest of the meals were much more normal, and much less uniform. Amanda made soul food every now and then. Ashley was all about sports drinks and constant snacks—unless, she said, pierogies were involved. Kari was vegetarian, Bella ate plenty of meat… and so on.

On Zephyr’s second full day, however, Kelly came up to her at breakfast, handed her the standard smoothie, and said, “So Zephyr. Would you like to play with me tonight?”

Zeph had been waiting for this moment, but somehow hearing it straight out caught her by surprise. She shivered (though the house was warm) and said, “Yes.”

“Great!” Kelly said. “Can we agree to stay hydrated today? Pee as much as you want at school, whenever you want, but drink plenty. Would you like some juice to help?”

“Uh—sure. To all of that.”

So Kelly sent Zephyr off to class with a bottle of fruit juice mixed with water, plus her usual water bottle. Kelly said she’d drink the same. Zephyr was seriously distracted, between the constant sipping, the very frequent need to run off to the restroom, and the memory of Kelly’s last words:

“Can we also agree not to pee once we get home from class tonight? We’ll work out the rest of the play then.”

Zephyr finished off both bottles over the course of the morning and afternoon. When it was time to head back to the house, she felt a little pressure in her bladder—just the barest hint that she needed to go. It would be her last chance. She decided not to take it.

By the time she got back to ΠΣΣ House, she was feeling her bladder just a little bit more (for some reason she was very tuned in to it today!)—but she was feeling far more than that. Excitement, nervousness, confusion…

Kelly was waiting for her. “How are you?” she asked.

“I’m good,” Zephyr said. “A little nervous.”

Kelly nodded. “I get it. Would figuring out what we’re gonna do tonight help with that?”

“Probably. I’m kinda unclear…”

“Sure, we haven’t really said anything, have we? So here’s what I had in mind. Nothing fancy or complicated for your first time: we’ll just hold it as long as possible.”

“Like a contest?”

“Naw,” Kelly said. “You’ll get plenty of that from Ashley—she makes everything a contest. But what I like is being in charge. So what I was think was, you can’t pee until I say so. I hope that’s okay.”

There was that shiver again. And Zephyr felt her arousal growing. “Yeah. That’s okay.”

“Great! A couple other questions. Would you like me to decide where you pee, or would you like choices?”

“Choices, please.”

“Mmmhmm. And are you okay with me watching?”

“I… I think so.”

“Touching?”

“Um… yes.”

“Getting naked?”

“Yes.”

“You were pretty clear on that!”

“I don’t like wearing much, if I can get away with it.”

“Oooh, excellent. Okay, last question. Do you want this to be sexual?”

“Um—is ‘not sexual’ even an option?”

“It is for some of us,” Kelly said. “Kari’s ace, and Amanda is more about the helper aspect than the turn-ons.”

“For me, it’s sexual,” Zephyr said.

A wicked smile spread across Kelly’s face. “Excellent.”

After that seriously exciting talk, Zephyr was surprised that Kelly simply turned to making dinner, and invited her to join. They worked side-by-side, and then ate side by side. Unlike Zephyr’s first night, not everyone was home for dinner, but Amanda and Sophie were there, and ate with them. Zephyr barely tasted the meal, however. She definitely needed to pee now. She wasn’t desperate yet, but she was sure she would be soon. Kelly wasn’t showing much sign.

But then, as they finished up, Kelly laid a hand on Zeph’s hand and said, “So. Do you need to pee?”

Zephyr swallowed. Here we go. “Yes.”

“Good. So do I. How much? Scale of one to ten.”

“Umm… five? Six?”

Kelly nodded. “I can promise you,” she said, “that neither one of us is going to pee until you’re all the way at ten.”

Then she cleared her plate.

While Amanda and Sophie got dinner for Bella, who had just come home, and attended to the dishes, Kelly took Zephyr by the arm. “Shall we go up?” she asked.

“Yes, please.”

“Have fun!” Amanda said.

Zephyr felt a little odd, knowing that every girl in the house knew she was about to have sex… and not just regular sex, but wet sex, desperate sex. It was a strange feeling. And it was a little sexy.

Well, maybe a lot sexy.

It was much warmer in Kelly’s room, being upstairs. Kelly slipped a hair tie over the doornob and shut the door. “I’m sorry I can’t really open the windows,” she said, “considering what we’re up to. But maybe shirts off?”

Zephyr needed no second bidding for that. She immediately shucked off her spaghetti-strap top, baring her lime-green bra underneath. Kelly took off her shirt, too. Zeph took a hungry look at her cleavage; Kelly was probably a B cup, but her bra made her look bigger.

“Do you usually wear a bra?” Kelly asked, sizing up her new housemate.

“Not really… I just felt…”

“I don’t think anyone will miss it if you stop wearing one. You can stop right now, if you want.”

Zeph didn’t need to be told twice on this, either. She unhooked her bra right away, and tossed it down next to her shirt. This left her in shorts (with panties on underneath) and nothing else. Kelly made no move to take her bra off. “Gosh, you’re cute,” she said instead.

“Thanks,” Zephyr said, posing a little.

“Do you like to be touched there?”

“Oh yeah.” It was true—there seemed to be a direct line between Zephyr’s nipples and her crotch. Just a little attention, and she’d be soaking wet.

“May I?”

“…Yes.”

Kelly stepped behind and cradled Zephyr’s small boobs in her hands, gently touching the nipple tips with her thumbs. Zephyr felt the rush at once. She was getting really turned on. And also getting really full. Kelly must have noticed this. “Can I touch a little lower?” she asked.

“Go ahead,” Zeph answered, guessing Kelly was headed for the bladder but hoping she wouldn’t stop there.

She was right about the first part, at least. Kelly found the small patch of firmness on Zephyr’s belly. “How bad do you need to go now?”

“Seven,” Zephyr answered.

“I’m maybe a little behind you.”

“Seems like you’re all the way behind me right now.”

Kelly chuckled. “You know what I meant. You’re moving around a lot.”

“Yeah.”

“Because you need to pee?”

“Yeah.”

“Do you think you can hold still for a bit?”

Zephyr tried, then said. “That’s hard!”

“Whenever you need to cross your legs or bend over or hold yourself, you do whatever you need to do. You can do anything you need to—except pee. For that, you need my permission.”

Zeph had thought she was getting wet when Kelly had touched her nipples. But that was nothing next to what she felt after hearing Kelly’s words.

“As for me,” Kelly went on, “I definitely need to pee, too. But I’ll wait until you have peed first. I don’t intend to let you go for a while yet, though. So we’re both gonna be bursting for a bit, huh?” She stepped to Zeph’s side and unbuttoned her own shorts. “Here, would you like to feel?”

Zephyr’s hand found a definite tightness in Kelly’s body, right where the bladder was. But then her own bladder made its own demands, and Zephyr had to cross her legs and squeeze.

Kelly laughed, deep and low. “Gosh, you’re cute. I think I just want to watch you for a bit!”

And so she did, sitting on the edge of the bed with her own legs crossed, watching as Zephyr wrestled with her bladder. It really was a wrestling match. Zeph was wriggling and scissoring her legs, and constantly shifting from foot to foot and place to place in the room.

“Mmmm,” Kelly said, after a particularly dramatic and necessary squirm. “How badly do you need to go now?”

“Eight. Maybe eight and a half.”

“Gosh. Are you always this visible…? I guess you are, otherwise I never would have spotted you.”

“How long were you watching me, in class?”

“Oh, most of the quarter. But that extra-long lecture… that’s what made me sure. You looked ready to burst, but you kept drinking.”

“Is that when you introduced yourself?”

“Honestly?” Kelly said. “No, not that day. I had to go home quickly after that—and do this.” She slipped two fingers down past the undone button of her shorts and into her panties.

“You really—?”

“Absolutely,” Kelly said. “I’ve never been so turned on in a lecture in my life.” She kept rubbing herself. “Would you like a vibrator?” she asked suddenly. “I should have offered earlier, we could have found one that really works for you…”

Zeph shook her head. “I’m good… but can I take my shorts off?”

“You go right ahead.”

Down to just her panties, Zephyr was wriggling all the more now. She already wanted to grab her crotch, but she thought she’d need that for later. Instead she kept moving, moving, moving. Cross legs. Uncross and do them the other way. Press thighs together tightly without any crossing at all. Sit on the edge of the couch, facing Kelly, and double-cross the legs. Stand up again a minute later. Maybe bend over if necessary. Furtive move toward her crotch, which she caught in time and quelled. Later…

She whimpered.

As if that were a signal, Kelly stood up and dropped her shorts. “My god,” she said. “You are unbelievably cute. Can I kiss you?”

There was something about the request—something in Kelly’s voice—that made Zephyr realize Kelly maybe didn’t ask that of everyone.

“Yes,” she said, breathless with arousal.

Kelly stepped close, and laid one hand on the buzzed side of Zephyr’s head, the other hand on the smaller girl’s hip. She looked deep into Zephyr’s anxious, desperate eyes, and kissed her.

It was quite a kiss: sweet and tentative, at first. Zephyr answered it hungrily, and felt Kelly respond. The hand on her hip slid along her back. Zepyhr’s arms crossed over Kelly’s shoulders. They only broke apart when both of them—at the same moment—had to squeeze hard to fight back their pee.

“Damn, but you’re tasty,” Kelly said, gasping again.

“Can I… can you take your bra off?”

“Of course,” Kelly said.

Then it was fondling—downright groping—for a little while. Kelly pulled them down on the bed. They felt each other up, felt each other all over, every now and then pausing to fight back the latest surge of pee trying to break loose. Then Kelly merged the two. “I’ll hold you if you hold me,” she whispered in Zeph’s ear.

Zephyr nodded eagerly and found Kelly’s crotch. Kelly’s hand slid over hers, thumb pressed on the pee-hole, forefinger on the clit. She’d found the exact place instantly. Zeph copied her.

They helped each other this way for a little while. But then Zephyr had to break away. “If you make me cum, I’m gonna piss in your bed,” she said.

“Well, that’s happened before,” Kelly said calmly—but her cheeks were deeply flushed and her breath was still coming fast. “No need to wash the sheets if we don’t need to.”

“Kelly?”

“Yeah, cutie?”

“I can’t hold it any more.”

Kelly smiled—a sultry smile. “Just what I wanted to hear. Are you about to piss your panties?”

“Uh-huh.”

“Take ‘em off.”

Zephyr yanked them down. Kelly stood up and slid off her own. They stood, naked, both of them grabbing their groins. Kelly’s boobs were heaving with her fierce arousal. Zephyr, for her part, was dripping wet—but she hadn’t let one drop of pee fall, not yet.

“Still can’t hold it?”

“Nuh-uh. I gotta… I gotta…”

“So you’ve got a choice,” Kelly said firmly, over Zephyr’s panicked gasping. “You may pee anywhere you like in the bathroom except the toilet. Bathtub, shower, either sink: go for it.”

Zephyr ran to the bathroom door. Just as she was about to open it, however, a thought flashed through her mind: what if one of the other girls was in there? She didn’t mind being seen naked, of course. But this wasn’t just nakedness and this wasn’t just pee-holding. This was sex like she’d never felt before. She wanted Kelly’s fingers in her, Kelly’s tongue on her. She wanted another kiss just as badly as she wanted to pee. Bringing a third person in—now—she couldn’t do it.

Kelly saw her predicament. “I’ll make sure the coast is clear,” she said, and opened the bathroom door. She then quickly strode across the bathroom—still clutching herself all the while—to slip another hair tie over another doorknob, and shut the door to the hallway as well. “We’re good,” she said, turning back to Zephyr.

“What… what if someone else needs to use the bathroom?”

“Then they’ll play with us for a bit on the other side of the door, whether they like it or not,” Kelly said with a grin. “It happens. Part of the price we pay to live in Pi Sigma Sigma. But I don’t think we’ll be in here long. Come here, cutie.”

Zephyr ran to her, and Kelly kissed her again. And again. And more and more until Zephyr had to break free with a panicked squeal and say, “Sorry, sorry, but I can’t—I can’t—”

“Can’t hold it in?” Kelly asked.

“No…”

“Okay, you have your choice. Anywhere but the toilet.”

Zephyr looked around wildly.

“If I could make a suggestion,” Kelly said, “I’d really like to pee with you. So maybe not the sinks.”

Zephyr nodded, absently, frantically—and ran into the shower. Kelly followed.

“All right, girl,” Kelly said. “Your very first play peeing in Pi Sigma Sigma. Go ahead and let go, and I’ll be right behind you.”

Zephyr let go…

…Or tried to.

“What’s wrong?”

“I can’t! I can’t pee!”

“Why not?”

“Not… not when you’re looking…”

“Aww, are you pee-shy?” Kelly asked.

Zephyr nodded again.

There was a flash of irritation on Kelly’s face, instantly replaced with compassion. “Okay. So this is a good example of a Yellow Light, when something's wrong and we need talk some more. Am I too close? Could I watch from the bathtub?”

“I can’t have you looking at all…”

Kelly hesitated, just a second, and then said, “Okay, I’ll use one of the sinks. Is that okay? Can you let go if I can still hear you?”

“I dunno…”

“Let’s try.” Kelly jumped out of the shower and closed the door behind her. Zephyr could see her silhouette through the frosted glass, moving over to the sink (one hand still firmly gripping her crotch). “Okay, I’m ready,” Kelly said. “Just let me know when you’re going.”

It took Zephyr a little while longer, knowing that Kelly would still hear—but by now the urge was overpowering. After all, she standing naked over a drain, and she’d been desperate for quite some time. She bent her legs a little, and her stream broke loose.

Zephyr’s streams had a tendency to be strong but narrow. This one was even more so than usual. It hit not the floor, but the door. Zephyr cried out involuntarily.

“Whoa, you’re loud!” Kelly said from the sink, and a moment later the sound of her stream hitting the sink basin mingled with the sound of Zephyr’s fountain.

It took Zephyr a while to empty out. Kelly finished faster, got down off the sink, and walked back over to the shower. When she heard Zephyr let out a last gush, she opened the shower door, took Zephyr by the hips, and pulled her close for another kiss.

“I wish I could have seen that,” she said, when they broke apart for breath. “We need to work on your pee-shyness, girl. But you can make up for it.”

“How?”

Kelly stuck out her tongue and licked Zephyr’s lips. “That’s how…”

A little while later, they both lay spread out on Kelly’s bed, wrapped in the afterglow.

“So,” Kelly said. “How do you like your aftercare?”

“Aftercare?”

“We just did a hard thing. Holding ain’t easy. So now we relax. Treat ourselves a bit. What would you like: hot bath? Hot shower? Hot chocolate? Regular chocolate?”

“Can I choose more than one?”

“Of course.”

They showered together first, then wrapped up in big fluffy bathrobes back on the bed, splitting a chocolate bar between them.

“You are such a cutie,” Kelly said for the eighth time that night. “You could almost make me gay.”

“Wait, you’re not?”

“Not really. I am seriously into pee, though, so it still works for the sisterhood. But…” she reached over to the drawer and pulled out a dildo. “I still love cock. More than pussy. Even so, you are just a delight.” She stroked Zephyr’s cheek. “Ashley’s gonna love you.”

“But you…?”

“Oh, we will do this again,” Kelly said. “Most definitely. As often as we like. I just think you and Ashley are gonna go up like fireworks… she’s very gay.”

“What about the others?”

“Like I said, Kari’s ace. Bella is bi. Amanda is… whatever she needs to be. Sophie is probably gay, but I’m honestly not entirely sure. Yourself?”

“I like sex with guys, but girls are so much better.”

“I can understand that. I don’t quite agree, but I can understand that.” She kissed Zephyr’s cheek. “Though maybe I agree a little more right now. Wanna stay the night?”

###

All right, folks. So I wrote two stories in two days, but I really really can't keep that pace -- not without some backup. If anyone wants to lend a hand, PM me!

*008*2019-08-06 01:37

{{On 7/31/2019 at 11:20 PM, warham1995 said:

So just curious, will there be a harem type set-up with this story?

}}

Sort of? Kelly is definitely the queen bee of this story -- you'll notice she has her own room and the other girls come to her. But the others do hook up with each other, too.

{{On 7/31/2019 at 11:49 PM, Manowar said:

Amazing story. But what about wetting (panties/bed/pants)? Maybe if Ashley likes contests, there will be some "accidents"????

}}

Thank you! I'm not a wetting fan myself, so I've written the characters to be into holding, not wetting. But maybe a few wettings will slip in. (Or out!)

Working on the next story: "Ashley's Game."

*010*2019-08-21 01:46

Other projects (like work) have taken priority for the last few days, but I haven't forgotten this.
