May 2022 Omorashi Writing Competition - Submissions

Author: WiiGuy86 

*000*2022-06-08 04:31

Thanks everyone for participating! Here are the submissions. I'll be asking the judges to rank the stories in order and submit those ratings to by July 15th. I'll tally the cumulative rating for each story and the story with the lowest number will win. 

###

Here is PeeHour's submission: 

Pssshhhhhhhh. 

The steamy release of pressure sizzled in her ears. 

Phoebe glanced over her shoulder - a bus had just halted to a stop in the lane beside her. She had already been sitting at this red light for over a minute. White knuckles death-gripped her steering wheel, her knee vibrating as her left foot bobbled up and down against the car floor. 

Hurry up… she groaned. There better be a fricken bathroom at this place.. Bound for the local sauna, Phoebe had left straight after her part-time hostess shift at a restaurant across town. It wasn’t the best job, but it did fill her pockets just enough to cover her living expenses while away at college. However, the crowded lunch rush had prevented her from finding a chance to slip into the bathroom, and a larger showing than usual forced her to stay nearly half an hour past her scheduled shift. Phoebe had to zip out of the eatery as soon as she clocked out. She couldn’t miss her appointment at the sauna - her friend had been bugging her for weeks about whether or not Phoebe had used the free ticket she had given her. 

Phoebe couldn’t care less about sitting in a steaming-hot room. All she wanted right now was access to a restroom. Still in her uniform pants from work, the tight black denim and belt buckled dug straight into the bulge of her bladder. She decided to at least take advantage of the extended red light, taking time to loosen her belt - just enough to give her bladder an extra inch of breathing room. 

Ahhh… she sighed. That should hold me over a bit longer.. As soon as the light turned green, Phoebe’s feet floored the gas pedal, immediately accelerating right out the gate like a racehorse. She had to piss like one, after all. Exhaust from her junker hand-me-down car trailed in her wake, the hazy clouds again teasing her of her destination. 

When Phoebe finally pulled into the parking lot, her shoulders slumped and she exhaled an airy sigh. Only moments away from a bathroom, her body relaxed. However, as her urine swiftly crawled just at the edge of her opening, Phoebe abruptly tensed up and clamped her muscles shut. ‘Crap!’ she muttered. She carefully examined the crotch of her black work slacks, relieved to see no indication of wetness. She then carefully opened the car door and stepped out onto the pavement. She opened the back door to grab her drawstring bag, painstakingly bending over to do so, knives of pressure stabbing into her overinflated organ. Phoebe winced, but was able to retrieve her bag without sparing a drop. Just a short walk inside stood between her and relief. She selectively planned out each movement - move too quickly, and she might leak. She seemed to slowly and steadily regain her composure as she walked to the front door. Just three people stood in line in front of her. Glancing at the clock, Phoebe noted her arrival was right on time. She figured she would check in first to guarantee her spot before retreating to the restroom. Confident that she had already crossed the finish line, Phoebe turned towards the complimentary ice water station. Might as well hydrate before I sweat and pee everything out, she thought. 

The line soon thinned out to just the guy in front of Phoebe. She had just gulped down the last sip of her second cup before overhearing the guy’s conversation with the clerk. “Excuse me ma’am, but are there bathrooms in the locker room?” 

Phoebe’s ears perked up. This information pertained to her. But the cashier’s answer put her in a panic. “Unfortunately, sir, our plumbing is being fixed right now after a pipe burst yesterday. The locker rooms are still available for you to change, but I’m sorry to say the actual restroom area is off-limits to the public at this time.” 

Phoebe froze where she stood. Her fingers went numb, dropping the plastic cup on the ground. “Oh, um, that’s okay…” the guy uttered, his voice stuttering as if trying to mask disappointment. He trudged towards the locker rooms, leaving an empty space for Phoebe to fill. 

Phoebe just stared forward into an unknown abyss. Her senses became hyper-aware of the weight in her bladder, which seemed to now be pulling her downwards through the floor. A swirl of blotches and blurs encircled her as her head began to sway. What was that sound? Are those words? 

“Ma’am? Are you ready to check in?” the clerk’s voice chimed. 

Phoebe broke free from her desperate daze. She thought about turning around and leaving, but she was seeing her friend tonight - what if she asked about the sauna tickets? Phoebe's brain recalled her track practices - she rarely had to pee during those, her body sweating out most of the water she drank. Perhaps the sauna would work the same way. Can I just sweat out the pee? Is that how that works? Phoebe pondered to herself. 

After the mental contemplation, Phoebe stepped forward. Her fingers fumbled through her bag, pulling out a prepaid ticket. “I-I have an appointment? And this free p-pass?” Phoebe replied, her voice strained but attempting to fein politeness. 

“Ah, yes,” the clerk chirped. “Just in time for our last session. These are good for one half-hour steam. Although we don’t recommend you stay in the entire time, be sure to-” 

“Thanks,” Phoebe interrupted, “Do I just go over here?” 

The clerk frowned for a brief moment before recovering her mandatory smile. “Yes ma’am, the locker rooms are to your left. The sauna is just down the hall.” The clerk handed Phoebe a locker key, before continuing, “ Also, may I ask, have you ever been here bef-” 

Phoebe didn’t let her finish. She was already through the locker room door before the clerk could get out the last word. Let’s hurry up and get this over with, Phoebe told herself. Her internal pep -talk did little to ease the pulsating pressure of her bladder, however. Phoebe frantically twisted the key into her temporary locker. She tossed her phone, keys, and wallet in and then yanked her swimsuit out of her bag before tossing that in as well. The co-ed sauna required all attendees to wear a swimsuit under their towels. At least I have some privacy in here, she thought as she pulled off her collared work uniform shirt. Next she unbuckled her belt and unzipped her zipper - both actions granting her another ounce of much-needed relief. Phoebe then peeled off her pants and hucked them into the locker as well. Now just her panties. She sluggishly stepped out of her underwear. Her body’s nudity must have signaled her brain that it was time to go, however. A warm torrent gushed through, crashing against her inner walls, just about to escape before Phoebe’s fists jammed to her privates and she clenched with all her might. Her knees bent, her body buckled. She hunched over and winced, her head tilted towards the floor and her teeth and eyelids both clamped shut. Deep breaths pounded from her lungs until she finally regained full control. With a second of numbness to her advantage, Phoebe hurried and slipped on her bikini bottoms. The mental barrier of clothing, even just the thin fabric of her bikini bottoms, gave Phoebe just enough power to maintain her hold. 

Slamming her locker shut, Phoebe grabbed a body towel and a separate smaller hair towel, wrapping herself in both. She then exited the locker room and hobbled down the hall. I can do this I can do this I can do this, her thoughts repeated. She opened the door, a wall of white steam greeting her. Ugh I can’t see a thing.. she internally complained. She shuffled in the small room and sat down, fingers crossed she wouldn’t accidentally sit on a stranger’s lap. For the first time of the day, luck struck, as her butt hit the unimpeded wooden bench. Still, the transition from standing to sitting sent another wave of painful pressure coursing through her lower abdomen. She crossed her thighs over each other - her legs resembling a twisted pretzel. 

Alright, what’s a socially acceptable length of time to stay in here… Phoebe asked herself. The steam slowly settled to reveal both her environment and her fellow sauna inhabitants. The middle of the room contained a box of scalding rocks from which the steam expelled. Two other men and two other women sprawled out in various seats around the room. An older gentleman, two 30 or 40-something women, and a man who appeared to be around her age - the same guy in front of her in line who asked about the bathroom. She couldn’t help but notice the condensation gliding over his toned arms. Subconsciously, Phoebe straightened her back and squeezed her arms in, pressing against her chest and highlighting her bikini-covered breasts. The two twenty-somethings met eyes - Phoebe maintained eye contact for a second before darting her pupils way, a smirk forming on her lips. However, another sharp pang of desperation interrupted her nonverbal flirtation. Her grin turned into a wince. 

“Anyone opposed to more steam?” the older gentleman asked. When only silence answered him, he leaned forward and grabbed the water pitcher, pouring it over the heated stones. Swaths of water vapor exploded into the room. “Alright, last bout before I call it a day,” he announced. 

Despite the awkwardness of being surrounded by scantily-clad strangers, Phoebe did have to admit to herself that the steaming aura did produce an enticing sensation. If she weren’t on the brink of bursting, she might actually enjoy this. She wanted to give in and relax in the soothing steam, but Phoebe knew letting her guard down would surely result in an accident. She just sat stiff and straight up with her towel wrapped around her hips. She attempted to shift in her seat and change positions, but as she leaned forward, she felt a droplet escape into her bikini bottoms. 

Shit! she internally screamed. Her legs tightened around each other, her fingernails digging into the wooden bench. She warded off any other pee. Still, the drop reminded her of her fragile predicament. She waited a few seconds before trying again - another tiny trickle. Her teeth nearly morphed into each other. She held her breath and focused every bit of brainpower on stamping off the flow. She succeeded, but this success came with the realization that any movement would result in another leak. There was no way she was getting out of here dry - the sweat theory was obviously just a false hope, a shot in the dark. 

Minutes later, the older gentleman groaned and stood up, exiting the sauna. Phoebe checked the timer above the door - five minutes had passed. An idea entered her mind. If she could outlast everyone else in the room, this would give her a change to discreetly relieve herself. Surely the humid environment would mask a pee puddle, at least one small enough to grant her enough relief to drive home? Phoebe knew she didn’t really have any other option at this point. With a deep breath, she held on, praying for patience, hoping to hold on. 

More minutes passed. The timer’s hands sluggishly shifted around the dial. Phoebe felt like a statue, stiff and motionless in the haze. Her toes curled and her eyes remained shut. She slid them open for a moment to see if anyone had left yet. Nope - still three strangers. Her eyes again met the younger guy’s gaze before shutting. Ugh. Please not in front of him, Phoebe mentally begged. 

The click of a door prompted Phoebe’s eyes to open again. She caught a glimpse of one of the other women exiting. This ignited a hopeful spark inside of Phoebe's chest. I CAN do this, two down, two to go. 

Pssssshhhhhhhh. A sizzling hiss. Phoebe panicked, grabbing between her legs to make sure the sound wasn’t from her. She felt moisture - but was relieved to surmise it was simply just sweat. She looked up in time to see the remaining woman sitting back down, a fountain of steam rising from the rocks. Phoebe breathed a sigh of relief, but with the throbbing of her bladder, she knew this was far from over. After the clouds parted, the other woman finally stood up and exited. One to go. So close! 

Phoebe just had to outlast one more person. 1v1. She glanced ahead at her competition. For once, he didn’t return the look. Instead, his face squeezed together with his eyes shut and cheeks contorted. His legs shook, close together despite plenty of room to man-spread. He seemed uncomfortable. Does he also have to… Phoebe gulped. What if he had the same idea as her? A sense of dread flowed through her body, mixing with her dangerous dose of desperation. If what she feared was correct, she sat in the middle of a battlefield amongst a war of attrition. Phoebe breathed and composed herself. She had to win. 

Each second was a year, each minute an eternity. Phoebe had never felt this way before - her body was overcome by a combination of numbness and pain. Her ballooned bladder began to press against her other organs. Its aching throbbing started to escalate to a burden too painful to bear. As a puff of steam temporarily blocked the line of sight between them both, Phoebe quickly slid her hand under her towel. Her fingers inched towards her woman hood, physically holding herself. The action did not provide quite as much help as hoped, but enough for Phoebe to not give up the fight. 

Phoebe closed her eyes and tried to imagine happy thoughts - or any thought to distract her from this pain. However, her brain could only focus on the excruciating aches of her abdomen. Her eyes shuttered open for a split second to see the steaming stones. Gritting her teeth, she couldn’t help but compare the desperate sensation to those same scalding stones jamming into her bladder. Her head began to sway, her mind dizzy. Spots and blotches formed in her peripheral vision. She glimpsed at the timer through blurry vision - 24 minutes had elapsed. How was it only that long? Phoebe could swear she had lived through 24 lifetimes in this sauna. Her fingertips noticed a hot tinge of moisture forming between her legs. Tears started to join the perspiration on her eyelids. Phoebe knew the end was near - she might as well give up. 

Shuffling sounds interrupted her concession, however. She glanced forward - her fellow sauna-mate leaned towards the stones, one hand gripping his crotch,the other tilting the pitcher. Phoebe felt time slow - the water exiting the pitcher falling slower than a glob of honey. In this split-second, Phoebe spawned a sneaky solution to her predicament. She had to act fast. Time returned to normal, gravity pulling the stream of water swiftly down onto the rocks. As soon as the first burst of steam materialized, Phoebe sprung to action. She yanked her towel-hat off her head, wadded it up in her hands, and shoved it between her legs so that it firmly pressed against her goin. She adjusted her hip towel, ensuring it wrapped around her in such a way that it impeded any view of her crotchal region. She returned to her previous position just as a window of steam opened between her and the guy. 

His discomfort did not disappear, nor did he. But Phoebe no longer cared. She didn’t need to win anymore - she rewrote the rules. Taking a deep breath, Phoebe reclined back on the wooden bench, and for the first time since sitting in the sauna, she allowed herself to relax. She finally conceded to her bladder’s demands - the overworked, swollen organ delightfully deflated, expelling a steaming hot stream of urine straight into Phoebe’s bikini bottoms. Her mind felt weightless, her brain floated above her. Pure ecstatic relief now pulsed through her veins, ridding her body of its pollutant of pain. The warm liquid continued gushing forth, soaking into the towel wad. The absorbent cloth accepted its gift, but soon could not handle the excess of fluid. Phoebe didn’t care - she had already lost herself in a state of euphoria. Her skin gained a hyper-sensitive awareness, savoring the tingling sensation of heat and soothing steam. Her pores opened, expelling their own pent-up pressure. All the while, Phoebe’s river continued flowing until the saturated towel could not handle any more. Overflowed pee soaked into her larger hip towel, the last line of defense blocking the pee from the bench. Phoebe could have stopped by now - she had relieved enough pressure. But she didn’t want to stop. She remained relaxed until the last bit of pee drizzled out of her. Even then, she pushed, coaxing out a few more stray spurts. 

When all was finished, Phoebe’s body went limp. She laid down on the wooden bench, heart pounding, lingering waves of pleasure and relaxion flowing beneath her skin. It was then she heard another sizzle. She glanced over to see the guy pour the last of the pitcher into the hot rocks, still holding himself, until a cloud of steam blocked the view. 

Phoebe shut her eyes and turned to lay on her back. She thought about getting up now so the guy could do the same as her, but she wasn’t 100% convinced he was just as desperate as she had just been. Even so, Phoebe wasn’t sure she could even stand up yet. Her body was still exhausted from the aftermath of its fierce battle. Before the current cloud of steam could fizzle, more emerged. Phoebe then noticed a hissing and sizzle - more water hitting the stones. But hadn’t the guy already used the last of the water? Perplexed, Phoebe sat up and stared at the stones. A thick mat of white steam obscured her view, but she could make out the silhouette of the guy standing over the rocks. A wisp of steam withered away, granting Phoebe a clear view of the guy sitting down, his fingers adjusted the waistband of his swim trunks. 

Did he just… Phoebe sat in disbelief. Did this guy just piss on the stones? Phoebe couldn’t judge after what she had just done. Her butt still sat in a puddle of her own making. She thought about possibly asking, but before she could, the timer rang. 

“Well, I guess time’s up,” the guy stated. 

“Oh, um, yeah,” muttered Phoebe. She stood up, then blushed when she saw the evidence of her deed in the form of a thin pool on the wooden bench. 

“You need this?” The guy reached forward and offered his towel. 

“Oh-um, thanks,” Phoebe accepted. Her face flushed hotter than the air. She wiped up her puddle well enough to blend in with her perspiration. As the two walked out into the cool room-temperature air, the guy whispered to Phoebe, “Yeah, let’s not say anything about what we did. I guess we both thought the bathroom would be open, huh?” He smiled before adding, “Name’s Steven by the way.” 

The words confirmed Phoebe’s assumption - this guy did indeed relieve himself on the stones, creating his own pee-steam. And he noticed that Phoebe simply wet herself where she sat. She - a twenty-something college student - wetting herself. Still overcome by nervousness, embarrassment, and disbelief, Phoebe could only utter a feeble squeak, “Um, I’m Phoebe..” 

The guy produced a warm smile. “Well, I’ll see you around!” He then walked towards the men’s locker room. Phoebe went to the women's locker room and changed back into her work clothes, depositing her drenched towel in the designated hamper. 

When Phoebe returned to her car, she just sat in the driver’s seat, staring ahead at nothing. She could still barely register what just happened. Confusing thoughts festered within her head. A buzz from her phone brought her back to reality. 

A message from her friend read: ‘Hey, how was the sauna?’ 

Phoebe thought for a moment before typing her response. ‘It was amazing! Better than expected - quite the experience. I think I’ll do it again :)’ 

Phoebe hit send and stared forward, a smile forming on her lips. She wasn’t lying. 

###

Here is secretomoact's submission: 

Here is my submission for the contest. It uses characters from my ongoing story "Guard", but I think it can easily be read as a standalone. 

*** 

Bryce took Kenneth to see Elizabeth, to learn if she or the other medics could help make it a little easier for him to pee. Kenneth was excited, but also worried. He didn’t like talking about his… Problem. Bryce did all the talking for him, though. He described— a little TOO proudly for Kenneth’s liking— how he’d figured out that all of the issues Kenneth had been struggling with— his shy bladder, his anger, his nightmares— were coming from something being wrong inside of his head. “Because all this bad stuff happened to him when he was a kid, I think it made him sick. But, just in his brain. So, if you give him whatever medicine fixes that, he shouldn’t have these problems anymore, right?” 

Elizabeth didn’t answer at first. She’d already suspected Kenneth’s bladder issue didn’t have a physical cause, and she knew that things like nightmares and anger came from inside the brain— Everyone knew that. Bryce was completely correct in guessing that Kenneth’s problems all came from in his mind, but his assumption that a ‘medicine’ existed to fix it… 

Elizabeth knew that there were certain… facilities where people went when they had a problem inside their brain. They were usually sent there against their will, too. And with good reason. Elizabeth didn’t think anything that was done inside of those places deserved to be called ‘treatment.’ 

When Elizabeth was younger, one of her neighbors had been sent to such a facility by his family. He’d returned eventually, completely changed… But definitely not ‘better’. The next time she saw him, he’d had a scar on his head, and he was a husk of a person, bleary eyed and listless. When she’d asked what had happened, he mumbled vaguely about electric shocks. She never saw that neighbor again. 

“Bryce,” Elizabeth said. “There are… facilities for people with issues inside their brains, but—“ 

“So, I just have to take Kenneth there?” 

“No,” Elizabeth said firmly. “No, no. You definitely shouldn’t. What happens in those places… Kenneth won’t come back from there.” 

“What?” Kenneth asked. “Do they keep people there forever?” 

Elizabeth shook her head. “They… Come back out eventually, just… Okay, at these facilities, the main things they would do to you would be strapping you down and electrocuting you, possibly they will also perform an operation on you that removes a part of your brain.” 

Kenneth went silent. He had no idea how any of that was supposed to work. He was trying to FORGET about being hurt, how would hurting him AGAIN help? 

Bryce stared at Elizabeth, trying to make sense of it as well. When he remembered the mind-wiping thing that occurred in some of the science-fiction books he’d read, he assumed that maybe the real-life equivalent worked out better than the fictional version did. “O—Oh, so they… Take out whatever bits of his brain still remember his Father, and then he’s better?” 

“I’m sure that’s what they’ll SAY they’ll do,” Elizabeth said. “And, they may even BELIEVE that is what they are doing, but… I saw a man come back from that, and I promise he was NOT better at all. His problems hadn’t gone away, they’d gotten even worse.” 

Kenneth slumped in his chair. When Bryce had told him the medics might have had a way to fix him, he’d gotten his hopes up way too high. Now, his hope had been knocked back down hard against the Earth. “S—So I’m just… Stuck, then? I’ll always have this… thing wrong with me?” 

Elizabeth was at a loss. She could bandage wounds and treat broken bones with ease… She had no idea what to do for an aching mind. She couldn’t go inside Kenneth’s head and rub some magical ointment that would chase away all the hurt there. She couldn’t do anything for him, and the only places that CLAIMED to be able to heal his pain would instead just embolden it. 

“I…” Elizabeth frowned. She badly WANTED to help Kenneth, it made her feel pretty broken herself that she didn’t know how. “You do at least have ways you can manage this, don’t you?” 

Kenneth supposed he did, he could get Dwight to help him pee, he could have Dwight hold him after a nightmare, he could punch a wall when he was angry so that nobody got hurt… But, those things didn’t always work, and they certainly didn’t get RID of his problems. ‘Managing his problems’ was not the same thing as ‘getting rid of them forever so he never, ever had to deal with them ever again for as long as he lived’. He sighed and got to his feet, forgetting that Elizabeth was still waiting on him for an answer. 

He should have never let himself believe that a cure actually existed. He should have never let himself think that his troubles would be over if he simply asked the right person. 

“Kenneth, dear?” Elizabeth said. “Are you okay?” 

“It’s… Always going to be this way?” Kenneth asked. “I’m just stuck? I’m always going to lash out, and have nightmares, and never be able to… to just ‘go’?” 

Elizabeth felt so awful. Normally, she could FIX things! Normally, she knew just what to do to solve a problem! 

“Um… Okay. So, the other week, when you accidentally got locked in the cell and couldn’t… ‘go’ for so long. Um… What were you feeling?” 

“Pain,” Kenneth listed. “Agony. Sufferi—“ 

“I— I don’t mean physically, I mean inside,” Elizabeth said. “It really sounds like your issue is heavily tied to your emotions.” 

“It is,” Kenneth nodded. “I’ve known that for a while. It gets worse if I’m stressed or scared. Usually I feel that way because there are people near me, but other times it comes from something else.” 

“That’s what I thought…” Elizabeth said. The problem seemed simple now; Kenneth just couldn’t go when he was stressed. His anger and nightmares both seemed to be tied to nerves as well. And, it made perfect sense that he felt under pressure. His childhood and adolescence had been— to put it very mildly— stressful. And he’d gone straight into training after he came of age, no breaks there. And now, he only got days off very rarely. 

Kenneth had never had the opportunity to truly relax even once in his entire life. He’d spent practically his entire existence in fight-or-flight mode, always looking out for danger. 

The answer to Kenneth’s problems were perfectly clear now; All that he needed was a whole lot of rest and tranquility, and then everything would be fixed. 

Now… How to loosen him up? 

Whenever Elizabeth got a day off, she always went to the same place; the bathhouse. Getting a massage or resting in the sauna for a while always calmed her nerves enough that, upon returning to work, she was always able to keep a cool head. Maybe it would help Kenneth, too? “Kenneth, do you think visiting the bathhouse would help you with your stress?” 

Kenneth thought about it. His last trip there definitely HAD helped him a lot; He’d managed to relieve himself there without Dwight being beside him to soothe him into doing it, and the massage he’d gotten afterwards had made him feel a whole lot better as well. “Yes, I think so,” he said, but he wasn’t sure what Elizabeth intended to do there, and there was one thing he knew WOULDN’T help him relax. “Just… Not in the actual bathing areas. I don’t want to… Not in front of strangers, you know?” 

“That’s fine,” Elizabeth said. “I was thinking we could just get massages, or spend time in the sauna. They will give you a robe to put on in while you’re in there.” 

“Oh, that’s alright then,” Kenneth nodded, although he thought that even a robe would feel a little strange to him. He was so used to only being seen by other people while in his uniform— It was to the point that a lot of people couldn’t even picture him without it. 

“Great,” Elizabeth said. “We can go this weekend; Oh, and make sure you drink plenty of water beforehand. Trust me. If you don’t, the steam will just make you feel very thirsty instead of helping you relax.” 

*** 

Saturday morning, before he left, Kenneth heeded Elizabeth’s warnings and made sure to drink as much water as he could manage. Ordinarily, if he was thirsty and had to swallow down a lot of water prior to going out, he would find himself filled with dread as he thought about how all that liquid would soon be stretching out a bladder that he was unable to empty. But, he’d peed successfully at the bathhouse before, he was confident that if he had an emergency today, the warm, loud spray of one of the showers would work its magic just as it had the last time. 

At the bathhouse, Elizabeth and Kenneth were informed upfront about a minor inconvenience; There was a problem with the septic tank, and the toilets were out of order until it was rectified… This likely explained why there didn’t seem to be many people here today. 

Kenneth wasn’t bothered by the situation, he’d had no intention of relieving his bladder into one of the toilets today anyway. But, then the employee continued, explaining that the restrooms were both in need of a thorough cleaning, so he wouldn’t be able to get to the shower stalls in there, either. 

Elizabeth turned to Kenneth, unsure if they should stay. She thought about asking him, but felt silly about it. She was under no illusion that one quick session in a sauna would calm Kenneth down so much that he’d suddenly be fully capable of urinating into a public toilet. The facilities being out of order wasn’t taking anything away from Kenneth that he hadn’t already lost to start with. 

She directed her gaze back to the employee. “That’s alright,” she said. “We just wanted to spend some time in the sauna. So long as that’s still available, we’re fine.” 

The employee nodded her head, “It is, don’t worry.” She began to lead them down the hallway and directed them into a wood-paneled room lined with dressing hooks that housed thin, white robes. “First, get changed. Take everything off and put on the robes,” the employee said. 

Kenneth finally started to feel a bit of apprehension. He hadn’t thought… Well, he’d assumed that these things would be segregated by gender. He knew the actual bathing rooms all were… He felt weird enough when he had to change his clothes around other men! And what if he accidentally made Elizabeth uncomfortable? 

“Kenneth, it’s alright,” Elizabeth said, stepping inside. “I’ll face the other way, or we can just take turns if that makes you feel better.” 

“O—Okay…” Kenneth nodded, following her. “A—As long as you don’t look…” He faced away from her and, with trembling hands, started to unbutton his uniform. Taking clothes off anywhere other than inside the safety of his room NEVER felt right. He’d needed to do it plenty of times before of course, but it hadn’t gotten any easier. When he got rid of his shirt, kicked off his boots and peeled away his socks, he cringed as he realized what needed to happen next. 

He pulled his pants down quickly and felt more exposed than he ever had in his life, standing in an unfamiliar place wearing nothing but his boxers, and… ‘Oh God, she said EVERYTHING, didn’t she?’ He gripped the waistband of his underpants, trying to force himself to remove them. ‘Elizabeth’s not going to look… And she’s a doctor! She’s seen… People naked before, it probably doesn’t even phase her…’ Squeezing his eyes shut, he yanked his boxers down and stepped out of them, hand immediately going to cover his groin area even though he was facing AWAY from Elizabeth. 

Hurriedly, he grabbed one of the robes and put it on, tying the sash tightly. He still felt like he was naked, raw and exposed, but better than he had a moment before. 

For Elizabeth, getting undressed was nowhere near as troubling. She had struggled with it her first few times coming here, and she’d never gone into the changing room alongside a man until now. Normally, the groups going into the sauna were larger, and so it was easy to divide up into groups of men and women before changing. But, today it was just her and Kenneth… 

She didn’t feel AS unnerved taking her clothes off with him in the room as she’d thought she would. She knew Kenneth was no doubt lost in his own little world of self-conscious, embarrassed panic right now, it wasn’t even crossing his mind to look at her. She wasn’t even sure if her parts were of any interest to him to begin with. 

She put the robe on, and asked Kenneth if he was ready for her to turn around. When he mumbled out a ‘yes’, she did. 

Elizabeth had never seen Kenneth out of uniform. Even when he was injured and staying in the medical building, he insisted on leaving as much of it on as he could; When he’d injured his leg months ago, he’d remained in his uniform, only allowing her to roll up the leg of his pants to attend to his wound. 

She thought she knew why he was so attached to it now; Without it, he looked astoundingly vulnerable. Without his cap, his face looked rounder, his big, shimmering eyes were more pronounced. Without his boots, and the small bit of extra height they provided, he looked tinier than ever. Without the padding in the shirt, his shoulders appeared narrower, his arms even thinner. It was no wonder Kenneth wore his uniform even when he wasn’t required to do so, he NEEDED the sense of authority it afforded him, the way it concealed how small he really was. 

Kenneth was holding onto both sides of the robe, trying to make sure it was covering him up alright. 

“Kenneth… Are you okay? If this is making you too anxious, we can—“ 

“I— I think I’ll feel better once we actually start,” Kenneth said. 

So, that was what they did, they entered the main room of the sauna, more wood finishing, and some places to sit down and rest. Kenneth took his place, and Elizabeth sat a small distance away from him. She wanted to talk to him, to ask him how he was feeling… She’d never noticed how fragile he was before, seeing him out of uniform made Elizabeth want to hold him and promise to never let bad things happen to him. 

Steam was flowing all around them, and Kenneth was already sweating up a storm. He thought Elizabeth was right to tell him to guzzle water before coming here— And that he probably didn’t even have to worry about needing to pee before this was over. He was bound to sweat out all of his water before it even considered flushing into his bladder. What he wasn’t sure of was… Well, how in the world was THIS supposed to be relaxing?! So far, he was just absurdly uncomfortably. He felt vulnerable, naked and like his skin was going to melt off. People did this to calm down and feel GOOD?! 

“Elizabeth…?” Kenneth asked. 

“Yes?” 

“Um… How is this relaxing? It’s… I feel like I’m standing on the sun.” 

Elizabeth laughed, “You have to get used to it… And I think they just put water onto the rocks recently, which makes it steam up more and feel warmer.” She stood. Beside the pit where the rocks were being heated were several large, unopened bottles of water. Mainly, they were for pouring onto the rocks, but they could be consumed as well. She grabbed two of them and returned to the benches. She gave one of the bottles to Kenneth. “If it’s too hot for you right now, you can—“ 

Kenneth had already torn the bottle open and begun to chug it. He hadn’t been so eager for a drink of a water since the horrible dehydration punishments his Father had subjected him to. He drank so fast that he nearly choked, and once the bottle was empty he could feel all that liquid sloshing around inside him. “God… That’s better…” 

Elizabeth smiled. She just seemed to have suddenly developed an innate NEED to take care of Kenneth right now. Those big eyes, his tiny, trembling body… “Want more?” 

“Yes, please…” 

Elizabeth gave him the second bottle, which he finished just as quickly, before remarking that NOW the temperature in the room actually felt nice. 

Elizabeth nodded, deciding she should probably drink some water as well, beginning to drink it down slowly. Elizabeth hadn’t wanted to say anything earlier, but the toilets here being out of order had been a much bigger disappointment to her than she’d let on. She too had consumed an awful lot of liquid before coming here, just as she did every other time. And, every other time, she’d usually visit the restroom BEFORE entering the sauna because a lot of the water would have already made it to her bladder by the time she arrived and she didn’t want to get herself desperate while inside of it. 

There had been a tiny bit of pressure in there when she and Kenneth arrived, but not enough to cause alarm. Now though, that pressure had been steadily increasing for quite a while, and she was already worrying about where she’d be able to release any of it. 

She hadn’t meant to finish the whole water bottle, but dehydration was such a serious concern when visiting a sauna, and she knew better than to NOT listen to her body when it told her it was thirsty in here. So, before long, she’d put at least one more liter of fluid into herself, and her knee had begun to bounce. 

For several minutes, Kenneth came to understand why people found saunas relaxing. His skin felt… Weirdly tingly, but in a good way. Kind of like being lightly tickled with a feather. And, the peace and quiet was good too. He’d had a lot on his mind, and very little time to actually think anything through very much lately. Such as his fears about his and Dwight’s relationship being found out. Dwight had said he didn’t think Bryce would care too much, but could that really be true? Bryce was so big on following rules, on having everything be a certain way… 

But… Sometimes Bryce did break rules, didn’t he? He let Kenneth have the day off the day Dwight had gotten injured and Kenneth was so anxious that he couldn’t work. Bryce wasn’t supposed to let his subordinates skip their duties no matter what was happening. And, there was the time Bryce had simply made up the results for Kenneth’s fitness exam after realizing Kenneth had to pee too badly to complete the exercises properly. Forging something like that was UTTERLY against the rules! 

So, there WERE times when Bryce was okay with a rule being broken, if he thought there was a good reason for it. 

Would he think ‘But, Dwight and I love each other!’ was a good reason to break a rule? 

Maybe he— 

Kenneth’s thoughts were interrupted, as well as the pleasant state of relaxation he’d managed to get himself into, when a harsh thud in his bladder and a sharp tug at his urethral opening brought him back to reality. There was an INTENSE pressure inside his midsection, the sort of thing he usually felt right around the time of his mid-day break, when his afternoon visit to the toilet was a few minutes away and he was bouncing on his heels with eager anticipation for it. 

When the Hell had THAT happened?! He hadn’t even noticed the urge building up, just one second he was calm and lost in his thoughts, the next he was clenching his thighs and telling himself to hold it! 

Where… Where was he going to pee?! He didn’t think he could hold it all the way back to his barrack, not with how bad his need already was! The shower he’d let himself gush into the last time he’d been here wasn’t available! There was that store he, Dwight and Bryce had found recently, with those nice, super private toilet stalls… But that was on the other side of town! A very, VERY long walk for someone carrying an uncomfortably full bladder. 

He didn’t even know how long he was going to be staying here, how long his bladder would CONTINUE filling. By the time he left, there was a decent chance that it would go from ‘uncomfortable’ to ‘agonizing’, and reaching that store would be a test of strength and endurance. 

‘Don’t think about it,’ he told himself. ‘Just don’t think about it. Pretend you don’t need to pee…’ He began to rock subtly from side to side, trying to push the urge rippling through his abdomen out of his mind. 

Elizabeth was having similar thoughts. In the few minutes since she’d first noticed her need beginning to grow, it had skyrocketed to the point she felt like her midsection was stretching out. She wasn’t going to make it all the way back without letting go. Even now, she was wriggling in her seat, fanning her legs in and out rapidly as she did her best not to think about toilets and about how good it would feel to use one. 

If she tried to walk all way back with all this liquid aching to break free, there was a decent chance that she’d… That she’d ‘go’ on herself. With Kenneth right beside her! That was completely unacceptable, she hadn’t had an accident since she was eight. No way would she risk another NOW, especially not with a witness! 

Okay, the toilets here didn’t work. She could find somewhere else in town, couldn’t she? But, that would take a while. Going from place to place, asking if they had a bathroom she could use without paying them anything. If she were on her own, she didn’t think that would be a huge deal, but she’d just watched Kenneth chug a TON of water. He was going to NEED to let that out soon and, as she understood it, he was going to have to get back to his barrack in order to do that. Following Elizabeth around while SHE looked for a working toilet would add to the length of time he’d have to wait, and… And, she just… Kenneth was suddenly devastatingly precious to her, she didn’t want to do anything that made him feel pain. 

She needed some way to go HERE, quickly and easily. She needed… 

In the center of the room was a large drain. 

No, that was so disgusting— 

But, if she went DIRECTLY into the drain, didn’t get any on the ground surrounding it… That wouldn’t be SO bad, would it? 

Elizabeth sighed. Was she really considering this!? She wasn’t THAT desperate, was she? She just needed to think of something else! 

Thinking about something else hadn’t worked out so well for Kenneth. He’d tried imagining the beach, as he often did when anxious, but then he was bombarded by fantasies of running into the ocean and letting go of his bladder once he was nice and concealed. He tried thinking about Dwight, but most of the memories he ran through involved Dwight helping him take amazingly nice pees. 

No matter what he thought about, it always came back to pee. Even looking around the sauna for a distraction only provided him with ideas related to pissing. Like, that drain in the middle of the room. Its whole purpose was to get rid of excess water caused by all the steam. Surely it could handle HIS ‘excess water’ too, right? 

Wait, that was actually a good idea! 

The door to this room could be locked, and there weren’t any windows anywhere. It was private, no one would know if Kenneth relieved himself in here. He’d be extra careful to get it ALL into the drain, and not on the ground— Not that he thought anyone would be able tell the difference between his pee and a puddle of water unless they stuck their nose into it for some reason. 

Yeah. He could pee into the drain, get rid of this awful burden that was making him cross his legs and knead his hands into his robe agitatedly. 

Just… Just as soon as Elizabeth left, of course. No way in Hell could he empty his bladder with HER here. 

Elizabeth hadn’t been able to distract herself. Thinking about work led her to recall how desperate she got whenever she was too busy for a break. As well as all the times she’d helped injured folks relieve their bladders. 

To her surprise, she found herself thinking about Bryce a whole lot. The guy was so silly with his pompous attitude and his insistence on being ‘proper’ around her. Remembering funny things Bryce had said or done in her presence actually worked for a bit, but then she recalled the time he’d been so exhausted and out of his mind with desperation that he’d accidentally peed out an immense, rushing stream before she’d managed to leave him alone in the restroom. This was immediately followed by the memory of the day they’d gotten locked in the supply room together, and how Bryce had made her that nice funnel device so she could aim her stream and pee standing up like a man could. 

She’d actually used it quite a few more times since then. It had helped her out at work, providing her a much faster way to relieve herself when she was really busy. Sometimes when she went into town, she’d need to pee and discover that the nearest public toilet was absolutely revolting and not something she would ever want to make physical contact with. Before, such a situation would necessitate her finding somewhere else to pee, but now that she could just stand, it wasn’t a problem at all. She still sat down to go most of the time, but the device was always inside her pocket, just in case she needed it. 

She wished she HADN’T left it in her pocket today, because now it was sitting on the hook in the changing room. If she’d brought it in here with her, she’d have a much easier time aiming the entirety of her stream down the drain… 

Jeez, she was REALLY considering that, wasn’t she? 

With a wriggle in her hips and a harsh thrumming pulse from within, she realized that peeing in the drain really was her best option here. No way was she going to make it the long walk back, and the last thing she wanted to do was have an accident in front of Kenneth. 

Not that ‘squatting down and peeing into a drain in front of Kenneth’ was something she particularly wanted to do, either. 

He was probably almost done in here, anyway. When Kenneth got up to leave, she’d tell him she just wanted to stay a few minutes longer, and then she could go. 

Easy. 

Except, it wasn’t. Kenneth had begun to fidget and grow restless, a sign that he had become bored of this activity, yet he still was making no move to leave. Elizabeth watched as he tapped his feet, turned about in his seat from side to side and tipped his head back, but he never stood up. 

All the while, Elizabeth’s bladder continued to fill up. She seemed to be losing fluid through her pores just as quickly as it was being dumped into her bladder. The worst part was that her nonstop sweating was making her thirsty again. She fought it for as long as she could, her bladder throbbing and protesting that she absolutely SHOULDN’T drink any more water until she’d dealt with what she’d already finished, but soon enough the sand-paper feeling in her throat became too much. She knew how dangerous dehydration was, and she knew how easy it was to get that way in an environment like this. 

She stood, her bladder immediately cramping in on itself at the change in position. She’d been desperate plenty of times in her life, and for whatever reason it always seemed to be worse while standing up. Probably because when she was seated, she could grind herself against whatever she was resting on. When she stood up, all she could do was clench her thighs and try not to draw her legs too far apart from one another with each step. 

Even with tiny paces across the room to where the water was placed, Elizabeth’s bladder shrieked every time it was bounced. Her urethra was burning, felt like a sharp object was being twisted around inside of it. When she reached the water, she grabbed two bottles and made her way back to her seat. She handed one of the waters to Kenneth, then opened her own. 

Cringing at what she was about to do, she started to pour the liquid down her throat. Most of her body rewarded her as the dry, tight feeling in her tongue faded away. But, her bladder punished her, pulsing in time with each swallow and prompting her to bounce up and down a little where she sat. She had studied how the body worked extensively, she knew full well that there was no way the water could have gone from her mouth to her bladder in a matter of seconds, but it sure FELT like it was! 

Kenneth eyed the water bottle Elizabeth had given him. It was huge! He couldn’t believe he’d already had two of these things so far! It was no wonder he’d already reached a level of need that was requiring him to cross his legs extra tightly. His opening stung, every few seconds he’d be hit with a harsh pressure right at his tip, and his thighs would tense up more in a futile attempt to quell it. No matter how hard he tried, his vision was always drawn back to the drain in the floor. It no longer looked like a drain to him, it looked like a toilet. A perfectly good toilet that he was just DYING to use! 

His hopes had risen up when Elizabeth had stood, he’d thought for sure that she was about to leave. Instead, though, she’d just gone and gotten more water— Indicating that she intended to be in here for quite a while longer— AND she’d brought him some too. 

And, of course, Kenneth felt thirsty. Nerve-wrackingly thirsty. He knew he was losing fluid rapidly from all his sweating— And it honestly made him kind of angry that his nonstop perspiring didn’t seem to be diverting much fluid away from his bladder— He knew he needed to drink something or else he was going to end up in a bad spot. 

Kenneth opened the bottle and started to drink. He tried to pace himself a bit more than he’d done with the first two, but before he knew it he’d swallowed every last drop of it; All of it now flowing through his body. As he continually adjusted his position in a desperate attempt to find one that didn’t make it feel like his pee was about to be pumped right out of him, he could hear the way the water sloshed around inside of him. He could feel it, too. So much liquid… So much that he needed to release, and so much that was about to be added to it! 

‘Don’t think about it,’ Kenneth begged himself. ‘Don’t think about it. Don’t think about it. Don’t think about it…’ His eyes kept darting over to the drain, and he found himself daydreaming about how great it was going to feel to USE it. One advantage of only wearing a robe instead of his complicated uniform was that he wouldn’t have any buttons or zippers to fumble apart before relieving himself. He’d only need to loosen the belt a bit, part the material slightly, and he’d be good to go in just a second or two. 

Or, he would be if Elizabeth would just leave and give him some privacy! 

Kenneth knew he shouldn’t feel frustrated with Elizabeth, but he did anyway. He hated himself for the uncontrollable feelings of irritation. Elizabeth didn’t know that he needed to pee, nor did she know he was intending to do it into the drain, so there was no way she was keeping him from his relief on purpose. She just didn’t realize how much he needed for her to leave! 

But… God did he need her to! A particularly sharp pang from within, followed by a twitching, warm spasm down his length, made him reach to grab himself. He discovered another good thing about the robe, as he was able to get a very tight grip on his dick right away. In his uniform, he sometimes struggled to clutch himself as firmly as he needed to through all the stiff layers. Now though, he held himself, thumb and index finger squeezing his opening closed tightly. He shut his eyes, blocking out the taunting sight of the drain, and tried to focus all his energy on clamping himself shut, on how much better he felt now that his hand was giving his bladder some support. 

Elizabeth was going red in the face and gnashing her teeth together. Her need for relief seemed to have doubled since she’d forced herself to drink that bottle of water. Despite all of her knowledge and common sense telling her it wasn’t possible, it genuinely felt like every drop of that water had materialized inside her bladder the minute she’d swallowed it. She clenched her thigh muscles with all her might, and many times had to stop herself as her hands ached to press between her legs. 

She knew this was getting dangerous. Not only was she starting to fear she may have an accident, she also knew how terribly unhealthy it was to hold back immense quantities of urine for as long as she had. She just wished Kenneth would leave! He was still fidgeting, and wiping sweat off his brow every few seconds. Clearly he was getting bored of this, and the heat had ceased to be pleasant to him. She couldn’t understand why he was still in here! 

Elizabeth also realized that there WAS an easy solution to her predicament; She could simply ASK Kenneth to step out for a minute. She didn’t even have to say that it was because she wanted to pee in the drain. She could claim she liked the way it felt to use a sauna naked and she didn’t want to make him uncomfortable. She could say she’d forgotten something important in the dressing room and ask him to get it for her. 

But, the first felt just as awkward to say out loud as “I need to pee NOW and have no choice but to go in the drain!” did. And as for the second, she had no way to guarantee Kenneth wouldn’t come back into the sauna before she’d finished relieving herself. 

No. If she ended up having to tell Kenneth to get out, she was going to have to tell him the real reason. She winced, uncrossing her legs to hastily cross them back in the other direction, hoping they would act as a dam between the roaring flood within her bladder and the hole that it was trying like mad to pour out of. 

She wanted to tell him. She really did! Normally, Elizabeth didn’t have that much trouble saying she had to take a bathroom break— Even to a man— Everyone peed, it was just a fact of life. No reason to get worked up over it. But, this felt different. The only reason it felt different was the fact she was planning to let her bladder’s contents flow into an inappropriate spot. She didn’t mind planting the idea of her peeing in a toilet into people’s brains, but causing someone to picture her doing it down a drain in the floor? That DID make the hairs on her arms raise up a bit. 

She tried to tell herself that it STILL wasn’t such a big deal. Kenneth was with Dwight practically every moment of his life, and Elizabeth knew Dwight peed in odd places all of the time if a toilet wasn’t available. She’d heard about, or seen, Dwight relieving himself into vases or barrels lots of times. And Kenneth always seemed to just accept it as a thing Dwight did sometimes. 

So, Kenneth didn’t MIND if someone peed in a weird spot, he wouldn’t complain about it. All Elizabeth had to do was tell him to go outside for a few minutes, and then nothing would be standing between her and an empty bladder, aside from needing to get the robe out of the way of her stream. 

But, as hard as she tried, she just could not manage to draw the words out of her lips. 

Kenneth was cursing himself for finishing that water. He was sure his bladder must have been swollen by now, full enough to cause a firm, round protrusion in his lower body. He didn’t part the robe to check, though. His hands were both too busy for that, one of them pinning his aching length against his thigh, and the other trying to dab away at the sweat that was running down his face in sheets. 

The heat wasn’t relaxing at all anymore, it was only adding to his stress as it tried to convince him that he needed MORE water, even when so much of it was already slamming itself against his opening. His bladder throbbed more and more violently with each passing second. It was beginning to seriously hurt, pee was boiling and bubbling inside of him, he swore he could feel it swishing about each time he adjusted himself in his seat. It ground down against his taut sphincters so much that— 

A horrendously intense spasm slammed into him, one of the worst he’d felt so far today. His breaths came in short, choppy inhales. He was trembling with the strain of holding back three enormous bottles of water, along with everything he’d had to drink that morning. He thought back to the pee he’d had moments before leaving his room, that relief seemed to have taken place years ago. So long that he could barely remember what it felt like to be empty… 

He had to do something. This was an emergency, his hand squeezing away at his dick wasn’t helping as much anymore! Elizabeth needed to leave soon, or Kenneth could seriously end up hurting himself! 

He had to… He had to just ask her! He had to tell her to leave… But, she’d want to know why. He would never tell her the real reason. Never ever! Not in a million years! He tried to come up with a different explanation, but his brain refused to supply him with one. All he could think about was how far beyond full his bladder felt. After so much liquid, the sensation of heaviness and pulsing that encompassed his lower half had reached a level of terrible urgency. 

He tried and tried to think clearly, to come up with something that would make Elizabeth leave and grant him the privacy he was dying for, but nothing came to him. But, he had to get her to depart somehow. He had no choice. He’d drank SO much that he’d filled up to his brim alarmingly fast. His mind refused to focus on anything other than the pounding, consistently flaring organ in his center that felt with each passing second like it was about to rip itself apart. 

He rocked back and forth in his seat, leaning himself against the pressure of his hand. He could feel his urethra throbbing and quivering from the immense strain it was under, so much pee rushing against it in harsh, awful waves. Against his will, a tiny whimpering squeak creaked past his clenched teeth. 

Elizabeth heard the noise and looked over to Kenneth, squeezing her thighs even more tightly. The flaring pressure within her ratcheted up tremendously as she turned her body just the slightest bit. Suddenly, she felt even more swollen and close to the point of actually exploding than she had just a second ago. She brought one foot up onto the seat with her and leaned her body against it. She wanted to cup herself with her hands, but for now she hoped her foot would do well enough against the tide. 

She forced herself to speak. It wasn’t easy. Her trembling jaw was clenched, her tongue stiff, and she barely managed to force out the words. “Are you okay, Kenneth?” She could hardly believe she had to go as badly as she did— It couldn’t have been more than an hour or two since she’d peed before leaving for town. Despite her efforts not to, a hand went to her crotch, and then she could feel how firm her bladder region had become. The organ was rock solid now, thrashing with rage at being made to stretch itself so far beyond a reasonable limit. 

At length, Kenneth made himself turn to face Elizabeth, he could practically feel the way his urine sloshed with even that tiny motion. His pee-hole burned and stung in an utterly horrid way for a second, and then the tiniest dribble of liquid seeped through it. He bore down hard on his muscles, pink in the face and shaking with the shame of that microscopic loss of control. He had to hold it. He had to hold it. He had to. There were no other options. Keep it in. Keep it in. Keep it in. “Huh?” he asked. 

“A—Are you okay?” Elizabeth managed, her gaze bouncing off Kenneth in order to stare back at the drain. Dear God, the thought of peeing into it… Or, for that matter, peeing ANYWHERE at all… It was doing something weird to her mind and body, making it feel as though it was a miracle she hadn’t just burst right there on the bench. 

Kenneth turned the question over in his brain, his thoughts were so sluggish it was as though he was trying to understand something that had been said in a foreign language. He wasn’t okay, of course. He was pretty far from it. And probably the only reason Elizabeth couldn’t figure out the issue yet was because the robe concealed the current placement of his hand so well. 

“I— I—“ Kenneth floundered. ‘I need to pee SO bad, Elizabeth! Please leave for a minute so I can go in the drain, please?! I know it’s gross, but there’s nowhere else and I’m going to burst!’ He wanted to say that! He wanted to SCREAM that! His bladder was BEGGING him to! “I’m… I’m fine…” he said instead, his denial prompting his bladder into a frenzy as it swelled even further and pinched against his opening with sick violence. ‘I need to go so bad…’ 

Elizabeth kept looking at him, he was red-faced and drenched in sweat. Overheating was something to watch out for, and… He probably needed more water… So Elizabeth was going to have to STAND UP and WALK to get it. Could she even DO that now? She didn’t think so. Unless it was walking to a spot where she could pee, she wasn’t going to risk moving around so much. “Kenneth, dear… I think you are getting too warm. You either need to drink some more, or…” she trembled, not daring to hope. “Or you can step out for a few minutes…” 

Kenneth could NOT step out for a few minutes! He had to PEE before he left! He couldn’t make it to another place! He’d burst! What was the other option…? Drinking more water. No. Please. He was… He was a little thirsty, but was it dangerous, or— Ohhhh, he could barely even keep a single thought inside his head! All he understood anymore was that he had to GO right the Hell now! “I’ll… I’ll drink some…” Kenneth struggled, hating himself for agreeing to it. But, now that he’d noticed his thirst, it was making him nervous. 

He dragged himself to his feet, but was unable to bring himself fully upright. His bladder, dismayed at his current decisions, flew into a fit of wild convulsions, so painful and urgent that he was unable to stop his second hand from clutching his cock. He bit back a moan, not daring to begin walking for several seconds. He just stood in place, his legs going numb from tension and his hands squeezing for all they were worth. ‘Need to… Please… It’s so bad!’ Finally, the throbbing wore off a tiny bit, enough for him to move to the other end of the room. 

Elizabeth watched him clumsily make his way to the water bottles on his unsteady feet, and thought that she had likely guessed what Kenneth’s issue was correctly; He was overheated and getting dehydrated again. It had happened pretty quickly after his last drink, but she’d seen Kenneth guzzle tons of water lots of times, maybe he just dried out faster than most people did. 

It was disappointing that he’d decided to just drink some fluid rather than leave the room to cool off, though. As she stared at Kenneth stumbling his way back to the bench, her bladder felt so heavy that she thought it may drag her right down through the bench, through the floor, all the way down to the center of the Earth. She rocked back and forth against her foot, occasionally palming her crotch. One of the times she did that, she felt fresh warmth and dampness, yet she hadn’t even felt the leak as it had exited her body; She was so full that it hadn’t registered past the pain. Her bladder trembled, her eyes watered, she couldn’t remember EVER needing to pee this badly. 

When Kenneth collapsed back onto the bench, Elizabeth again asked him in a trembling voice if he was sure he still felt okay in here. “G—Getting t—too hot isn’t good for you, dear…” she croaked out. 

Kenneth barely felt the heat anymore. He couldn’t feel much of anything beyond the clawing, horrid fullness in his middle. ‘I’m not too hot, I just need to GO!’ his mind screamed. ‘PLEASE, I can’t wait!’ He crossed his legs back and forth, shaking and shuddering and trembling from head to toe. 

‘He’s having convulsions!’ Elizabeth thought, panicked. ‘He’s really dehydrated, he’s seriously overheating…’ Trying to treat a sick person when her bladder was throbbing away tyrannically wasn’t ideal, but Kenneth needed her now. She moved her hand away from her groin, being punished for the hasty action when she felt a jet of pee immediately being pumped out of her body. She took the water bottle from Kenneth and opened it up for him, “Sweetie, here… You need to drink, you’re too—“ 

“I can’t hold it…” Kenneth whimpered quietly. So quietly that Elizabeth didn’t hear him. 

“Hm?” 

He fought to repeat himself, dying from shame and by the time he managed to squeak out “I need to… I have to relieve myself,” he was in tears. 

“O—Oh…” Elizabeth said, setting the bottle down now and returning her hand to its place between her legs. She crossed her legs and bounced in her place. “S—So do I,” she admitted. Her bladder throbbed its agreement, feeling as though the rock it was made out of was beginning to break apart. “I—“ her voice faltered. “I was gonna— In the drain in the floor, but—“ 

“So was I!” Kenneth said, feeling another sharp rush of heat down his length, followed by a single drop of pee escaping its prison. “B—But… You’re here! And I—“ He was interrupted by a harsh thudding inside his bladder that prompted him to double over. “Ohhhh, God… I can’t— You’re here, and I—“ 

“W—We can take turns!” Elizabeth said, heat bloomed between her legs and she adjusted the robe so she was no longer sitting on top of it and wetting it. It felt pretty damp already, but she’d saved it from any further soiling. “You can go first, and—“ 

“I can’t—“ Kenneth moaned, sweat gushing down his forehead as he fought for breath. 

“The door locks, there aren’t windows, you—“ 

“That’s— I DO think I can go here, but—“ Kenneth’s hands wrenched themselves more tightly around his cock. “When— I can’t if I know someone is waiting on me to finish,” he tried to explain. Knowing another person had to go and was likely getting impatient with how long it took for him to get things flowing was way too much pressure! It always ensured that he wouldn’t pee at all! 

“Oh,” Elizabeth said, a wave of pent up pee gushed onto the bench below her, dribbling against the surface before she could clamp it off. “You want me to go first, then?” 

“Yessssss,” Kenneth hissed, pained. “But, hurry?” He shot to his feet, then stumbled back as his holding muscles struggled to adjust to all the movement. “Hurry,” he repeated as he took minuscule, doubled-over steps towards the door. He wrestled it open, jumping in place and making tiny choked, sobbing sounds the whole time. He was so humiliated! Elizabeth was the last one of his friends to have never seen him quite this bad off before, and now she had! 

Now that Kenneth was in the changing room, Elizabeth had half a mind to ask him to dig through her pocket for her stand-to-pee device and toss it in here to her, but she decided against telling him that she had such a thing. That was something between her and Bryce, their own little secret of that unusual day they’d spent together. 

There wasn’t time for her to get the device, anyway. When she stood from the bench, another warm splash pushed its way out of her and spattered onto the floor. She dragged herself the short distance to the drain, pulled the robe up a bit, and was letting out a major gusher of a stream before she’d even squatted down all the way. She didn’t look, but she knew just from the noise that she’d been missing the drain. 

Once she was lowered further, she heard her pee being sucked away by the drain and figured she was mostly hitting the correct target now. After that realization came a second one; It was over. She could just… GO now. At last, Elizabeth relaxed herself fully, urine spraying out of her in uncontainable, hissing waves. She began to pant rapidly, eyes fluttering and losing focus. She moaned, and remembered that Kenneth was currently on the other side of the door, absolutely DYING to do what she was doing now. 

Feeling bad for him, Elizabeth pushed down harder and her stream picked up its speed, the hiss reaching an almost ear-shattering volume as bucket after bucket of urine was forcibly ejected from her body. 

Nearly a full minute later, Elizabeth was emptied. She stood quickly, and tried to ignore the jelly-like feeling in her legs so she could hurry to the door. She didn’t have time to collect herself at the end of her agonizing ordeal, Kenneth needed to be granted his own release as soon as possible. 

She opened the door to find Kenneth doubled over in a pained curtsey, his feet in constant motion and his hands clutching at his front so tightly his knuckles were turning white. 

Elizabeth’s heart clenched in the strangest way at the sight. Kenneth already looked so vulnerable, so in need of protection, without his uniform on. Seeing him writhe and squirm and tear up to such an extreme degree with it off made the effect even stronger. 

She didn’t have much time to look at the poor man’s urgent dancing as he pushed right past her, eager to put an end to his suffering. 

Kenneth fumbled the lock on the door into place and ran to the drain. Each time his foot hit the ground, it was like a mallet to his bladder, drawing out tiny dribbles. But he didn’t care. He needed to let it out NOW! 

As he’d predicted, the robe made it very easy for him to free his dick, in under a second he had it aimed at the drain, so close to letting it all flow… 

But, as ever, it wasn’t that simple for him. 

This was, of course, not the proper place for urination to take place in. Reminding himself that Elizabeth had already peed here did not make him feel any more comfortable about doing it himself. His muscles grew more taut, rather than loosening themselves up like they were meant to. 

Kenneth groaned loudly, “Come oooon!” he begged his body. “Please? I need to!” 

His body didn’t listen. 

Kenneth sighed. The whole point of this thing was supposed to have been to help him relax! But, clearly, it hadn’t. He still couldn’t pee! And the majority of his time here hadn’t even been that relaxing BECAUSE he’d spent it all needing to pee really bad! 

He’d… He’d felt calm for a bit there though, hadn’t he? 

Yes. When he’d been thinking about how Bryce might not ACTUALLY be that angry about him and Dwight being… Whatever they were. Kenneth hoped his assumptions were correct, that Bryce REALLY wouldn’t mind. Maybe Bryce would even… Protect them from other people finding out somehow. That would be nice. Then, he and Dwight could do those… those fun things more often. 

Those fun things usually got Kenneth good and relaxed. He always felt so light and comfy afterwards, so tired and soothed… When Dwight made him feel good, when Dwight placed his mouth onto Kenneth’s body… All of his problems seemed to fade away, and— 

Hsssssssssss….. 

An incredibly clear stream began to rapidly flow out of Kenneth’s tip, hitting the drain and tearing a moan from his lips. “Ahhhhhhh….” tingles jolted up and down his entire body, making his spine shudder and his cock twitch. He could feel his bladder slowly deflating, gently shrinking back down to its proper size. He felt like he was floating, like he wasn’t inside a sauna and doing something very improper. Like he wasn’t really anywhere at all. Just, in a void somewhere that was filled with nothing but pleasure and amazingly wonderful feelings. 

Kenneth’s entire body shuddered and shook as more and more pee flooded down the drain. He’d had so much to drink in here that his urine was totally clear, like he was just pissing out pure water. He kept moaning, kept gushing, his knees went weak and wobbly. By the time he was done, almost two minutes later, he could barely believe how much better everything felt. 

So much better…. So much better… Ahhh… Fuck… He was in Heaven, he felt so good, so empty, so light, so… Barely aware of what he was doing, he’d begun to stroke his dick rather than tucking it back away and re-tightening the belt of the robe. Tingles of pleasure flared up and down his length, all of the nerve endings there were so raw, so much more sensitive than they normally were after being put through all that strain and all that relief… 

“Hnnnh…” Kenneth panted, bleary eyed. He imagined Dwight pumping him like this, telling him how well he’d done, admitting out-loud to Elizabeth that he was going to explode and then managing to release it all here even though it had made him nervous… ‘You have earned this, Kenneth,’ he pictured Dwight saying. 

Kenneth was so over-stimulated, so overcome by the wonderful feelings he’d been bathing in for the past several minutes, that before he knew it was cumming, twitching and moaning as the ecstasy pulsed through him and out of him. He just stayed there, breathing heavily for a few seconds, and then— 

‘WHAT IN GOD’S NAME DID I JUST DO?!’ 

His eyes flashed open, and he was relieved that the majority of his semen had ended up in the drain rather than spattering the floor, but… He’d just… He’d… In a public place— Alone and with the door locked, but still! 

And— And he’d done it because— 

He hadn’t been thinking— 

And— 

It had just felt so good to finally go, he just— 

No. His… His relief… It had not… It hadn’t made him do that… Thinking about that stuff with Dwight when he was calming himself down that had done it, that was it. Being pee-shy, hurting himself over and over again, the mental pain, the shame… None of those things were good. Well. Okay, maybe the ‘relief’ part pretty much always was, but that was it. Just a silver lining to an otherwise horrible condition that wrecked his life on a daily basis. 

This was just… He’d gotten himself all worked up thinking about Dwight like that, gotten himself overly sensitive from pushing his muscles to the limit, and his body had just… Reacted. It was normal. It was natural. He… 

He’d been ignoring this for a long time, but he’d come to notice that the feelings he got when he climaxed with Dwight in bed, or while stroking himself, were… An awful lot like the ones he got when he finally peed after holding it for extreme lengths of time. His body would feel like it was floating, every last nerve ending he had would be consumed by bliss… But, with peeing, that feeling usually lasted over two minutes, much longer than any orgasm he’d ever had. 

This was gross. He shouldn’t have been comparing those two feelings. Of course peeing when he had to do so very badly felt good. It was supposed to feel good. But, was it really supposed to feel THAT good? He didn’t think so… Then again, he held in more than anyone else he knew. He’d never once seen another person just… Spray for two minutes non-stop like he did regularly. Letting go of that much would probably feel just as orgasmic to someone else if they ever did it, it didn’t mean there was anything NEW wrong with Kenneth. It was just the same old thing; His body made him hold way too much pee for way too long. 

He’d gotten carried away from his imagination and extreme levels of relief today. That was all. It didn’t mean that there was suddenly an aspect to his problem that he enjoyed way, WAY too much. Peeing was not supposed to feel like cumming. For a normal person, a person without Kenneth’s awful condition, the two things weren’t comparable. 

He retied the robe and left the sauna. Elizabeth was no longer in the changing room, which was good. Kenneth needed more time to calm himself down before he allowed someone else to see him. He got dressed quickly, and hoped his face wasn’t too red as he went out into the hallway. 

Elizabeth was waiting for him right there. She leaned into him, “Do you feel better now?” she whispered. 

Kenneth nodded, almost imperceptibly. His bladder felt better, that was for sure. But, inside he felt all sorts of mixed up. His body regularly forced him to hold his pee for so long that releasing it felt like an extremely long orgasm. And while he certainly wasn’t going to bemoan a two minute long orgasm, it sort of just… It freaked him out. It was surely not normal. Probably not very healthy, either. 

*001*2022-06-08 04:37

Here is WaityKaty's submission, titled: The Water Cure 

This story is set in upstate New York in the late 19th century. ‘Water Cure’ in context refers to the wildly popular practice of hydrotherapy as alternative medicine capable of curing just about anything. Absolutely not the ironic latter usage describing torture. All characters are women, there is sex involved. 

Amy crossed her legs tightly as she sat herself down on the smooth marble bench. Why didn’t she just ask the attendant to show her where she could relieve herself? Surely that’s what everyone else would do? Maybe one of the other women in the Turkish bath would know? Probably. Half a dozen ladies of various ages sat sporadicly around the steamy room. She could see small vents in the floor from which the warm, wet air rose lazily. 

But Amy knew she wouldn’t ask. She would just need to hold it. But for how much longer? She got the impression that the Water Cure still contained other dubious ‘pleasures’. The glasses of chilled water full of lemon and exotic herbs to ‘relax her inhibitions’ that she’d drank on arrival were still working their way through her and she was starting to worry that she wouldn’t be able to contain herself. What would she do if she wet herself? Probably never leave her house again. Which would be entirely the opposite outcome to that the Water Cure had been promised to achieve. Amy had always been shy, and preferred her own company. She didn’t see how anything was different now that her daughter had been born. But her husband claims to worry, and her mother-in-law suggested the Water Cure would heal her ‘unsociability’. So here she was. Getting cured. The herbs, at least, had done nothing. Or she’d already have asked for the lavatory. 

Amy tried to minimise her squirming, despite her bursting bladder. It was unladylike to show such a need. Of course it was even more unladylike to wet one’s dress, or even the rough towel-like gowns the attendants had the women wear between treatments. Amy suspected she was meant to have taken off the gown in the Turkish bath. Given the warm humid air more access to her skin. While a couple of the other women still held their gowns wrapped around themselves like Amy a few had removed them and were sitting naked. One was covering her breasts and between her legs with her arms and hands and looked as if she would prefer not to be so exposed. But a couple of others were comfortably casual in their nudity and hid nothing from display. Amy had never seen anything like it and her curiosity to continue to examine the ladies surprised her. She tried not to stare but couldn’t resist taking long glances whenever she felt she had to. The lady directly opposite her on the other side of the room was one of those who remained wrapped in her gown and had apparently fallen asleep, as Amy could hear her snoring prettily. 

It wasn’t long before the woman who had seemed uncomfortable with nakedness, but embraced it anyway, stood up, pulled her gown back on, and blushingly left the room. Over the next few minutes she was joined by several others who had had enough of the steam and an idea occurred to Amy. “If everyone leaves, even briefly, and I’m alone in the bath, I could relieve myself right here.” 

It was a wild idea! Amy had never before done such a thing. A lady held her bladder until she reached the appropriate facility. And if she couldn’t, shamefully, well then, she would relieve herself in her clothes. Despite Amy’s shyness leading to quite a bit of unnecessary desperation she’d not reached the point of having an actual accident since childhood. Though she had to admit that she’d always been rather fascinated by the idea of other ladies getting themselves into such a state. Where did that thought come from? It was true, now she thought it. But it was a new realisation. Perhaps the water cure did work in some ways? 

Her companions in the bath continued to trickle out. Regrettably the beautiful naked ladies among them. Amy was properly in need of relief now, the urgency between her legs growing quickly, unbearably, her idea of going on the floor of the bath was her only chance to avoid wetting her gown, she’d left it too late to find her way to a restroom. Even if she could make herself ask for directions. The woman opposite her shifted a little in her sleep. Napping while sitting on marble will do that, Amy supposed. Though wouldn’t it be interesting if she needed relief as well? Amy had heard stories of young women who had had accidents sometimes. Though she’d never seen it actually happen. Wouldn’t it be absolutely fascinating if this beautiful young thing ten feet away wet herself in her sleep while Amy watched? What was that thought!? Did she really want to see that? She did! The phantasy was thrilling her, and it kept her mind away from her own mounting desperation. she just had to hold out till two more women left the room. She could pee while her sleeping princess slept…

Clara hadn’t felt any urge to pee when she’d first been led to the Turkish bath. Though she didn’t know where the facilities were either, had Amy asked, even though she’d drunk the same mandatory lemon, herbs, and ice water. Each time the attendants had submerged her in water, hot or cold, Clara had more or less immediately lost any control of her bladder and urinated helplessly. The first time she was quite embarrassed, as she always was whenever she wet herself, but as the water hid all evidence of her indiscretions she found herself not blushing at all either the second or third time it happened. 

“It’s it funny!” She thought to herself, “that it isn’t the loss of bladder control that is so shameful, but simply that anyone might know?” 

That was actually why she was visiting the Water Cure, her husband had found her occasional lapses in continence since she’d carried his son to be so vexing that she’d been banished to the guest bedroom “until she found control over herself”. That Clara wasn’t having accidents on purpose seemed of little consequence to Robert. She was exiled until she could be certain that she wouldn’t sully their marital bed either in her sleep, in a brief frantic wakefulness, or during her marital expectations. 

Sitting amid the gentle steam, Clara had felt herself starting to drift away. She’d been so tired for months. Little Harold was so demanding and even at night she dared not let herself sleep too deeply for fear of not awakening to his cries, or to the demands of her temperamental bladder. She didn’t know how long she napped, sitting upright on a marble bench, the door latching shut as someone departed must have roused her. Instantly she felt a sudden stab of urgency in her lap. Instinctively, as if she were in her bed and not in public, her hand shot between her legs. To her horror a beautiful young women sitting on the opposite bench, her only companion in the room now, was looking directly at her. She whipped her hand away from her complaining shell and blushed desperately. 

What was she to do? From experience Clara knew she would never make it the facility lavatories, even if she already knew where they were. She’d taken to having a chamber pot next to her bed, and she could often make it that far with dry nightclothes if she managed to wake in time, but could never reach another room with dry legs. 

So she was to have an accident then? In front of one of the fairest girls she could recall seeing? Who was still looking at her, curiously. Clara wished she hadn’t awoken and it had happened in her sleep. That was somehow always better. She hoped the beautiful girl would be kind. In her experience beauty and kindness seldom correlated. 

The least she could do was warn her, so she could avert her gaze, or leave quickly in disgust. “I’m dreadfully sorry,” Clara began. She could feel her bottom growing hot and wet as she spoke. She continued quickly “But I’ve lost control of my bladder.” 

Surprisingly the young woman didn’t look away at all. Clara could see her shock, but she was interested. Clara watched her watch the unfolding accident. Her pee saturated the seat of her gown and trickled down her bare legs, pooling around her feet and slowly finding its way to a drain in the centre of the floor. 

”I’m so sorry!” Clara offered. “I must have slept too deeply. Please don’t think too dreadfully of me.” 

”No! I’d never!” Amy met her eyes now. Clara’s accident had been exactly as she had imagined. Her imagination hadn’t caused it had it? No. That’s crazy. Her own bladder surged recklessly. If she was going to keep her own gown dry she needed to go on the floor now. Right now. 

She held it instead. Telling herself she couldn’t do that in front of Clara, faithlessly, “Actually… I’m in the same position. I can’t wait another minute.” 

”Oh no!” Clara stood up, the wet fabric clung to her bum and the back of her thighs. She took the three steps between their benches and held out her hand to the squirming woman. 

“Are you sure you can’t make it? I would walk with you?” Clara whispered soothingly. 

”I… no… it’s too late. I waited too long. If I stand up it’s all going to come flooding out…” Amy bit her lip tearfully. 

”That’s alright. Don’t cry!” Clara sat down next to Amy and lay her hand on Amy’s leg, gently stoking through the material of the rough gown. “I wet myself sometimes… you just saw me do it. Oh, please don’t be upset.” 

Amy welcomed the soft touch and soothing words from her companion, somehow, even through fabric, her hand on her thigh was sending sparks of excitement through her. Nearly as many as watching Clara pee in her clothes. Even though she’d chosen the inevitably, actually wetting would ruin the moment, the girl would leave. 

“How does it feel?” Amy whispered, “When it… happens.” 

”Oh. Well. It’s very wet. And very warm. And… relieving.” Clara lay Amy’s head against her shoulder. “I promise love, you’ll feel so much better.” 

“Does it feel like…” Amy blushed prettily, “like touching… down there… feels.” She couldn’t believe she could be so forward. But with another women it was permitted, surely. 

”A little, sometimes.” Clara admitted, as much to herself as Amy. Perhaps if Robert looked at her when it happened the way Amy did… “Is that what it feels like for you now?” 

”Very much…” Amy could barely stand the tension. Between her legs. Between this woman. She didn’t think. 

Clara wasn’t surprised when Amy’s lips met hers. It had seemed… inevitable since she’d sat down. The air was dense and static. She kissed back. With more passion than she’d felt in a very long time. It was just as inevitable that she would touch her companions thigh beneath her gown, her fingers finding their way between the heavy folds. And edge her hand ever higher as Amy’s trembling legs parted. She had never touched another woman like this before, her seed was harder and stiffer than Clara’s. 

“Does it feel like this does it?” Clara moved her fingers gently between Amy’s legs. 

Amy was transported. A being of pure tension, strung tight between expectation and desire. She could feel a paroxysm building… 

Clara stroked her companion quickly, urgently. Not at all like she would if she was just beginning to touch herself, but Amy was already so wet that Clara half suspected she must have been leaking. What could make this woman so hot? Was it… her? Clara had never thought of herself as attractive. Certainly not since pregnancy. Not since she’d started having accidents. But perhaps she just needed a different perspective… Amy’s eyes were drooping and she was breathing out ragged little pants of joy. Clara knew she must be on the brink of… simultaneously Amy let out a strangled yelp and arched her back, Clara held her on the bench with her free hand, her other hand was amidst a deluge. Far more urine than Clara was capable of holding flowed through her fingers like a tide. Clara held the other woman until both the paroxysm and the river had run their course. 

”There?” She purred, “That wasn’t so bad was it?” 

Amy looked at Clara, her pupils still dilated. Her mind lept and found footing in intention, “The world is wide, and I will not waste my life.” 

They left the bath together. 

###

Here is Kid_Omo's submission, titled: Sauna Standoff 

The cool air greeted Sandra as she walked through the automatic doors of the gym, a welcome reprieve from the heat of this unusually warm spring day. 

She cracked open her can of pre-workout energy drink. Sandra braced herself as she took a big gulp of the carbonated, heavily caffeinated, supplement. The cheery-sweet rocket pop theme on the can did little to undercut the bitter, chalky flavor of the liquid inside. It was bad, but Sandra figured it was a small price to pay for a sculpted physique. 

It was about 4 in the afternoon, so the gym wasn’t exactly packed, but there were still plenty of people around. This was how Sandra liked it, just enough to keep her focused, motivated, and safe, but not so many that people would bother her or make her wait for equipment. 

Sandra had been coming to this gym for close to a year now. It was large and offered a lot of amenities. She had managed to make a lot of progress since joining. 

As Sandra walked past the front desk, she saw a man in a maintenance uniform talking to the receptionist. The woman at the desk seemed confused and the man looked nervous. 

Sandra just shrugged and walked past. There was probably some equipment down, nothing for her to worry about. 

As she reached the locker room, Sandra chugged down the last of her energy drink. She cringed as the last bit of concentrated flavor stuck to her tongue. Sandra quickly cleansed her pallet with a large gulp from her water bottle. 

She looked down at her bottle. A third of its contents were already gone since leaving her house. That shouldn’t be a problem, the full bottle was close to a liter. Even if she did run out, there were fountains all around the building. 

Sandra carelessly shoved her duffel bag into a locker and got changed into her workout clothes- a red sleeveless shirt and black biker shorts with a red stripe down the side. 

Sandra’s ears perked up at the constant splatter sound of the showers. She suddenly became aware of a slight pressure in her lower abdomen. Those pre-workout drinks always went right through her. 

She paused for a moment to consider the toilet stalls around the corner, but decided against it. She didn’t want to waste any more time and potentially cool down. Besides, going too early risked breaking the seal and ruining her entire workout. Sandra was confident she could hold it through her entire routine. She’d done it before. 

With that settled, and her body starting to buzz from the energy drink, Sandra excitedly left the locker room to get this day started. 

A little over half an hour later, Sandra was deeply into her rhythm, her bladder the furthest thing from her mind. 

Midway through her set of rows, the generic rock music playing over the sound system was interrupted by a loud, shrill beep, breaking her focus. A woman’s voice came over the speakers, 

“Attention, gym patrons! Due to some emergency maintenance, the water supply to this building will be temporarily shut off in 10 minutes! This should not affect regular operations, but all fountains, showers, and similar utilities will be out of service during this time. Please take the next 10 minutes to make use of these facilities if you need them. Again, the water supply, and all related utilities, will be temporarily shutting off in 10 minutes! We apologize for any inconvenience.” 

That was weird, Sandra thought. That had never happened before. Usually work like that was done overnight. The announcement was so sudden, too. 

With her attention pulled off of her workout, Sandra became more aware of the world around her. The slight pressure from earlier had upgraded to a dull throb in her bladder. It still wasn’t an emergency, but it was enough for her to consider going to the bathroom, especially since she didn’t know when she would get her next chance to go. 

Sandra finished off her sets of rows, then stood up and wiped off the machine. She looked down at her stomach, considering her options for a moment. As much as she was reluctant to suspend her workout, the window of opportunity for a toilet break was closing. While she could probably still hold it much longer, Sandra decided it was better to be safe than sorry. 

She picked up her water bottle- which now only held about a fourth of its original contents- and walked to the locker room. 

Upon arrival, Sandra was greeted by a frustrating sight. The three functional stalls were already occupied, with a line of four other women waiting their turn, some looking more restless than others. 

Even in the best of circumstances, waiting her turn would take several minutes. Getting back to the locker room had already cut into her routine. If Sandra waited in this line, she would lose all momentum and basically have to start her workout all over. 

That thought, combined with the overwhelming splatter coming from the shower rooms, frustrated Sandra enough that she gave up on her pee break. 

With a huff, Sandra left the locker room. She stopped by a fountain to refill her water bottle and hurried back to the equipment. 

After a couple quick sets, Sandra was back into the trance of getting gains. As soon as she found her focus, it was ripped away from her as another announcement cut through the air. 

“Attention gym patrons! We will now be shutting off the water for emergency maintenance. It is estimated that this will take around 20 minutes. We will provide updates as we get more information. We apologize again for the inconvenience.” 

20 minutes? That was nothing. If Sandra had known the shutoff would be so short, she wouldn’t have wasted her time earlier. She knew everything would be just fine. That was, until Sandra stood up from her last set of lat pull downs. 

She wasn’t sure if it was the intensity of her workout, the new energy drink, or the knowledge that she had nowhere to go, but the urgency from Sandra’s bladder had increased immensely. It wasn’t a full-blown emergency yet, but it was enough that Sandra would usually make finding a bathroom her top priority. Unfortunately, that wasn’t an option now. 

Sandra checked her watch and noted the time. 20 minutes, that was all she needed to wait. 

As a precaution, Sandra started to slow down and decrease the intensity of her remaining exercises. She became much more mindful about taking sips from her now half-empty water bottle. She told herself she wasn’t afraid of having an accident, but there’s nothing wrong with being careful, right? 

In between sets, Sandra found herself moving a little more stiffly, keeping her thighs close together. She kept anxiously checking her watch, which only made the time pass more slowly. 

As the seconds trickled on, so, too, did the fluids entering Sandra’s bladder. Her urge was getting worse by the minute. She tried to remember if there was ever a time she had to pee this bad. 

Unfortunately, she could remember. It was just after she had started making an effort to get more active. She was on her longest run yet and it hit her all at once. She was as far from home as she could get. That time, she slipped into a park, positioned herself behind a bush, crouched down, and- 

Sandra shook her head as she snapped back to the present. That was not what she needed to be thinking about right now! The memory of that release only made things worse. She swore, she could feel all the urine pushing just at the edge of her urethra. 

Sandra shifted in place, frantically rubbing her legs together. She glanced around to make sure no one was looking. Sandra may not know many of the people here personally, but she still saw several of them regularly. She would hate to be known as the girl potty dancing on the main floor. 

A voice creeped into the back of Sandra’s head. ‘It would be even worse to be the girl who peed her pants.’ 

No! She couldn’t think like that! She could hold it! She had to! 

Sandra glanced at her watch again. About 8 minutes left. Easy. Just a few more light sets and she’d be in the clear. 

Perhaps feeling a little too confident, Sandra went over to the inclined bench. She figured she could finish up with another set of inclined sit-ups. Normally, this was a low-intensity, yet challenging, exercise. 
Things started out smoothly enough. 

1… 2… 3… 

She counted out her reps. 

4… 5… 6- 

Sandra froze as she got to the peak of her movement. Every muscle she could spare tensed up as the pressure on her pee hole rose to new heights. 

She looked around to make sure no one could see her. Once she knew she was in the clear, Sandra took her fight to the next level. She removed a hand from her head and squeezed down on her crotch, alleviating a lot of the pressure. 

After a worrying few moments, this desperate wave subsided. Sandra removed her hand and uncurled herself to finish that rep. 

Sandra hung there for a moment, evaluating her situation. The desperate spike had passed. Her bladder was still stretched, but it was a nagging urge, not an urgent emergency. 

This was when Sandra made another mistake. She wanted to get to 15 to finish her set. She thought she had enough control to keep going. 

7… 8… 9… 10… 

Sandra moved slower and controlled her motion better. Everything seemed fine. 

11… 12… 13… 14… 15- 

Just as Sandra started her last rep, she felt it! A hot jet of pee burst out of her, dampening the seat of her underwear! 

That was all that came out this time, but Sandra knew a warning shot when she felt one. 

The voice in her head returned ‘Which is more embarrassing? Wetting your pants at the gym, or having to clean your own pee off the equipment?’ 

No, no, no! Sandra yelled at herself. She was not going to think like that! 

Sandra decided that was good for this particular workout. She unhooked her legs and carefully slid off the bench. As she got to her feet, Sandra nervously examined the bench. Thankfully, it seemed the only fluid she left on it was her sweat. She cleaned it off. 

Subtly shaking her hips, Sandra checked her watch once more. Less than 5 minutes. The home stretch. She could do this! 

Sandra briefly considered waiting by the stalls for the staff to give the go-ahead that the water was back on, but she worried the sight of a toilet right now would be too tempting. 

As a compromise, Sandra went over to a section of yoga mats laid out near the locker rooms. She proceeded to stretch very, very carefully. Her limited range of motion meant the stretches were barely effective, but she didn’t care. All Sandra needed right now was to look busy while she waited for this ‘emergency maintenance’ to end. 

Finally, the familiar beep sounded over the intercom. Sandra froze in place. She wanted to dash into the locker room right now and be the first one at the toilets, but she was afraid to jump the gun. 

Sandra was glad she didn’t move. The announcement was not what she expected. It was also the last thing she wanted to hear: 

“Attention gym patrons! We have just received word that there were unexpected complications. Unfortunately, this means the water will remain shut off until further notice. Due to this, the gym will be closed to the public for the rest of the day. We ask that you finish your activities and exit the building by 5:30! Again, the gym will be closed for the rest of the day, please finish your activities and clean up in the next 30 minutes. We apologize for the inconvenience.” 

There were faint groans from around the gym, but Sandra couldn’t hear them over the sound of her screaming internally. 

Until further notice? Everything’s still shut down? Why couldn’t they announce that sooner? 

There weren’t any public restrooms nearby. 

Even worse, Sandra had ridden her bike to the gym. In the best of circumstances, she had a 10 to 15 minute ride home. These were not the best of circumstances. 

Putting aside the major complications of riding a bike with an overfilled bladder, Sandra didn’t think she had that much time! 

Sandra took in a deep breath and tried to organize her thoughts. Sure, a bathroom was out of the question, but there had to be another option. 

She was in the middle of the city in broad daylight, so outdoors wasn’t an option. Her water bottle was still a third of the way full. It probably wouldn’t be able to contain her full flood. Even if it could, she would need a private space to fill it up. This gym had to have something… 

That’s it! There was a pool! Sure, it was gross, but other people did it, too, right? And this was an emergency. Besides, they were probably going to have to drain and clean it after today. No one would ever know. 

Sandra walked as casually as she could to sneak a glance at the pool area. Sure enough, there were still people inside swimming laps and playing around. There was time! 

The sight of splashing water didn’t help Sandra’s current condition, but she had hope. This hope gave her the strength to keep holding just a bit longer. 

The rules for the pool required a proper swimsuit. Sandra would get in trouble if she tried to dive in dressed in her workout clothes, but that wasn’t a problem. 

Sandra was a bit of a forgetful person. As a result, she always made sure to pack her gym bag with all the gear she would need for any routine. That included a swimsuit. 

With a plan in mind and the clock ticking, Sandra quickly ducked into the locker room. Avoiding the temptation to look at the forbidden sanctuary of the toilets, Sandra hurried to her locker. 

Sandra danced from foot to foot as she frantically dug through her bag. It was messy and she had a hard time finding anything on a normal day. The fact that her brain was currently floating didn’t help. It took a minute, but Sandra finally found her tight, white, athletic top and bikini trunks. 

Now, she just had to get changed. 

Sandra was able to change her top easily enough. Her shorts would be another story. 

Sandra took a deep breath and clenched her kegels as tightly as she could in order to lean over and part her legs to remove her shorts and socks. Everything was still under control. Now, for her underwear. 

As soon as Sandra’s panties were down, she felt a torrent of pee rushing down her urethra. A few drops started to slip out as Sandra’s hand shot to her crotch. She gripped down as hard as she could, writhing in place to try and keep some semblance of control. 

It was like her entire body was shouting at her, ‘Why aren’t you peeing? Your pants are down, that means it’s time to go, right? Just pee!’ 

For a moment, Sandra contemplated relenting to her body’s protests. There was a drain on the floor, the flooring was waterproof, what could it really hurt? 

But there were other women in the locker room, women who Sandra saw often. Best case scenario, they laugh at her and she gets a reputation for having accidents. Worst case scenario, they report her to the staff and she gets banned from the gym. 

As this moment of weakness subsided, Sandra quickly hiked up her bikini bottoms. She subtly looked around the room. It didn’t seem like anyone had seen her desperate performance just then. At least, no one was acknowledging it. 

As soon as her swimsuit was on, Sandra snatched a towel and hurried to the pool. Relief was within reach, she just had to hold on a little longer. 

Sandra took careful steps, making sure to keep her thighs pressed together. Any slack in her stance would cause her to leak. It was a delicate dance. She had to hurry, but any sudden movements might cause her to burst. Every thud of Sandra’s bare feet against the cold linoleum floor sent shockwaves through her body. 

None of that mattered anymore. It was all about to be over. She was so close. 

Sandra rounded the corner… just in time to see one of the gym staff locking the door to the pool! 

Her heart sank. Sandra’s eyes started to water. She wasn’t sure if it was out of frustration or all the pent up liquids in her system. 

What now? It wasn’t like she could ask the guy to unlock the pool so she could pee in it. What if she lied and said she wanted to swim laps? Not a chance. The pool area was empty and it was almost closing time. 

Sandra ducked behind the corner before the staff member could see her. She didn’t want to risk having to explain her situation. 

Sandra went back into the locker room, looking around in a panic. She had to find something, anything, to save her from an accident. 

With a very slight hope, she took a look at the toilets. Sure, they couldn’t flush, but she could still relieve herself into one. It was just pee, it wouldn’t be that bad. 

Unfortunately, she saw someone in a maintenance uniform examining the pipes near the stalls. Not only did this mean the toilets weren’t an option, but the sinks and floor drains were off limits, too. 

Sandra moved on to the showers. Maybe she could squat over one of the drains? 

No chance. The showers were taped off, and there were more maintenance people nearby. 

What about the drain in the changing room? 

There were still some women hanging around getting changed and talking, clearly not in a hurry. 

Sandra swallowed nervously. 

The voice in her head returned, ‘If you just give up now, it’ll all be over. No one would blame you.’ 

Sandra refused. She couldn’t give up now. She had fought so hard to last this long. She couldn’t let her efforts go to waste. 

Sandra was tough and resourceful. There had to be another option. The pool was out. Employee restrooms were off limits. The studios wouldn’t help. 

Finally, it hit her. There was a sauna! 

The gym offered a wet sauna for relaxation and recovery. It warmed up and evaporated water to create steam. Surely, it could evaporate pee, too! 

…Well, maybe not, but it would be wet enough in there that a little extra moisture shouldn’t be that noticeable. 

It was far from an ideal solution, but it was Sandra’s last resort. She was desperate. All she had to do was get to the sauna, drain herself all over the floor, and get the hell out of there before anyone notices. No one would have to know. 

Sandra grabbed her towel and walked over to the sauna. It was a co-ed sauna, open to all members. 

Next to the door, there was a sign taped to the wall that had clearly been typed up by some tired employee: 

“For the consideration of all guests and staff, 

Appropriate clothing must be worn in the sauna at all times” 

Fortunately, swimsuits were considered appropriate clothing. 

The sauna also had a maximum time limit of 20 minutes. That was no problem. Sandra wouldn’t need nearly that long. 

Sandra opened the door and was greeted by a wave of warm, humid air. She was also greeted by the sight of five other people already sitting in the sauna. 

This was frustrating, but it was manageable. Everyone else had already been in here for a while, they would have to leave sometime soon. All Sandra had to do was wait it out until she was alone. Then, she could pull her pants aside and let it all gush out over the floor, feeling the incredible relief- 

Sandra shook her head and twisted her legs together. She had to stay focused, it wasn’t time to let it out yet. 

Sandra sat down in an empty spot on the bench on the right side of the sauna. The warm seat felt strangely nice in her current situation. 

Sandra let her towel drop off her shoulders and fall around her, leaving her sat there in only her swimsuit. This didn’t bother her. She had worked hard to get this body. She had strong legs, defined arms, and great abs. The only thing Sandra was embarrassed of was this large, rock-hard bump just below her abs. 

The sauna felt nice. Sandra had been in here a few times before. Any other day, she would lean back on the bench, spread out, and relax. Unfortunately, relaxing was pretty much impossible right now, and stretching out or leaning back would be very dangerous. 

Instead, she was sitting bolt upright with her legs clasped tightly together. She had to strike a balance between subtlety and practicality. She couldn’t grab herself or squirm and let everyone see how desperate she was, but she had to do something or she would leak. As a compromise, both of Sandra’s hands rested on top of her lap, trying to find some way to apply more pressure. Every so often, Sandra shifted her position and pressed her hands a little deeper into her crotch. 

The cool condensation forming on Sandra’s skin, right over her stretched bladder, felt so weird. It was like tiny fingers running their way over her stomach. She could feel herself sweating. How Sandra wished she could just sweat out her full bladder. 

Sandra looked around the room to see if she could estimate how much longer she needed to wait for the others to clear out. There were three younger people- maybe teenagers- sitting together and talking. They looked tired. A middle aged man was leaned over, sweating heavily, on the other side of the bench. He wouldn’t be much longer. The last person was an older man. Sandra couldn’t get a read on how long he had been there. All things considered, Sandra judged that she would be left alone before too much longer. 

The occasional hiss of water being automatically added to the heater was grating on Sandra’s mind. She wanted so badly for that to be her water sizzling away. Unfortunately, it would be impossible for her to aim her stream that far, even if there weren’t a grate over the heater. 

Sandra scanned the room while she waited for it to clear out. She wanted to find the best spot to empty herself now so she could start as soon as she had the chance. 

She briefly considered pulling her bikini aside and peeing on the bench. At that point, it wouldn’t be much different from wetting herself. Besides, the benches were wooden, so the urine might soak in. That was a no-go. 

The door had a small glass window. While the steam fogged it up, Sandra didn’t want to take the risk of her privates being on full display to anyone passing by. Thankfully, she couldn’t see any cameras in or around the sauna. That meant she only had to worry about people coming into the room after she started. 

There wasn’t a lot of floor space, but Sandra figured she could safely crouch down between the benches and the heater. Her best bet would be to use the corner. That way, the heater would hide her from anyone looking through the window, and she shouldn’t run the risk of getting the heater wet. 

She had a spot and a plan, now all Sandra needed to do was wait. And wait she did… 

After maybe 5 minutes, the group of teenagers got up and left. The middle aged man quietly walked out a few minutes later. 

Now, all Sandra needed was to outlast this old man. Good. He definitely couldn’t stay much longer. 

Then, Sandra would be free to squat down, pull her pants down, and let it all out- 

Sandra was forced back into reality by a short spurt dampening her trunks. She shivered and tensed up her entire body. No time for daydreaming, not while she’s this close. 

Then the door opened again. 

A short young woman sheepishly entered the sauna. She had a towel tightly wrapped around herself. She slowly looked between the two occupants of the sauna. She almost looked scared. 

The woman closed the door, but lingered in the entrance for a little while longer. Sandra heard the woman quietly whimper as she shifted from one foot to the other. For a second, Sandra thought she was going to turn back around and leave. 

After a second, the girl walked over to the bench opposite Sandra and stepped up, sitting down on the higher bench. The girl couldn’t sit still. Sandra watched as she shifted in place, grinding her butt into the bench. The way she closed off her body made her look even smaller. The woman had one hand carefully clutching the towel closed over her chest while the other sat heavily on her lap. Her ankles were crossed and her feet restlessly rubbed against one another. 

If Sandra didn’t know any better, she would say this girl was also bursting... 

No, she was probably just self-conscious. She looked new to the gym. 

Sandra grit her teeth. This newcomer was just going to add to her wait time. Still, she was young, nervous, and new. She probably wouldn’t last too long in the damp heat. 

Three more minutes and Sandra’s thighs were starting to cramp up from being tensed for so long. She pressed her right palm firmly into the front of her bikini, using her left hand to cover it. She was warm, sweaty, and thirsty, but none of that mattered. The only thing that mattered right now was preventing her pee from coming out until she was alone. 

Finally, the old man got up. He nodded to both the women and said “Have a nice evening.” before leaving. 

Now, there was only one more obstacle. Sandra just had to outlast this random new girl. 

Sandra chewed the inside of her cheek in frustration. The new girl was already turning red. She was staring downward, her eyes out of focus. Her hands were balled into fists on the bench next to her. The woman kept shifting on the spot and her feet were fidgeting. Surely, she couldn’t last much longer. 

This was so annoying. If this girl wasn’t here, Sandra would be unleashing the contents of her bladder all over the floor already. Instead, she was still waiting. 

It would be a lie to say Sandra was at her limit. No, she had reached her limit more than 10 minutes ago. Right now, she was teetering on the precipice of disaster. At this rate, Sandra was sure she would lose control the second she stood up. 

A part of Sandra wanted to yell at this woman to get out and give her some privacy. Maybe if she tried to disguise it as advice? Tell the girl not to spend too long in the sauna? 

No. Even now, Sandra didn’t want to be that person giving unsolicited advice in the gym. 

Maybe she could ask for help? Explain the situation and politely ask for some alone time? 

What was she thinking? What would she say? 

“You know this room where people sit and relax in steam? Well, I want to pee here because I’m about to wet my pants like a little kid after ignoring multiple warnings. So could you please look away and not report me for defacing gym property? Thanks!” 

Yeah, not a chance. 

Whatever Sandra was going to do, she needed to do it fast. She could feel cracks forming in the dam. 

A gentle dribble began to work its way past her lips. 

Sandra gasped and twisted her legs together. She writhed and slipped her left hand in between her thighs. After a few seconds, Sandra had managed to contain the flow, but not unharmed. She could feel a trickle of urine dripping down the inside of her leg. 

Sandra looked across the room and saw the other girl looking at her! Their eyes met. Sandra felt so embarrassed. She hoped she wasn’t being too obvious. The woman’s eyes were wide and concerned. That only made Sandra feel worse. 

Time seemed to freeze as both women held eye contact in that damp sauna. Sandra was frozen in place. The other girl was constantly shifting around. It really felt like one of them should say something. 

The stalemate was broken by the door opening again. Both women instantly whipped their heads around to see who it was. If Sandra had to wait for another person to leave, she was going to explode. 

Thankfully, it wasn’t someone wanting to use the sauna. Instead, a young man in a staff uniform stood in the door, looking down at his clipboard. He looked at the two women and put on a customer service smile. 

“Sorry to intrude. Just checking in. The gym is closing in about 10 minutes, so could you try and finish up soon? Thanks!” 

He nodded awkwardly and left. 

Finish up soon? Sandra wanted nothing more than to do that. If only she didn’t have an audience! 

Another leak further dampened Sandra’s swimsuit. Whatever she was going to do, she needed to do it quickly. She wasn’t sure if she could walk, much less leave the gym, in her condition. One way or the other, she was peeing right here. She would really prefer if it wasn’t in her pants. 

Another leak. This time, it lasted for a full second. Sandra could feel it on her hand. Privacy may not be an option anymore! What could she do about this girl? What should she say? 

Sandra was startled out of her thoughts by a hiss of steam rising from the heater. She jumped just a little. That little bit was all it took to upset her delicate equilibrium. 

A light, persistent stream of pee began to come out. 

Sandra tried to clench down and stop it, but it was no use. The fatigue had gotten to her. Sandra had no more strength to give. This was happening, and it was happening now! 

Sandra groaned before shouting “Screw this!” to the humid room. 

She stood up and slid her thumbs under the waistband of her bikini. As soon as she did, the floodgates burst open. The intensity of the stream in Sandra’s trunks increased exponentially. She wasn’t leaking anymore. She was peeing her pants! 

She didn’t even try to stop it anymore. It was a lost cause at this point. This was damage control. All Sandra could do was try to salvage some bit of her dignity. 

Sandra took two steps over to the corner and squatted down while pulling down her swimsuit. 

Her pee exploded out of her, shooting into the wall and hitting the floor with a loud splatter. 

Sandra shifted her feet for better balance. She looked down to check her footing and saw the damage. The entire seat of her bikini was totally dark. She had several tendrils of urine winding down both legs. Pee was splashing all over her bare feet. 

Sandra whimpered, crouching frozen in the corner while her torrent echoed throughout the foggy room. This wasn’t urination at this point, it was full-blown muscle failure. Her bladder was still stretched far beyond its normal limits even after violently voiding for several seconds. The pain far exceeded any pleasure she could be feeling right now. 

After about 10 seconds, Sandra regained her senses. She turned her head to the side and looked around. The young woman was still in the same spot. She was looking down with her eyes tightly shut. She wasn’t really who Sandra was worried about. This girl already knew what was happening. 

Sandra watched the window out of the corner of her eye. She knew she wouldn’t be able to stop, even if someone were to walk in, but she wanted to be aware. 

Despite the ambient heat in the room, Sandra shivered. Goosebumps formed all over her body. She did her best to suppress a moan, but the relief was too powerful. She let out a deep hum as she felt the pressure decrease. 

For nearly a minute, the sauna was dead silent, save for the deafening roar of Sandra’s downpour slamming into the floor. 

Slowly, gradually, the stream began to die down. It went from a loud splatter, to a concentrated trickle, to a light tinkle, and, finally, to a small drip. Sandra pushed a few more powerful bursts out of her. She wanted to make sure she was entirely empty after this. 

Once she was sure there was nothing left to give, Sandra began to feel self-conscious. She turned her focus to the wall to evaluate the aftermath of her deluge. 

The inside of her upper thighs were totally soaked, her calves and feet were covered in droplets, even her trunks weren’t spared the wrath of a few more stray sprays. The puddle she left covered the entire floor beneath her. It dominated the corner of the sauna and reached all the way to the base of the electric heater. Good thing that was in a protective case. 

In a way, Sandra was almost proud to see just how much she had built up inside her. At least her pee was clear. That was supposed to be a good thing, right? 

Sandra realized she had nothing to wipe with. Looking at her swimsuit, she realized she didn’t care. The crotch and butt were entirely drenched. If it weren’t for the dry waistband, she could realistically say she had gone swimming. 

Sandra pulled her trunks up, the wet squish of the fabric meeting her damp nether regions in an odd clash that sent another shiver through her. 

Her feet splashed in the puddle of her own making as she went to grab her towel. Sandra tried to dry off her legs as much as possible, hoping it wouldn’t be totally obvious she had just pissed all over herself when she left. 

Then, Sandra remembered something. There was someone else in the sauna. 

She awkwardly looked at the other woman. These two hadn’t said a single word to one another, and Sandra had just whipped down her pants and peed right in front of her. What a hell of a first impression. 

The woman was still sitting in the same spot. She was looking down with eyes tightly closed. She was biting her lip. Sandra could see the girl quivering. 

Sandra felt the need to say something. She wasn’t sure what she could say, but it wasn’t like she could embarrass herself any more. 

“Hey, it’s fine. You can open your eyes now.” She said. 

The girl let out a pathetic whimper. She didn’t look up. She didn’t move. Her quivering stopped. Then, it happened. 

The small room was once again filled with a loud hissing sound. This time, it wasn’t Sandra. 

Before long, the towel over the woman’s lap began to darken. A thin sheen of yellowish liquid spread out from underneath her, covering the bench. In seconds, several thin trickles began to pour over the edge of the bench, down to the seat below. The trickles gradually merged into two thick waterfalls on either side of this poor girl. These split falls formed a reservoir around the girl’s clenched feet. 

Thinking quickly, Sandra turned away and stood in front of the door, trying to block as much of the window as possible. She may not be able to save this woman from an accident, but she could at least try to spare her any extra shame. 

Eventually, the hissing stopped. The room continued to echo with drips as fluids fell from one level to the next. Turning around, Sandra saw a pitiful sight. 

The bottom bench was covered in a large puddle, centered around the woman’s feet. There was another, smaller, circle of piss where she sat. A small pool of urine swirled in between the girl’s clenched thighs as she shook. 

It was tough to tell from the sweat and steam, but Sandra thought she saw tears under the girl’s eyes. Sandra couldn’t stand seeing her like this. She had to try something. 

“Why didn’t you say something earlier? It would have saved us both a lot of trouble.” Sandra tried to joke. 

The woman gasped in surprise and looked up at Sandra. Sandra wasn’t sure if her face was red from the heat, the embarrassment, or both. 

“Are you ok?” Sandra asked. 

The girl barely managed to squeak out a meek “Uh-huh.” 

“...Did you get it all out?” Sandra mindlessly blurted out. 

Despite all odds, the woman turned a deeper shade of red. She looked down without responding. 

Sandra sighed and nudged the girl’s shoulder. 

“Hey, it’s fine. We were both in the same boat… On choppy waters, apparently.” Sandra forced a laugh. 

The woman didn’t respond. 

“I’m Sandra.” She reached out her hand, not sure what else to do. 

The woman looked up again. She seemed slightly calmer. 

“Abby.” She answered, her voice quiet and mousey. 

Abby reached out and shook Sandra’s hand. There was a squishing sound. Sandra realized both of their hands were covered in pee. That didn’t matter. It wasn’t like things could get much worse. 

Sandra grabbed her towel and offered it to Abby, seeing as her towel was barely usable at this point. 

Abby unwrapped herself from her drenched towel and awkwardly slid off the bench. Her feet hit the floor with a wet slap. She gratefully accepted Sandra’s towel. 

This was the first time Sandra got a good look at the young woman. She was short and slightly chubby, not too big, though. Abby was only wearing a gray sports bra on top. Below that, she had on a pair of loose blue shorts. The shorts were a little wet on the crotch, but completely soaked down the back. 

“Now what?” Abby asked as she did her best to dry off. 

“Now we get the hell out of here before anyone realizes what we did. We get changed, leave, and pretend nothing ever happened.” 

“Um…” Abby started, “I don’t have any spare…” She didn’t finish her thought. Instead, she reached a thumb into her shorts and presented the band of a pink pair of panties. 

Sandra squared up and began closely examining Abby’s body. She heard Abby whimper. 

“They may be a little tight, but I have an extra pair that should fit you.” Sandra concluded. 

“R-really?” 

“Yeah. Now let’s get out of here already. I’m starting to feel dizzy.” 

The two women carefully checked the hallway before exiting the sauna. Once they were in the clear, they quickly left and hurried to the locker room. 

Thankfully, it was close enough to closing time that they were basically alone in the changing area. 

Sandra grabbed her gym bag out of her locker and set it down next to Abby. 

After getting out her street clothes, Sandra bent down and ripped off her damp bikini bottoms. 

She heard a faint “Eep!” as Abby turned away. 

“What? It’s not like I have anything you haven’t seen before.” Sandra muttered, jokingly. 

Sandra quickly ran a towel over her privates before putting on her panties and jeans. 

By the time she got her bra and t-shirt on, Abby had changed into her baggy t-shirt and was just starting to pull down her shorts. 

“Here.” Sandra said, tossing Abby a spare pair of underwear from her bag. 

Abby caught them and unfolded them. “Boxers?” She asked. 

“Yeah. They’re comfortable.” Sandra shrugged. 

Abby quietly took off her stained pink panties and tried to wipe herself off with what little dry space was left on her towel. She slipped the boxers on, followed quickly by her blue jeans. 

“You know, they are comfortable.” Abby muttered. 

Sandra chuckled. “Feel free to keep that pair. Pro tip: always bring a spare pair of underwear to the gym. Especially if you plan to get into heavy lifting.” 

“Wait, really?” 

“Just as a precaution!” Sandra shouted, realizing she may have said too much. 

The women joined the small group of stragglers leaving the gym. After they got out of the door, the receptionist locked it. 

Sandra and Abby looked at each other. It looks like they got away with it. 

“So… where are you off to now?” Sandra asked, awkwardly. 

“Well, my roommate will be here to pick me up in about 15 minutes. So, I guess I’m waiting here. You?” 

“I rode my bike here. I… don’t really have anything else to do today.” 

Sandra cleared her throat. “There’s a smoothie stand near here that makes some great supplement blends. We could… grab some and wait here together? You know, to make sure nothing happens.” 

For the first time that day, Sandra heard Abby giggle. 

“Deal. But let’s get the small size, ok?” 

###

Here is Tellnoone's submission, titled: Winter Sauna 

The snow squeaked under my feet as I walked from the bus stop down to the small club house. I looked forward to a relaxing time with some of the other ski club members. The winter night was peaceful, and away from the city lights the stars were so much more visible on the sky. Just like last time I was here a couple of weeks ago. Oh, the thought of that night brought back sweet memories.

Peter, Jennie and Billy were already in the sauna, so I quickly changed into my swimwear, grabbed a beer, and went in there. 

There was no running water in this place. No bathroom. Usually we just went outside, around the corner to pee. I preferred to do it while I was swimming in the lake though, and I´m pretty sure I wasn´t the only one.

But there would be no swimming today. The lake was just a huge flat surface covered with snow, and the ice so thick we would have needed a chainsaw to make a hole in it, so to cool us down we´d just have to roll in the snow. 

I looked out the window. Fresh snow on the ground covered what I did there last time. I had been holding my pee in all night out of laziness, and then right before we were leaving, the idea just struck me. I waited until the others had gone to change, and then I had sneaked out to the snowy beach one last time. I don´t know if you have ever done this kind of winter sauna thing. The thing is, when your body has been in the heat for such a long time you can be outside for a while without too much discomfort. But that time I had another thing on my mind. I don´t usually engage in omo activities among friends but I just couldn´t resist. I sat down on my bum and relaxed, peeing right through my swimsuit. The pee felt so hot as a contrast to the snow, and I kept the flow going in a constant stream until empty. I could feel myself sinking deeper down in the snow as the pee made it melt. I stayed there a few seconds, enjoying the silence, then I got up and rubbed myself with some snow to clean up a bit, before I went back in to change before heading home. Even if the whole bikini bottom was damp from the snow there was still an obvious pee-soaked patch reaching from the front to the back between my legs, and I felt naughty and nervous trying to cover it from the others in the changing room. 

That had been awesome, but I shouldn´t be doing it tonight again, I thought to myself. I should just go and squat behind the corner like the others. Yes, I´d definitely do that. 

We had a great time, discussing everything from politics to gossips from our last camp, and then every now and then we went out all together to cool ourselves down with the icy cold, yet so smooth snow outside.

After a while, Peter and Jennie who had both been there longer than me and Billy decided that they had enough and wanted to drive home. They offered me and Billy a ride home, but we weren’t satisfied yet. We had still one beer left to drink and were in the middle of debating what album with the Smiths was the most classic one. 

I knew Billy had been behind the corner right after I came here, two or three hours ago. No, I´m not a creep keeping count on my friend’s toilet behaviors, it just… gets noticed. How long had It been since I went? That was back home, probably four hours ago. Now after three beers and lots of water, even if I had been sweating a lot of it out, it was not a surprise that I started to feel a need to pee. And with that feeling comes… Other urges. Excitement. Pleasurable tingling in certain areas of the body. 

I wasn´t attracted to Billy, and I knew I wasn´t his type either. He was just a friend. A bit stupid and annoying sometimes but that could also lead to interesting cheerful arguments. So this had nothing to do with him, but… Just sitting here, with a filling bladder starting to poke the right buttons from the inside, slowly squeezing my legs together... It became hot. That kind of burning hotness that could be mistaken for a small pee leak, even when I know it´s just another kind of wetness.

My omo mind was on overload. The memories of my sneaky wetting last time started rolling in my head again. Suddenly my plans of not doing it again was far away. I wanted to wet. This pee, still contained in my bladder, craved to pass through fabric.

I wasn´t yet so desperate that it showed. I´m pretty good at hiding it until I´m really on the verge. If I squirmed a bit now when Billy looked away it was only because it felt so good. 

We had changed our topic to Radiohead and it turned out to be an even longer discussion. The Bends had been one of the first albums I bought (yes, kids, once upon a time you actually bought expensive records in a store, and listened to the same one all day long until you could afford to buy another one next month.) and there was nothing like it. Billy didn´t agree. He said the Bends was too simple, and there was so much more soul and heart behind Ok computer. 

Once again – I’m not a creep (no pun intended), but I couldn´t help but notice Billy tensing up a bit. He was starting to look very restless, and sometimes looking out the windows, losing track of what we were talking about. 

He was holding it on purpose. He must be. There was no pee shyness in that guy, I had seen him peeing on the side of the road several times during ski trips. Why was he holding it? I didn´t understand.

Soon his moves weren´t so subtle anymore. He drifted away. I swear, I did my best not to stare, and just keep on talking, pretending like nothing, but hey, I knew all those signals, and that guy was bursting.

After a while we both turned silent. Me with a comfortably full bladder and doing my best not to show my amusement with the situation. Him shifting around with a nervous look on his face, and then suddenly he just jumped up. 

“Gotta piss”, he said, and jumped down, hurrying outside. As soon as I was alone, I took the opportunity to put a hand in my crotch, and rub myself just slightly outside of the bikini bottom. It felt fantastic, but a bit embarrassing too. Billy would return any second, so I stopped myself before the point of no return, feeling the blood pulsating, unsatisfied. Fuck this, stop being such a perv, I said to myself, and in that moment the door opened. Ok, this thing I´m not sure about but… I´m pretty sure there was a small darker patch in the front of his trunks. I just don´t think he really made it on time… And I would lie if I said I didn´t care about it, and that I didn´t have to force my eyes not to repeatedly make their way to that possible dark streak. 

Alright, I needed to find a new topic to talk about, to make me think of something else than my friend´s possible accidental spurt, and my own growing desperation. I tried. And I failed. And then Billy started talking instead.

“What´s wrong with you? Don´t you ever pee?”, he said. I knew it. That was the reason he had held it. He had noticed I didn´t go all night and it must have annoyed him for some reason.

“I just haven´t been needing to go.”

“I don´t believe it. You´re just holding it to proof that women can hold it for longer than men”.

“Billy, what the fuck!” I knew so well he was just trying to provoke. He wasn´t an asshole and he did share most of my values, still he sometimes joked about my dedication to feminist issues, and my strong reactions when someone made ridiculous assumptions on gender differences. I remembered that time on the party when Billy got that stupid idea about drinking “gender equality shots” with me, actually filling a slightly bigger glass for me each time, and those were so many times I can´t count as he was waiting for me to give up. Well, I got drunk, that´s true. But I didn´t get waisted and puking all night long like my dear gender equal male friend. I used to tease him a lot about that event afterwards. 

But let´s just say I stepped into his trap this time.

“Alright Billy. If men were better at holding their pee than women, how come you´re the one who just about wet his pants 5 minutes ago, while I´m just sitting here in peace not even needing to go? “

At least I´m sure that if we weren´t already so hot from the sauna he was blushing when I said that thing about him wetting his pants. His eyes made a short little look down at his crotch as if to see if something still showed.

“Alright. But you must admit you need to pee now. Or do you just pee right where you´re sitting?” 

I was the one to blush now. Not because of embarrassment, but because his words made my private parts go crazy. The idea of me just letting go where I was sitting on the wooden sauna deck… The pee forming a lake between my thighs, slowly running over the edge, and splashing down to the floor. Of course, it´s something super gross I would never do, but the thought of doing it right there…

In the very same moment that thought crossed my mind the psychological grip of my bladder slipped. I felt hotness in my urethra and just in time managed to stop a leak from coming out. 

“Stop this bullshit now, how old are you?” I said. 

“Come on. You don´t need to proof anything anymore. You must be bursting!”

Billy just smiled, waiting for an answer. Oh god, why were we even having this conversation, could it be… No. I knew him too well, he had no sexual interest in this. He was just being old good annoying Billy. For some reason he had managed to thread directly into one of my most private spots, and I must not let it show. I couldn´t tell him that I held my pee in just because it felt so good and that I wanted to wet myself as soon as I got the chance.

“Actually I just don´t really need to go. Not at all. I can easily hold it until we get home”.

I regretted what I just said. Why didn´t I just give up? Even if it had been some unofficial holding competition between us, I would have won it long ago. Why didn´t I just go and pee? Maybe it was the beer, that made me too proud, stupid and overconfident. Maybe I actually believed I could hold it long enough to get off the bus, reach my own house, kick my shoes off in the hallway and then just go into the bathtub in the last second, before everything came pouring down my jeans in sweet relief. 

Or maybe I actually liked the excitement of this. The thought of not making it. The challenge. 

I had been pretty comfortable so far, but after our next and last bath in the snow I was actually getting so desperate that I couldn´t think straight. Billy asked me when the buses were leaving, because I use to know that, but now I just didn´t remember. He checked his phone and said we should hurry up and get changed. I knew I should just go and pee now, but I still didn´t. I had told Billy I wasn´t desperate at all, hadn´t I? And I didn´t want to waste such a good hold on a normal boring peeing on the ground.

With full concentration I went into one of the cubicles in the changing room. The pee heavy in my stomach. As I janked my bikini bottom down there was a confusion in the brain-bladder connection. “Great, we´re in the bathroom” the bladder seemed to think, and before I could stop it a trickle ran down my leg. I wiped it up with my towel, for a moment thinking about putting the towel between my legs and pee into it like a diaper… But Billy was right next to me in the other cubicle and I was too scared he would hear the noise of it and catch me in the act. 

Putting on my dry panties without having had relief felt just so wrong. Then the leggings.

I slightly rubbed myself, as silent as I could. It made the urges go away, and I could have cum on the spot, but that would make me start breathing weirdly, and I knew an intense orgasm could make me leak too. I put my light blue jeans on instead. Could barely button them with all this pee inside of me. I now had three layers. That would secure me from showing a small leak, but the spasms I was having now were getting stronger. Bending down to put my shoes on was a struggle, and now the urge for relief was so strong that I finally decided to give up and go pee in the darkness of the ditch before the bus came. 

But Billy was already outside waiting for me. “The bus is coming already, come on”. He was right. The bus was a few minutes early and I saw the headlights up the road. 

I don´t know, maybe I didn´t have time to think, but I joined Billy speed walking to the bus stop, even if it meant a slowly dribbling warmth in my underwear with every third step. And then we stopped. The bus went over the hill coming towards us. And now standing still the biggest desperation wave suddenly hit me. A two second spurt in my pants. And another one. It was unstoppable. I was going to wet myself. Now. Right in front of Billy, and the bus that just slowed down, stopped and opened its door in front of us. I didn´t want it to happen. Not like this. In panic I put a hand inside my pocket, and I´m usually not so fast with ideas but this time I was and it saved my ass… well, for the moment. 

“Fuck! I forgot my phone in the changing room, gotta go back and get it and take the next bus, you go ahead, see you on Tuesday…“ The words streamed out of my mouth faster than the pee slowly in shorts spurts soaked the inside of my leggings, probably already starting to make a dark spot in the crotch of my jeans. I didn’t dare looking down to check it out. Billy fortunately only looked at my face.

“Yeah, yeah. See you then!” he sighed, a little bit tired of me since it happens pretty often that I forget my belongings somewhere. He turned his back against me and got on the bus. I started walking the other direction, still clenching all my muscles. But as the bus went, so did also all the last of my will power to stay dry. This was it. I just stood there on the side of the road, as over one liter of pee flooded my pants in half a minute. The patches spread and it was running straight through the fabric in hot rivers, steaming in the cool air. It was amazing. So warm against the cold. I felt so calm and relaxed. But it soon changed. 

For fucks sake. What had I done? My jeans were soaked, with just a perfect evenly shaped pee stain reaching all the way from the crotch down the inside of my legs. My ass was soaked as well. I had hat kind of beautiful wet patch that even to an untrained eye can only mean one thing. That woman just totally pissed her pants. At least I was alone. Thank god I was alone. 

Walking back to the clubhouse the wetness against my skin wasn´t that warm anymore. I was happy I did have the keys, and didn´t have to stay out in the cold. But I couldn´t go directly inside. My shoes were filled with pee, and the feet dripping as I stepped out of the shoes. I took my socks off, sticked my feet barefoot into the snow and then I walked into the house. My now ice cold jeans were clinging to my legs, and I decided to sit in the still pretty warm sauna for a while. I found a big garbage bag to put under my ass and made sure no pee stained surface touched the wood. 

Alright, I had half an hour to kill until next bus. What to do? You all know what I did. I´m not gonna go into details. But after the second time it was actually perfect timing to go to the bus. Trying to ignore the fact that I had also started to smell, I got out to the bus stop again, with the empty plastic bag in my hand. In case the bus driver hesitated to allow me on the bus I would assure them I wouldn´t make a mess on the seat. 

I was kind of nervous when the bus arrived. I had never been so obviously wet in front of someone before. The driver looked down my pants. He definitely saw and understood what had happened, but he didn´t say anything and I couldn´t really read his face. The rest of the bus was almost empty, and I went down the aisle to pick a seat. I saw the driver turning his head against the noise of me placing the plastic bag on the seat and sitting down on it. 

Finally on my way home now. But I soon got reminded what always happens after a long hold. Your bladder fills up fast and you need to pee again. I was getting desperate, but now with a sore bladder and it wasn´t a pleasant feeling.

With ten minutes left on the ride I decided to ease the pressure just a little bit, since I was sitting on the plastic bag, and everything. No, actually it wasn´t a decision. I just gave it a thought, and then my body cheered upon the idea, and let out a big spurt before I gave it a second thought.

My wet bum felt warm again, but as the clothes couldn´t really absorb much more, it was pooling up between my legs and I managed to stop the flow with just a short delay. Soon after that the puddle overflowed and a thin stream running over the edge of the plastic covered seat created a small puddle on the floor. Fuck. I had made a mess. I felt shameful but pretended like nothing and just made sure not to let anything more out. We reached my bus stop, and I carefully got up, and tried to hold the plastic bag in a way that it wouldn´t drip while jumping out the bus to put it in the waste bin outside. 

On the way home from the bus stop I just relaxed as I walked, allowing leaks to happen and rewet my pants. All damage that could be done was done, so why suffer. My crotch felt warm and nice as I let it out little by little.

The streets were quite. A few cars passed me by and if they looked at me they probably saw my wet pants. I just hoped it wasn’t someone I knew.

The temperatures were getting even lower, and my legs and feet felt like they were turning to ice. I was glad it was just a short walk left. I was just gonna pass by the 7-11 store and then I´d be home. I walked faster as I passed the store, in case there were people inside who could see me. Fuck. I wasn´t that lucky. I heard the doors slide open behind me just as I passed them. And then someone called my name. 

I turned around. I Couldn´t believe it. Walking towards me with a big bottle of coke in his hand was… Yes, of course. Billy. And there I stood, with my obvious pee stains all the way down to my feet. Frozen in place. First he looked confused, and as if he didn´t know how to react, but that was only for a short moment. Then he started laughing.

“Come on, that is a stupid way of trying to make yourself warm… It gets´s cold really quickly, right?” he smiled.

“Talking form experience, I guess?”, I said. (I have No idea where those words came from, because my mind felt completely blank).

He just shook his head and kept laughing at me.

“I will be kind. I´m not gonna force you to explain what the fuck happened. Not today. You´d better just hurry home before you catch a cold.”

“Well, I was on my way…” I complained.

“Sorry to interrupt you. See you! And you´re not getting a goodbye hug from me, ha ha. ” he said, gave me a little wave and walked away. Managing not to bump into anyone else I passed the next house and finally hurried up the stairs into my apartment, the warm shower, the change of pants, and the bed. 

Lying there exhausted I was thinking back on the whole evening. It was with very mixed feelings. Sure my full bladder had emptied itself through fabric, just like it had craved… But apart from that, absolutely nothing had ended up the way I planned it. I had for the first time wet my pants in public with zero chances to hide the aftermath. Sitting on a plastic bag in that bus and even peeing a little bit on the floor had been embarrassing and humiliating. And if that wasn´t enough, just when I thought it was over, I had been seen by my friend. My most annoyingly spiteful dear friend. The grin he had on his face as he left had told me he wouldn´t let me live this down. It was horribly awkward. And still… 

I was thinking about what it would be like to meet with the ski club next Tuesday. What would Billy say to me? Would he let the others know or would he just be hinting about it, making me embarrassed with subtle insinuations? The thought of this was killing me right now. I could barely wait. 

###

Finally, here is Flush's submission, titled Two's Company 

Posting as a PDF because Flush requested that the format be preserved 

$Two's company.pdf

