May 2022 Omorashi Writing Competition - Submissions

Author: WiiGuy86 

*001*2022-06-08 04:37

Here is WaityKaty's submission, titled: The Water Cure 

This story is set in upstate New York in the late 19th century. ‘Water Cure’ in context refers to the wildly popular practice of hydrotherapy as alternative medicine capable of curing just about anything. Absolutely not the ironic latter usage describing torture. All characters are women, there is sex involved. 

Amy crossed her legs tightly as she sat herself down on the smooth marble bench. Why didn’t she just ask the attendant to show her where she could relieve herself? Surely that’s what everyone else would do? Maybe one of the other women in the Turkish bath would know? Probably. Half a dozen ladies of various ages sat sporadicly around the steamy room. She could see small vents in the floor from which the warm, wet air rose lazily. 

But Amy knew she wouldn’t ask. She would just need to hold it. But for how much longer? She got the impression that the Water Cure still contained other dubious ‘pleasures’. The glasses of chilled water full of lemon and exotic herbs to ‘relax her inhibitions’ that she’d drank on arrival were still working their way through her and she was starting to worry that she wouldn’t be able to contain herself. What would she do if she wet herself? Probably never leave her house again. Which would be entirely the opposite outcome to that the Water Cure had been promised to achieve. Amy had always been shy, and preferred her own company. She didn’t see how anything was different now that her daughter had been born. But her husband claims to worry, and her mother-in-law suggested the Water Cure would heal her ‘unsociability’. So here she was. Getting cured. The herbs, at least, had done nothing. Or she’d already have asked for the lavatory. 

Amy tried to minimise her squirming, despite her bursting bladder. It was unladylike to show such a need. Of course it was even more unladylike to wet one’s dress, or even the rough towel-like gowns the attendants had the women wear between treatments. Amy suspected she was meant to have taken off the gown in the Turkish bath. Given the warm humid air more access to her skin. While a couple of the other women still held their gowns wrapped around themselves like Amy a few had removed them and were sitting naked. One was covering her breasts and between her legs with her arms and hands and looked as if she would prefer not to be so exposed. But a couple of others were comfortably casual in their nudity and hid nothing from display. Amy had never seen anything like it and her curiosity to continue to examine the ladies surprised her. She tried not to stare but couldn’t resist taking long glances whenever she felt she had to. The lady directly opposite her on the other side of the room was one of those who remained wrapped in her gown and had apparently fallen asleep, as Amy could hear her snoring prettily. 

It wasn’t long before the woman who had seemed uncomfortable with nakedness, but embraced it anyway, stood up, pulled her gown back on, and blushingly left the room. Over the next few minutes she was joined by several others who had had enough of the steam and an idea occurred to Amy. “If everyone leaves, even briefly, and I’m alone in the bath, I could relieve myself right here.” 

It was a wild idea! Amy had never before done such a thing. A lady held her bladder until she reached the appropriate facility. And if she couldn’t, shamefully, well then, she would relieve herself in her clothes. Despite Amy’s shyness leading to quite a bit of unnecessary desperation she’d not reached the point of having an actual accident since childhood. Though she had to admit that she’d always been rather fascinated by the idea of other ladies getting themselves into such a state. Where did that thought come from? It was true, now she thought it. But it was a new realisation. Perhaps the water cure did work in some ways? 

Her companions in the bath continued to trickle out. Regrettably the beautiful naked ladies among them. Amy was properly in need of relief now, the urgency between her legs growing quickly, unbearably, her idea of going on the floor of the bath was her only chance to avoid wetting her gown, she’d left it too late to find her way to a restroom. Even if she could make herself ask for directions. The woman opposite her shifted a little in her sleep. Napping while sitting on marble will do that, Amy supposed. Though wouldn’t it be interesting if she needed relief as well? Amy had heard stories of young women who had had accidents sometimes. Though she’d never seen it actually happen. Wouldn’t it be absolutely fascinating if this beautiful young thing ten feet away wet herself in her sleep while Amy watched? What was that thought!? Did she really want to see that? She did! The phantasy was thrilling her, and it kept her mind away from her own mounting desperation. she just had to hold out till two more women left the room. She could pee while her sleeping princess slept…

Clara hadn’t felt any urge to pee when she’d first been led to the Turkish bath. Though she didn’t know where the facilities were either, had Amy asked, even though she’d drunk the same mandatory lemon, herbs, and ice water. Each time the attendants had submerged her in water, hot or cold, Clara had more or less immediately lost any control of her bladder and urinated helplessly. The first time she was quite embarrassed, as she always was whenever she wet herself, but as the water hid all evidence of her indiscretions she found herself not blushing at all either the second or third time it happened. 

“It’s it funny!” She thought to herself, “that it isn’t the loss of bladder control that is so shameful, but simply that anyone might know?” 

That was actually why she was visiting the Water Cure, her husband had found her occasional lapses in continence since she’d carried his son to be so vexing that she’d been banished to the guest bedroom “until she found control over herself”. That Clara wasn’t having accidents on purpose seemed of little consequence to Robert. She was exiled until she could be certain that she wouldn’t sully their marital bed either in her sleep, in a brief frantic wakefulness, or during her marital expectations. 

Sitting amid the gentle steam, Clara had felt herself starting to drift away. She’d been so tired for months. Little Harold was so demanding and even at night she dared not let herself sleep too deeply for fear of not awakening to his cries, or to the demands of her temperamental bladder. She didn’t know how long she napped, sitting upright on a marble bench, the door latching shut as someone departed must have roused her. Instantly she felt a sudden stab of urgency in her lap. Instinctively, as if she were in her bed and not in public, her hand shot between her legs. To her horror a beautiful young women sitting on the opposite bench, her only companion in the room now, was looking directly at her. She whipped her hand away from her complaining shell and blushed desperately. 

What was she to do? From experience Clara knew she would never make it the facility lavatories, even if she already knew where they were. She’d taken to having a chamber pot next to her bed, and she could often make it that far with dry nightclothes if she managed to wake in time, but could never reach another room with dry legs. 

So she was to have an accident then? In front of one of the fairest girls she could recall seeing? Who was still looking at her, curiously. Clara wished she hadn’t awoken and it had happened in her sleep. That was somehow always better. She hoped the beautiful girl would be kind. In her experience beauty and kindness seldom correlated. 

The least she could do was warn her, so she could avert her gaze, or leave quickly in disgust. “I’m dreadfully sorry,” Clara began. She could feel her bottom growing hot and wet as she spoke. She continued quickly “But I’ve lost control of my bladder.” 

Surprisingly the young woman didn’t look away at all. Clara could see her shock, but she was interested. Clara watched her watch the unfolding accident. Her pee saturated the seat of her gown and trickled down her bare legs, pooling around her feet and slowly finding its way to a drain in the centre of the floor. 

”I’m so sorry!” Clara offered. “I must have slept too deeply. Please don’t think too dreadfully of me.” 

”No! I’d never!” Amy met her eyes now. Clara’s accident had been exactly as she had imagined. Her imagination hadn’t caused it had it? No. That’s crazy. Her own bladder surged recklessly. If she was going to keep her own gown dry she needed to go on the floor now. Right now. 

She held it instead. Telling herself she couldn’t do that in front of Clara, faithlessly, “Actually… I’m in the same position. I can’t wait another minute.” 

”Oh no!” Clara stood up, the wet fabric clung to her bum and the back of her thighs. She took the three steps between their benches and held out her hand to the squirming woman. 

“Are you sure you can’t make it? I would walk with you?” Clara whispered soothingly. 

”I… no… it’s too late. I waited too long. If I stand up it’s all going to come flooding out…” Amy bit her lip tearfully. 

”That’s alright. Don’t cry!” Clara sat down next to Amy and lay her hand on Amy’s leg, gently stoking through the material of the rough gown. “I wet myself sometimes… you just saw me do it. Oh, please don’t be upset.” 

Amy welcomed the soft touch and soothing words from her companion, somehow, even through fabric, her hand on her thigh was sending sparks of excitement through her. Nearly as many as watching Clara pee in her clothes. Even though she’d chosen the inevitably, actually wetting would ruin the moment, the girl would leave. 

“How does it feel?” Amy whispered, “When it… happens.” 

”Oh. Well. It’s very wet. And very warm. And… relieving.” Clara lay Amy’s head against her shoulder. “I promise love, you’ll feel so much better.” 

“Does it feel like…” Amy blushed prettily, “like touching… down there… feels.” She couldn’t believe she could be so forward. But with another women it was permitted, surely. 

”A little, sometimes.” Clara admitted, as much to herself as Amy. Perhaps if Robert looked at her when it happened the way Amy did… “Is that what it feels like for you now?” 

”Very much…” Amy could barely stand the tension. Between her legs. Between this woman. She didn’t think. 

Clara wasn’t surprised when Amy’s lips met hers. It had seemed… inevitable since she’d sat down. The air was dense and static. She kissed back. With more passion than she’d felt in a very long time. It was just as inevitable that she would touch her companions thigh beneath her gown, her fingers finding their way between the heavy folds. And edge her hand ever higher as Amy’s trembling legs parted. She had never touched another woman like this before, her seed was harder and stiffer than Clara’s. 

“Does it feel like this does it?” Clara moved her fingers gently between Amy’s legs. 

Amy was transported. A being of pure tension, strung tight between expectation and desire. She could feel a paroxysm building… 

Clara stroked her companion quickly, urgently. Not at all like she would if she was just beginning to touch herself, but Amy was already so wet that Clara half suspected she must have been leaking. What could make this woman so hot? Was it… her? Clara had never thought of herself as attractive. Certainly not since pregnancy. Not since she’d started having accidents. But perhaps she just needed a different perspective… Amy’s eyes were drooping and she was breathing out ragged little pants of joy. Clara knew she must be on the brink of… simultaneously Amy let out a strangled yelp and arched her back, Clara held her on the bench with her free hand, her other hand was amidst a deluge. Far more urine than Clara was capable of holding flowed through her fingers like a tide. Clara held the other woman until both the paroxysm and the river had run their course. 

”There?” She purred, “That wasn’t so bad was it?” 

Amy looked at Clara, her pupils still dilated. Her mind lept and found footing in intention, “The world is wide, and I will not waste my life.” 

They left the bath together. 

###

Here is Kid_Omo's submission, titled: Sauna Standoff 

The cool air greeted Sandra as she walked through the automatic doors of the gym, a welcome reprieve from the heat of this unusually warm spring day. 

She cracked open her can of pre-workout energy drink. Sandra braced herself as she took a big gulp of the carbonated, heavily caffeinated, supplement. The cheery-sweet rocket pop theme on the can did little to undercut the bitter, chalky flavor of the liquid inside. It was bad, but Sandra figured it was a small price to pay for a sculpted physique. 

It was about 4 in the afternoon, so the gym wasn’t exactly packed, but there were still plenty of people around. This was how Sandra liked it, just enough to keep her focused, motivated, and safe, but not so many that people would bother her or make her wait for equipment. 

Sandra had been coming to this gym for close to a year now. It was large and offered a lot of amenities. She had managed to make a lot of progress since joining. 

As Sandra walked past the front desk, she saw a man in a maintenance uniform talking to the receptionist. The woman at the desk seemed confused and the man looked nervous. 

Sandra just shrugged and walked past. There was probably some equipment down, nothing for her to worry about. 

As she reached the locker room, Sandra chugged down the last of her energy drink. She cringed as the last bit of concentrated flavor stuck to her tongue. Sandra quickly cleansed her pallet with a large gulp from her water bottle. 

She looked down at her bottle. A third of its contents were already gone since leaving her house. That shouldn’t be a problem, the full bottle was close to a liter. Even if she did run out, there were fountains all around the building. 

Sandra carelessly shoved her duffel bag into a locker and got changed into her workout clothes- a red sleeveless shirt and black biker shorts with a red stripe down the side. 

Sandra’s ears perked up at the constant splatter sound of the showers. She suddenly became aware of a slight pressure in her lower abdomen. Those pre-workout drinks always went right through her. 

She paused for a moment to consider the toilet stalls around the corner, but decided against it. She didn’t want to waste any more time and potentially cool down. Besides, going too early risked breaking the seal and ruining her entire workout. Sandra was confident she could hold it through her entire routine. She’d done it before. 

With that settled, and her body starting to buzz from the energy drink, Sandra excitedly left the locker room to get this day started. 

A little over half an hour later, Sandra was deeply into her rhythm, her bladder the furthest thing from her mind. 

Midway through her set of rows, the generic rock music playing over the sound system was interrupted by a loud, shrill beep, breaking her focus. A woman’s voice came over the speakers, 

“Attention, gym patrons! Due to some emergency maintenance, the water supply to this building will be temporarily shut off in 10 minutes! This should not affect regular operations, but all fountains, showers, and similar utilities will be out of service during this time. Please take the next 10 minutes to make use of these facilities if you need them. Again, the water supply, and all related utilities, will be temporarily shutting off in 10 minutes! We apologize for any inconvenience.” 

That was weird, Sandra thought. That had never happened before. Usually work like that was done overnight. The announcement was so sudden, too. 

With her attention pulled off of her workout, Sandra became more aware of the world around her. The slight pressure from earlier had upgraded to a dull throb in her bladder. It still wasn’t an emergency, but it was enough for her to consider going to the bathroom, especially since she didn’t know when she would get her next chance to go. 

Sandra finished off her sets of rows, then stood up and wiped off the machine. She looked down at her stomach, considering her options for a moment. As much as she was reluctant to suspend her workout, the window of opportunity for a toilet break was closing. While she could probably still hold it much longer, Sandra decided it was better to be safe than sorry. 

She picked up her water bottle- which now only held about a fourth of its original contents- and walked to the locker room. 

Upon arrival, Sandra was greeted by a frustrating sight. The three functional stalls were already occupied, with a line of four other women waiting their turn, some looking more restless than others. 

Even in the best of circumstances, waiting her turn would take several minutes. Getting back to the locker room had already cut into her routine. If Sandra waited in this line, she would lose all momentum and basically have to start her workout all over. 

That thought, combined with the overwhelming splatter coming from the shower rooms, frustrated Sandra enough that she gave up on her pee break. 

With a huff, Sandra left the locker room. She stopped by a fountain to refill her water bottle and hurried back to the equipment. 

After a couple quick sets, Sandra was back into the trance of getting gains. As soon as she found her focus, it was ripped away from her as another announcement cut through the air. 

“Attention gym patrons! We will now be shutting off the water for emergency maintenance. It is estimated that this will take around 20 minutes. We will provide updates as we get more information. We apologize again for the inconvenience.” 

20 minutes? That was nothing. If Sandra had known the shutoff would be so short, she wouldn’t have wasted her time earlier. She knew everything would be just fine. That was, until Sandra stood up from her last set of lat pull downs. 

She wasn’t sure if it was the intensity of her workout, the new energy drink, or the knowledge that she had nowhere to go, but the urgency from Sandra’s bladder had increased immensely. It wasn’t a full-blown emergency yet, but it was enough that Sandra would usually make finding a bathroom her top priority. Unfortunately, that wasn’t an option now. 

Sandra checked her watch and noted the time. 20 minutes, that was all she needed to wait. 

As a precaution, Sandra started to slow down and decrease the intensity of her remaining exercises. She became much more mindful about taking sips from her now half-empty water bottle. She told herself she wasn’t afraid of having an accident, but there’s nothing wrong with being careful, right? 

In between sets, Sandra found herself moving a little more stiffly, keeping her thighs close together. She kept anxiously checking her watch, which only made the time pass more slowly. 

As the seconds trickled on, so, too, did the fluids entering Sandra’s bladder. Her urge was getting worse by the minute. She tried to remember if there was ever a time she had to pee this bad. 

Unfortunately, she could remember. It was just after she had started making an effort to get more active. She was on her longest run yet and it hit her all at once. She was as far from home as she could get. That time, she slipped into a park, positioned herself behind a bush, crouched down, and- 

Sandra shook her head as she snapped back to the present. That was not what she needed to be thinking about right now! The memory of that release only made things worse. She swore, she could feel all the urine pushing just at the edge of her urethra. 

Sandra shifted in place, frantically rubbing her legs together. She glanced around to make sure no one was looking. Sandra may not know many of the people here personally, but she still saw several of them regularly. She would hate to be known as the girl potty dancing on the main floor. 

A voice creeped into the back of Sandra’s head. ‘It would be even worse to be the girl who peed her pants.’ 

No! She couldn’t think like that! She could hold it! She had to! 

Sandra glanced at her watch again. About 8 minutes left. Easy. Just a few more light sets and she’d be in the clear. 

Perhaps feeling a little too confident, Sandra went over to the inclined bench. She figured she could finish up with another set of inclined sit-ups. Normally, this was a low-intensity, yet challenging, exercise. 
Things started out smoothly enough. 

1… 2… 3… 

She counted out her reps. 

4… 5… 6- 

Sandra froze as she got to the peak of her movement. Every muscle she could spare tensed up as the pressure on her pee hole rose to new heights. 

She looked around to make sure no one could see her. Once she knew she was in the clear, Sandra took her fight to the next level. She removed a hand from her head and squeezed down on her crotch, alleviating a lot of the pressure. 

After a worrying few moments, this desperate wave subsided. Sandra removed her hand and uncurled herself to finish that rep. 

Sandra hung there for a moment, evaluating her situation. The desperate spike had passed. Her bladder was still stretched, but it was a nagging urge, not an urgent emergency. 

This was when Sandra made another mistake. She wanted to get to 15 to finish her set. She thought she had enough control to keep going. 

7… 8… 9… 10… 

Sandra moved slower and controlled her motion better. Everything seemed fine. 

11… 12… 13… 14… 15- 

Just as Sandra started her last rep, she felt it! A hot jet of pee burst out of her, dampening the seat of her underwear! 

That was all that came out this time, but Sandra knew a warning shot when she felt one. 

The voice in her head returned ‘Which is more embarrassing? Wetting your pants at the gym, or having to clean your own pee off the equipment?’ 

No, no, no! Sandra yelled at herself. She was not going to think like that! 

Sandra decided that was good for this particular workout. She unhooked her legs and carefully slid off the bench. As she got to her feet, Sandra nervously examined the bench. Thankfully, it seemed the only fluid she left on it was her sweat. She cleaned it off. 

Subtly shaking her hips, Sandra checked her watch once more. Less than 5 minutes. The home stretch. She could do this! 

Sandra briefly considered waiting by the stalls for the staff to give the go-ahead that the water was back on, but she worried the sight of a toilet right now would be too tempting. 

As a compromise, Sandra went over to a section of yoga mats laid out near the locker rooms. She proceeded to stretch very, very carefully. Her limited range of motion meant the stretches were barely effective, but she didn’t care. All Sandra needed right now was to look busy while she waited for this ‘emergency maintenance’ to end. 

Finally, the familiar beep sounded over the intercom. Sandra froze in place. She wanted to dash into the locker room right now and be the first one at the toilets, but she was afraid to jump the gun. 

Sandra was glad she didn’t move. The announcement was not what she expected. It was also the last thing she wanted to hear: 

“Attention gym patrons! We have just received word that there were unexpected complications. Unfortunately, this means the water will remain shut off until further notice. Due to this, the gym will be closed to the public for the rest of the day. We ask that you finish your activities and exit the building by 5:30! Again, the gym will be closed for the rest of the day, please finish your activities and clean up in the next 30 minutes. We apologize for the inconvenience.” 

There were faint groans from around the gym, but Sandra couldn’t hear them over the sound of her screaming internally. 

Until further notice? Everything’s still shut down? Why couldn’t they announce that sooner? 

There weren’t any public restrooms nearby. 

Even worse, Sandra had ridden her bike to the gym. In the best of circumstances, she had a 10 to 15 minute ride home. These were not the best of circumstances. 

Putting aside the major complications of riding a bike with an overfilled bladder, Sandra didn’t think she had that much time! 

Sandra took in a deep breath and tried to organize her thoughts. Sure, a bathroom was out of the question, but there had to be another option. 

She was in the middle of the city in broad daylight, so outdoors wasn’t an option. Her water bottle was still a third of the way full. It probably wouldn’t be able to contain her full flood. Even if it could, she would need a private space to fill it up. This gym had to have something… 

That’s it! There was a pool! Sure, it was gross, but other people did it, too, right? And this was an emergency. Besides, they were probably going to have to drain and clean it after today. No one would ever know. 

Sandra walked as casually as she could to sneak a glance at the pool area. Sure enough, there were still people inside swimming laps and playing around. There was time! 

The sight of splashing water didn’t help Sandra’s current condition, but she had hope. This hope gave her the strength to keep holding just a bit longer. 

The rules for the pool required a proper swimsuit. Sandra would get in trouble if she tried to dive in dressed in her workout clothes, but that wasn’t a problem. 

Sandra was a bit of a forgetful person. As a result, she always made sure to pack her gym bag with all the gear she would need for any routine. That included a swimsuit. 

With a plan in mind and the clock ticking, Sandra quickly ducked into the locker room. Avoiding the temptation to look at the forbidden sanctuary of the toilets, Sandra hurried to her locker. 

Sandra danced from foot to foot as she frantically dug through her bag. It was messy and she had a hard time finding anything on a normal day. The fact that her brain was currently floating didn’t help. It took a minute, but Sandra finally found her tight, white, athletic top and bikini trunks. 

Now, she just had to get changed. 

Sandra was able to change her top easily enough. Her shorts would be another story. 

Sandra took a deep breath and clenched her kegels as tightly as she could in order to lean over and part her legs to remove her shorts and socks. Everything was still under control. Now, for her underwear. 

As soon as Sandra’s panties were down, she felt a torrent of pee rushing down her urethra. A few drops started to slip out as Sandra’s hand shot to her crotch. She gripped down as hard as she could, writhing in place to try and keep some semblance of control. 

It was like her entire body was shouting at her, ‘Why aren’t you peeing? Your pants are down, that means it’s time to go, right? Just pee!’ 

For a moment, Sandra contemplated relenting to her body’s protests. There was a drain on the floor, the flooring was waterproof, what could it really hurt? 

But there were other women in the locker room, women who Sandra saw often. Best case scenario, they laugh at her and she gets a reputation for having accidents. Worst case scenario, they report her to the staff and she gets banned from the gym. 

As this moment of weakness subsided, Sandra quickly hiked up her bikini bottoms. She subtly looked around the room. It didn’t seem like anyone had seen her desperate performance just then. At least, no one was acknowledging it. 

As soon as her swimsuit was on, Sandra snatched a towel and hurried to the pool. Relief was within reach, she just had to hold on a little longer. 

Sandra took careful steps, making sure to keep her thighs pressed together. Any slack in her stance would cause her to leak. It was a delicate dance. She had to hurry, but any sudden movements might cause her to burst. Every thud of Sandra’s bare feet against the cold linoleum floor sent shockwaves through her body. 

None of that mattered anymore. It was all about to be over. She was so close. 

Sandra rounded the corner… just in time to see one of the gym staff locking the door to the pool! 

Her heart sank. Sandra’s eyes started to water. She wasn’t sure if it was out of frustration or all the pent up liquids in her system. 

What now? It wasn’t like she could ask the guy to unlock the pool so she could pee in it. What if she lied and said she wanted to swim laps? Not a chance. The pool area was empty and it was almost closing time. 

Sandra ducked behind the corner before the staff member could see her. She didn’t want to risk having to explain her situation. 

Sandra went back into the locker room, looking around in a panic. She had to find something, anything, to save her from an accident. 

With a very slight hope, she took a look at the toilets. Sure, they couldn’t flush, but she could still relieve herself into one. It was just pee, it wouldn’t be that bad. 

Unfortunately, she saw someone in a maintenance uniform examining the pipes near the stalls. Not only did this mean the toilets weren’t an option, but the sinks and floor drains were off limits, too. 

Sandra moved on to the showers. Maybe she could squat over one of the drains? 

No chance. The showers were taped off, and there were more maintenance people nearby. 

What about the drain in the changing room? 

There were still some women hanging around getting changed and talking, clearly not in a hurry. 

Sandra swallowed nervously. 

The voice in her head returned, ‘If you just give up now, it’ll all be over. No one would blame you.’ 

Sandra refused. She couldn’t give up now. She had fought so hard to last this long. She couldn’t let her efforts go to waste. 

Sandra was tough and resourceful. There had to be another option. The pool was out. Employee restrooms were off limits. The studios wouldn’t help. 

Finally, it hit her. There was a sauna! 

The gym offered a wet sauna for relaxation and recovery. It warmed up and evaporated water to create steam. Surely, it could evaporate pee, too! 

…Well, maybe not, but it would be wet enough in there that a little extra moisture shouldn’t be that noticeable. 

It was far from an ideal solution, but it was Sandra’s last resort. She was desperate. All she had to do was get to the sauna, drain herself all over the floor, and get the hell out of there before anyone notices. No one would have to know. 

Sandra grabbed her towel and walked over to the sauna. It was a co-ed sauna, open to all members. 

Next to the door, there was a sign taped to the wall that had clearly been typed up by some tired employee: 

“For the consideration of all guests and staff, 

Appropriate clothing must be worn in the sauna at all times” 

Fortunately, swimsuits were considered appropriate clothing. 

The sauna also had a maximum time limit of 20 minutes. That was no problem. Sandra wouldn’t need nearly that long. 

Sandra opened the door and was greeted by a wave of warm, humid air. She was also greeted by the sight of five other people already sitting in the sauna. 

This was frustrating, but it was manageable. Everyone else had already been in here for a while, they would have to leave sometime soon. All Sandra had to do was wait it out until she was alone. Then, she could pull her pants aside and let it all gush out over the floor, feeling the incredible relief- 

Sandra shook her head and twisted her legs together. She had to stay focused, it wasn’t time to let it out yet. 

Sandra sat down in an empty spot on the bench on the right side of the sauna. The warm seat felt strangely nice in her current situation. 

Sandra let her towel drop off her shoulders and fall around her, leaving her sat there in only her swimsuit. This didn’t bother her. She had worked hard to get this body. She had strong legs, defined arms, and great abs. The only thing Sandra was embarrassed of was this large, rock-hard bump just below her abs. 

The sauna felt nice. Sandra had been in here a few times before. Any other day, she would lean back on the bench, spread out, and relax. Unfortunately, relaxing was pretty much impossible right now, and stretching out or leaning back would be very dangerous. 

Instead, she was sitting bolt upright with her legs clasped tightly together. She had to strike a balance between subtlety and practicality. She couldn’t grab herself or squirm and let everyone see how desperate she was, but she had to do something or she would leak. As a compromise, both of Sandra’s hands rested on top of her lap, trying to find some way to apply more pressure. Every so often, Sandra shifted her position and pressed her hands a little deeper into her crotch. 

The cool condensation forming on Sandra’s skin, right over her stretched bladder, felt so weird. It was like tiny fingers running their way over her stomach. She could feel herself sweating. How Sandra wished she could just sweat out her full bladder. 

Sandra looked around the room to see if she could estimate how much longer she needed to wait for the others to clear out. There were three younger people- maybe teenagers- sitting together and talking. They looked tired. A middle aged man was leaned over, sweating heavily, on the other side of the bench. He wouldn’t be much longer. The last person was an older man. Sandra couldn’t get a read on how long he had been there. All things considered, Sandra judged that she would be left alone before too much longer. 

The occasional hiss of water being automatically added to the heater was grating on Sandra’s mind. She wanted so badly for that to be her water sizzling away. Unfortunately, it would be impossible for her to aim her stream that far, even if there weren’t a grate over the heater. 

Sandra scanned the room while she waited for it to clear out. She wanted to find the best spot to empty herself now so she could start as soon as she had the chance. 

She briefly considered pulling her bikini aside and peeing on the bench. At that point, it wouldn’t be much different from wetting herself. Besides, the benches were wooden, so the urine might soak in. That was a no-go. 

The door had a small glass window. While the steam fogged it up, Sandra didn’t want to take the risk of her privates being on full display to anyone passing by. Thankfully, she couldn’t see any cameras in or around the sauna. That meant she only had to worry about people coming into the room after she started. 

There wasn’t a lot of floor space, but Sandra figured she could safely crouch down between the benches and the heater. Her best bet would be to use the corner. That way, the heater would hide her from anyone looking through the window, and she shouldn’t run the risk of getting the heater wet. 

She had a spot and a plan, now all Sandra needed to do was wait. And wait she did… 

After maybe 5 minutes, the group of teenagers got up and left. The middle aged man quietly walked out a few minutes later. 

Now, all Sandra needed was to outlast this old man. Good. He definitely couldn’t stay much longer. 

Then, Sandra would be free to squat down, pull her pants down, and let it all out- 

Sandra was forced back into reality by a short spurt dampening her trunks. She shivered and tensed up her entire body. No time for daydreaming, not while she’s this close. 

Then the door opened again. 

A short young woman sheepishly entered the sauna. She had a towel tightly wrapped around herself. She slowly looked between the two occupants of the sauna. She almost looked scared. 

The woman closed the door, but lingered in the entrance for a little while longer. Sandra heard the woman quietly whimper as she shifted from one foot to the other. For a second, Sandra thought she was going to turn back around and leave. 

After a second, the girl walked over to the bench opposite Sandra and stepped up, sitting down on the higher bench. The girl couldn’t sit still. Sandra watched as she shifted in place, grinding her butt into the bench. The way she closed off her body made her look even smaller. The woman had one hand carefully clutching the towel closed over her chest while the other sat heavily on her lap. Her ankles were crossed and her feet restlessly rubbed against one another. 

If Sandra didn’t know any better, she would say this girl was also bursting... 

No, she was probably just self-conscious. She looked new to the gym. 

Sandra grit her teeth. This newcomer was just going to add to her wait time. Still, she was young, nervous, and new. She probably wouldn’t last too long in the damp heat. 

Three more minutes and Sandra’s thighs were starting to cramp up from being tensed for so long. She pressed her right palm firmly into the front of her bikini, using her left hand to cover it. She was warm, sweaty, and thirsty, but none of that mattered. The only thing that mattered right now was preventing her pee from coming out until she was alone. 

Finally, the old man got up. He nodded to both the women and said “Have a nice evening.” before leaving. 

Now, there was only one more obstacle. Sandra just had to outlast this random new girl. 

Sandra chewed the inside of her cheek in frustration. The new girl was already turning red. She was staring downward, her eyes out of focus. Her hands were balled into fists on the bench next to her. The woman kept shifting on the spot and her feet were fidgeting. Surely, she couldn’t last much longer. 

This was so annoying. If this girl wasn’t here, Sandra would be unleashing the contents of her bladder all over the floor already. Instead, she was still waiting. 

It would be a lie to say Sandra was at her limit. No, she had reached her limit more than 10 minutes ago. Right now, she was teetering on the precipice of disaster. At this rate, Sandra was sure she would lose control the second she stood up. 

A part of Sandra wanted to yell at this woman to get out and give her some privacy. Maybe if she tried to disguise it as advice? Tell the girl not to spend too long in the sauna? 

No. Even now, Sandra didn’t want to be that person giving unsolicited advice in the gym. 

Maybe she could ask for help? Explain the situation and politely ask for some alone time? 

What was she thinking? What would she say? 

“You know this room where people sit and relax in steam? Well, I want to pee here because I’m about to wet my pants like a little kid after ignoring multiple warnings. So could you please look away and not report me for defacing gym property? Thanks!” 

Yeah, not a chance. 

Whatever Sandra was going to do, she needed to do it fast. She could feel cracks forming in the dam. 

A gentle dribble began to work its way past her lips. 

Sandra gasped and twisted her legs together. She writhed and slipped her left hand in between her thighs. After a few seconds, Sandra had managed to contain the flow, but not unharmed. She could feel a trickle of urine dripping down the inside of her leg. 

Sandra looked across the room and saw the other girl looking at her! Their eyes met. Sandra felt so embarrassed. She hoped she wasn’t being too obvious. The woman’s eyes were wide and concerned. That only made Sandra feel worse. 

Time seemed to freeze as both women held eye contact in that damp sauna. Sandra was frozen in place. The other girl was constantly shifting around. It really felt like one of them should say something. 

The stalemate was broken by the door opening again. Both women instantly whipped their heads around to see who it was. If Sandra had to wait for another person to leave, she was going to explode. 

Thankfully, it wasn’t someone wanting to use the sauna. Instead, a young man in a staff uniform stood in the door, looking down at his clipboard. He looked at the two women and put on a customer service smile. 

“Sorry to intrude. Just checking in. The gym is closing in about 10 minutes, so could you try and finish up soon? Thanks!” 

He nodded awkwardly and left. 

Finish up soon? Sandra wanted nothing more than to do that. If only she didn’t have an audience! 

Another leak further dampened Sandra’s swimsuit. Whatever she was going to do, she needed to do it quickly. She wasn’t sure if she could walk, much less leave the gym, in her condition. One way or the other, she was peeing right here. She would really prefer if it wasn’t in her pants. 

Another leak. This time, it lasted for a full second. Sandra could feel it on her hand. Privacy may not be an option anymore! What could she do about this girl? What should she say? 

Sandra was startled out of her thoughts by a hiss of steam rising from the heater. She jumped just a little. That little bit was all it took to upset her delicate equilibrium. 

A light, persistent stream of pee began to come out. 

Sandra tried to clench down and stop it, but it was no use. The fatigue had gotten to her. Sandra had no more strength to give. This was happening, and it was happening now! 

Sandra groaned before shouting “Screw this!” to the humid room. 

She stood up and slid her thumbs under the waistband of her bikini. As soon as she did, the floodgates burst open. The intensity of the stream in Sandra’s trunks increased exponentially. She wasn’t leaking anymore. She was peeing her pants! 

She didn’t even try to stop it anymore. It was a lost cause at this point. This was damage control. All Sandra could do was try to salvage some bit of her dignity. 

Sandra took two steps over to the corner and squatted down while pulling down her swimsuit. 

Her pee exploded out of her, shooting into the wall and hitting the floor with a loud splatter. 

Sandra shifted her feet for better balance. She looked down to check her footing and saw the damage. The entire seat of her bikini was totally dark. She had several tendrils of urine winding down both legs. Pee was splashing all over her bare feet. 

Sandra whimpered, crouching frozen in the corner while her torrent echoed throughout the foggy room. This wasn’t urination at this point, it was full-blown muscle failure. Her bladder was still stretched far beyond its normal limits even after violently voiding for several seconds. The pain far exceeded any pleasure she could be feeling right now. 

After about 10 seconds, Sandra regained her senses. She turned her head to the side and looked around. The young woman was still in the same spot. She was looking down with her eyes tightly shut. She wasn’t really who Sandra was worried about. This girl already knew what was happening. 

Sandra watched the window out of the corner of her eye. She knew she wouldn’t be able to stop, even if someone were to walk in, but she wanted to be aware. 

Despite the ambient heat in the room, Sandra shivered. Goosebumps formed all over her body. She did her best to suppress a moan, but the relief was too powerful. She let out a deep hum as she felt the pressure decrease. 

For nearly a minute, the sauna was dead silent, save for the deafening roar of Sandra’s downpour slamming into the floor. 

Slowly, gradually, the stream began to die down. It went from a loud splatter, to a concentrated trickle, to a light tinkle, and, finally, to a small drip. Sandra pushed a few more powerful bursts out of her. She wanted to make sure she was entirely empty after this. 

Once she was sure there was nothing left to give, Sandra began to feel self-conscious. She turned her focus to the wall to evaluate the aftermath of her deluge. 

The inside of her upper thighs were totally soaked, her calves and feet were covered in droplets, even her trunks weren’t spared the wrath of a few more stray sprays. The puddle she left covered the entire floor beneath her. It dominated the corner of the sauna and reached all the way to the base of the electric heater. Good thing that was in a protective case. 

In a way, Sandra was almost proud to see just how much she had built up inside her. At least her pee was clear. That was supposed to be a good thing, right? 

Sandra realized she had nothing to wipe with. Looking at her swimsuit, she realized she didn’t care. The crotch and butt were entirely drenched. If it weren’t for the dry waistband, she could realistically say she had gone swimming. 

Sandra pulled her trunks up, the wet squish of the fabric meeting her damp nether regions in an odd clash that sent another shiver through her. 

Her feet splashed in the puddle of her own making as she went to grab her towel. Sandra tried to dry off her legs as much as possible, hoping it wouldn’t be totally obvious she had just pissed all over herself when she left. 

Then, Sandra remembered something. There was someone else in the sauna. 

She awkwardly looked at the other woman. These two hadn’t said a single word to one another, and Sandra had just whipped down her pants and peed right in front of her. What a hell of a first impression. 

The woman was still sitting in the same spot. She was looking down with eyes tightly closed. She was biting her lip. Sandra could see the girl quivering. 

Sandra felt the need to say something. She wasn’t sure what she could say, but it wasn’t like she could embarrass herself any more. 

“Hey, it’s fine. You can open your eyes now.” She said. 

The girl let out a pathetic whimper. She didn’t look up. She didn’t move. Her quivering stopped. Then, it happened. 

The small room was once again filled with a loud hissing sound. This time, it wasn’t Sandra. 

Before long, the towel over the woman’s lap began to darken. A thin sheen of yellowish liquid spread out from underneath her, covering the bench. In seconds, several thin trickles began to pour over the edge of the bench, down to the seat below. The trickles gradually merged into two thick waterfalls on either side of this poor girl. These split falls formed a reservoir around the girl’s clenched feet. 

Thinking quickly, Sandra turned away and stood in front of the door, trying to block as much of the window as possible. She may not be able to save this woman from an accident, but she could at least try to spare her any extra shame. 

Eventually, the hissing stopped. The room continued to echo with drips as fluids fell from one level to the next. Turning around, Sandra saw a pitiful sight. 

The bottom bench was covered in a large puddle, centered around the woman’s feet. There was another, smaller, circle of piss where she sat. A small pool of urine swirled in between the girl’s clenched thighs as she shook. 

It was tough to tell from the sweat and steam, but Sandra thought she saw tears under the girl’s eyes. Sandra couldn’t stand seeing her like this. She had to try something. 

“Why didn’t you say something earlier? It would have saved us both a lot of trouble.” Sandra tried to joke. 

The woman gasped in surprise and looked up at Sandra. Sandra wasn’t sure if her face was red from the heat, the embarrassment, or both. 

“Are you ok?” Sandra asked. 

The girl barely managed to squeak out a meek “Uh-huh.” 

“...Did you get it all out?” Sandra mindlessly blurted out. 

Despite all odds, the woman turned a deeper shade of red. She looked down without responding. 

Sandra sighed and nudged the girl’s shoulder. 

“Hey, it’s fine. We were both in the same boat… On choppy waters, apparently.” Sandra forced a laugh. 

The woman didn’t respond. 

“I’m Sandra.” She reached out her hand, not sure what else to do. 

The woman looked up again. She seemed slightly calmer. 

“Abby.” She answered, her voice quiet and mousey. 

Abby reached out and shook Sandra’s hand. There was a squishing sound. Sandra realized both of their hands were covered in pee. That didn’t matter. It wasn’t like things could get much worse. 

Sandra grabbed her towel and offered it to Abby, seeing as her towel was barely usable at this point. 

Abby unwrapped herself from her drenched towel and awkwardly slid off the bench. Her feet hit the floor with a wet slap. She gratefully accepted Sandra’s towel. 

This was the first time Sandra got a good look at the young woman. She was short and slightly chubby, not too big, though. Abby was only wearing a gray sports bra on top. Below that, she had on a pair of loose blue shorts. The shorts were a little wet on the crotch, but completely soaked down the back. 

“Now what?” Abby asked as she did her best to dry off. 

“Now we get the hell out of here before anyone realizes what we did. We get changed, leave, and pretend nothing ever happened.” 

“Um…” Abby started, “I don’t have any spare…” She didn’t finish her thought. Instead, she reached a thumb into her shorts and presented the band of a pink pair of panties. 

Sandra squared up and began closely examining Abby’s body. She heard Abby whimper. 

“They may be a little tight, but I have an extra pair that should fit you.” Sandra concluded. 

“R-really?” 

“Yeah. Now let’s get out of here already. I’m starting to feel dizzy.” 

The two women carefully checked the hallway before exiting the sauna. Once they were in the clear, they quickly left and hurried to the locker room. 

Thankfully, it was close enough to closing time that they were basically alone in the changing area. 

Sandra grabbed her gym bag out of her locker and set it down next to Abby. 

After getting out her street clothes, Sandra bent down and ripped off her damp bikini bottoms. 

She heard a faint “Eep!” as Abby turned away. 

“What? It’s not like I have anything you haven’t seen before.” Sandra muttered, jokingly. 

Sandra quickly ran a towel over her privates before putting on her panties and jeans. 

By the time she got her bra and t-shirt on, Abby had changed into her baggy t-shirt and was just starting to pull down her shorts. 

“Here.” Sandra said, tossing Abby a spare pair of underwear from her bag. 

Abby caught them and unfolded them. “Boxers?” She asked. 

“Yeah. They’re comfortable.” Sandra shrugged. 

Abby quietly took off her stained pink panties and tried to wipe herself off with what little dry space was left on her towel. She slipped the boxers on, followed quickly by her blue jeans. 

“You know, they are comfortable.” Abby muttered. 

Sandra chuckled. “Feel free to keep that pair. Pro tip: always bring a spare pair of underwear to the gym. Especially if you plan to get into heavy lifting.” 

“Wait, really?” 

“Just as a precaution!” Sandra shouted, realizing she may have said too much. 

The women joined the small group of stragglers leaving the gym. After they got out of the door, the receptionist locked it. 

Sandra and Abby looked at each other. It looks like they got away with it. 

“So… where are you off to now?” Sandra asked, awkwardly. 

“Well, my roommate will be here to pick me up in about 15 minutes. So, I guess I’m waiting here. You?” 

“I rode my bike here. I… don’t really have anything else to do today.” 

Sandra cleared her throat. “There’s a smoothie stand near here that makes some great supplement blends. We could… grab some and wait here together? You know, to make sure nothing happens.” 

For the first time that day, Sandra heard Abby giggle. 

“Deal. But let’s get the small size, ok?” 

###

Here is Tellnoone's submission, titled: Winter Sauna 

The snow squeaked under my feet as I walked from the bus stop down to the small club house. I looked forward to a relaxing time with some of the other ski club members. The winter night was peaceful, and away from the city lights the stars were so much more visible on the sky. Just like last time I was here a couple of weeks ago. Oh, the thought of that night brought back sweet memories.

Peter, Jennie and Billy were already in the sauna, so I quickly changed into my swimwear, grabbed a beer, and went in there. 

There was no running water in this place. No bathroom. Usually we just went outside, around the corner to pee. I preferred to do it while I was swimming in the lake though, and I´m pretty sure I wasn´t the only one.

But there would be no swimming today. The lake was just a huge flat surface covered with snow, and the ice so thick we would have needed a chainsaw to make a hole in it, so to cool us down we´d just have to roll in the snow. 

I looked out the window. Fresh snow on the ground covered what I did there last time. I had been holding my pee in all night out of laziness, and then right before we were leaving, the idea just struck me. I waited until the others had gone to change, and then I had sneaked out to the snowy beach one last time. I don´t know if you have ever done this kind of winter sauna thing. The thing is, when your body has been in the heat for such a long time you can be outside for a while without too much discomfort. But that time I had another thing on my mind. I don´t usually engage in omo activities among friends but I just couldn´t resist. I sat down on my bum and relaxed, peeing right through my swimsuit. The pee felt so hot as a contrast to the snow, and I kept the flow going in a constant stream until empty. I could feel myself sinking deeper down in the snow as the pee made it melt. I stayed there a few seconds, enjoying the silence, then I got up and rubbed myself with some snow to clean up a bit, before I went back in to change before heading home. Even if the whole bikini bottom was damp from the snow there was still an obvious pee-soaked patch reaching from the front to the back between my legs, and I felt naughty and nervous trying to cover it from the others in the changing room. 

That had been awesome, but I shouldn´t be doing it tonight again, I thought to myself. I should just go and squat behind the corner like the others. Yes, I´d definitely do that. 

We had a great time, discussing everything from politics to gossips from our last camp, and then every now and then we went out all together to cool ourselves down with the icy cold, yet so smooth snow outside.

After a while, Peter and Jennie who had both been there longer than me and Billy decided that they had enough and wanted to drive home. They offered me and Billy a ride home, but we weren’t satisfied yet. We had still one beer left to drink and were in the middle of debating what album with the Smiths was the most classic one. 

I knew Billy had been behind the corner right after I came here, two or three hours ago. No, I´m not a creep keeping count on my friend’s toilet behaviors, it just… gets noticed. How long had It been since I went? That was back home, probably four hours ago. Now after three beers and lots of water, even if I had been sweating a lot of it out, it was not a surprise that I started to feel a need to pee. And with that feeling comes… Other urges. Excitement. Pleasurable tingling in certain areas of the body. 

I wasn´t attracted to Billy, and I knew I wasn´t his type either. He was just a friend. A bit stupid and annoying sometimes but that could also lead to interesting cheerful arguments. So this had nothing to do with him, but… Just sitting here, with a filling bladder starting to poke the right buttons from the inside, slowly squeezing my legs together... It became hot. That kind of burning hotness that could be mistaken for a small pee leak, even when I know it´s just another kind of wetness.

My omo mind was on overload. The memories of my sneaky wetting last time started rolling in my head again. Suddenly my plans of not doing it again was far away. I wanted to wet. This pee, still contained in my bladder, craved to pass through fabric.

I wasn´t yet so desperate that it showed. I´m pretty good at hiding it until I´m really on the verge. If I squirmed a bit now when Billy looked away it was only because it felt so good. 

We had changed our topic to Radiohead and it turned out to be an even longer discussion. The Bends had been one of the first albums I bought (yes, kids, once upon a time you actually bought expensive records in a store, and listened to the same one all day long until you could afford to buy another one next month.) and there was nothing like it. Billy didn´t agree. He said the Bends was too simple, and there was so much more soul and heart behind Ok computer. 

Once again – I’m not a creep (no pun intended), but I couldn´t help but notice Billy tensing up a bit. He was starting to look very restless, and sometimes looking out the windows, losing track of what we were talking about. 

He was holding it on purpose. He must be. There was no pee shyness in that guy, I had seen him peeing on the side of the road several times during ski trips. Why was he holding it? I didn´t understand.

Soon his moves weren´t so subtle anymore. He drifted away. I swear, I did my best not to stare, and just keep on talking, pretending like nothing, but hey, I knew all those signals, and that guy was bursting.

After a while we both turned silent. Me with a comfortably full bladder and doing my best not to show my amusement with the situation. Him shifting around with a nervous look on his face, and then suddenly he just jumped up. 

“Gotta piss”, he said, and jumped down, hurrying outside. As soon as I was alone, I took the opportunity to put a hand in my crotch, and rub myself just slightly outside of the bikini bottom. It felt fantastic, but a bit embarrassing too. Billy would return any second, so I stopped myself before the point of no return, feeling the blood pulsating, unsatisfied. Fuck this, stop being such a perv, I said to myself, and in that moment the door opened. Ok, this thing I´m not sure about but… I´m pretty sure there was a small darker patch in the front of his trunks. I just don´t think he really made it on time… And I would lie if I said I didn´t care about it, and that I didn´t have to force my eyes not to repeatedly make their way to that possible dark streak. 

Alright, I needed to find a new topic to talk about, to make me think of something else than my friend´s possible accidental spurt, and my own growing desperation. I tried. And I failed. And then Billy started talking instead.

“What´s wrong with you? Don´t you ever pee?”, he said. I knew it. That was the reason he had held it. He had noticed I didn´t go all night and it must have annoyed him for some reason.

“I just haven´t been needing to go.”

“I don´t believe it. You´re just holding it to proof that women can hold it for longer than men”.

“Billy, what the fuck!” I knew so well he was just trying to provoke. He wasn´t an asshole and he did share most of my values, still he sometimes joked about my dedication to feminist issues, and my strong reactions when someone made ridiculous assumptions on gender differences. I remembered that time on the party when Billy got that stupid idea about drinking “gender equality shots” with me, actually filling a slightly bigger glass for me each time, and those were so many times I can´t count as he was waiting for me to give up. Well, I got drunk, that´s true. But I didn´t get waisted and puking all night long like my dear gender equal male friend. I used to tease him a lot about that event afterwards. 

But let´s just say I stepped into his trap this time.

“Alright Billy. If men were better at holding their pee than women, how come you´re the one who just about wet his pants 5 minutes ago, while I´m just sitting here in peace not even needing to go? “

At least I´m sure that if we weren´t already so hot from the sauna he was blushing when I said that thing about him wetting his pants. His eyes made a short little look down at his crotch as if to see if something still showed.

“Alright. But you must admit you need to pee now. Or do you just pee right where you´re sitting?” 

I was the one to blush now. Not because of embarrassment, but because his words made my private parts go crazy. The idea of me just letting go where I was sitting on the wooden sauna deck… The pee forming a lake between my thighs, slowly running over the edge, and splashing down to the floor. Of course, it´s something super gross I would never do, but the thought of doing it right there…

In the very same moment that thought crossed my mind the psychological grip of my bladder slipped. I felt hotness in my urethra and just in time managed to stop a leak from coming out. 

“Stop this bullshit now, how old are you?” I said. 

“Come on. You don´t need to proof anything anymore. You must be bursting!”

Billy just smiled, waiting for an answer. Oh god, why were we even having this conversation, could it be… No. I knew him too well, he had no sexual interest in this. He was just being old good annoying Billy. For some reason he had managed to thread directly into one of my most private spots, and I must not let it show. I couldn´t tell him that I held my pee in just because it felt so good and that I wanted to wet myself as soon as I got the chance.

“Actually I just don´t really need to go. Not at all. I can easily hold it until we get home”.

I regretted what I just said. Why didn´t I just give up? Even if it had been some unofficial holding competition between us, I would have won it long ago. Why didn´t I just go and pee? Maybe it was the beer, that made me too proud, stupid and overconfident. Maybe I actually believed I could hold it long enough to get off the bus, reach my own house, kick my shoes off in the hallway and then just go into the bathtub in the last second, before everything came pouring down my jeans in sweet relief. 

Or maybe I actually liked the excitement of this. The thought of not making it. The challenge. 

I had been pretty comfortable so far, but after our next and last bath in the snow I was actually getting so desperate that I couldn´t think straight. Billy asked me when the buses were leaving, because I use to know that, but now I just didn´t remember. He checked his phone and said we should hurry up and get changed. I knew I should just go and pee now, but I still didn´t. I had told Billy I wasn´t desperate at all, hadn´t I? And I didn´t want to waste such a good hold on a normal boring peeing on the ground.

With full concentration I went into one of the cubicles in the changing room. The pee heavy in my stomach. As I janked my bikini bottom down there was a confusion in the brain-bladder connection. “Great, we´re in the bathroom” the bladder seemed to think, and before I could stop it a trickle ran down my leg. I wiped it up with my towel, for a moment thinking about putting the towel between my legs and pee into it like a diaper… But Billy was right next to me in the other cubicle and I was too scared he would hear the noise of it and catch me in the act. 

Putting on my dry panties without having had relief felt just so wrong. Then the leggings.

I slightly rubbed myself, as silent as I could. It made the urges go away, and I could have cum on the spot, but that would make me start breathing weirdly, and I knew an intense orgasm could make me leak too. I put my light blue jeans on instead. Could barely button them with all this pee inside of me. I now had three layers. That would secure me from showing a small leak, but the spasms I was having now were getting stronger. Bending down to put my shoes on was a struggle, and now the urge for relief was so strong that I finally decided to give up and go pee in the darkness of the ditch before the bus came. 

But Billy was already outside waiting for me. “The bus is coming already, come on”. He was right. The bus was a few minutes early and I saw the headlights up the road. 

I don´t know, maybe I didn´t have time to think, but I joined Billy speed walking to the bus stop, even if it meant a slowly dribbling warmth in my underwear with every third step. And then we stopped. The bus went over the hill coming towards us. And now standing still the biggest desperation wave suddenly hit me. A two second spurt in my pants. And another one. It was unstoppable. I was going to wet myself. Now. Right in front of Billy, and the bus that just slowed down, stopped and opened its door in front of us. I didn´t want it to happen. Not like this. In panic I put a hand inside my pocket, and I´m usually not so fast with ideas but this time I was and it saved my ass… well, for the moment. 

“Fuck! I forgot my phone in the changing room, gotta go back and get it and take the next bus, you go ahead, see you on Tuesday…“ The words streamed out of my mouth faster than the pee slowly in shorts spurts soaked the inside of my leggings, probably already starting to make a dark spot in the crotch of my jeans. I didn’t dare looking down to check it out. Billy fortunately only looked at my face.

“Yeah, yeah. See you then!” he sighed, a little bit tired of me since it happens pretty often that I forget my belongings somewhere. He turned his back against me and got on the bus. I started walking the other direction, still clenching all my muscles. But as the bus went, so did also all the last of my will power to stay dry. This was it. I just stood there on the side of the road, as over one liter of pee flooded my pants in half a minute. The patches spread and it was running straight through the fabric in hot rivers, steaming in the cool air. It was amazing. So warm against the cold. I felt so calm and relaxed. But it soon changed. 

For fucks sake. What had I done? My jeans were soaked, with just a perfect evenly shaped pee stain reaching all the way from the crotch down the inside of my legs. My ass was soaked as well. I had hat kind of beautiful wet patch that even to an untrained eye can only mean one thing. That woman just totally pissed her pants. At least I was alone. Thank god I was alone. 

Walking back to the clubhouse the wetness against my skin wasn´t that warm anymore. I was happy I did have the keys, and didn´t have to stay out in the cold. But I couldn´t go directly inside. My shoes were filled with pee, and the feet dripping as I stepped out of the shoes. I took my socks off, sticked my feet barefoot into the snow and then I walked into the house. My now ice cold jeans were clinging to my legs, and I decided to sit in the still pretty warm sauna for a while. I found a big garbage bag to put under my ass and made sure no pee stained surface touched the wood. 

Alright, I had half an hour to kill until next bus. What to do? You all know what I did. I´m not gonna go into details. But after the second time it was actually perfect timing to go to the bus. Trying to ignore the fact that I had also started to smell, I got out to the bus stop again, with the empty plastic bag in my hand. In case the bus driver hesitated to allow me on the bus I would assure them I wouldn´t make a mess on the seat. 

I was kind of nervous when the bus arrived. I had never been so obviously wet in front of someone before. The driver looked down my pants. He definitely saw and understood what had happened, but he didn´t say anything and I couldn´t really read his face. The rest of the bus was almost empty, and I went down the aisle to pick a seat. I saw the driver turning his head against the noise of me placing the plastic bag on the seat and sitting down on it. 

Finally on my way home now. But I soon got reminded what always happens after a long hold. Your bladder fills up fast and you need to pee again. I was getting desperate, but now with a sore bladder and it wasn´t a pleasant feeling.

With ten minutes left on the ride I decided to ease the pressure just a little bit, since I was sitting on the plastic bag, and everything. No, actually it wasn´t a decision. I just gave it a thought, and then my body cheered upon the idea, and let out a big spurt before I gave it a second thought.

My wet bum felt warm again, but as the clothes couldn´t really absorb much more, it was pooling up between my legs and I managed to stop the flow with just a short delay. Soon after that the puddle overflowed and a thin stream running over the edge of the plastic covered seat created a small puddle on the floor. Fuck. I had made a mess. I felt shameful but pretended like nothing and just made sure not to let anything more out. We reached my bus stop, and I carefully got up, and tried to hold the plastic bag in a way that it wouldn´t drip while jumping out the bus to put it in the waste bin outside. 

On the way home from the bus stop I just relaxed as I walked, allowing leaks to happen and rewet my pants. All damage that could be done was done, so why suffer. My crotch felt warm and nice as I let it out little by little.

The streets were quite. A few cars passed me by and if they looked at me they probably saw my wet pants. I just hoped it wasn’t someone I knew.

The temperatures were getting even lower, and my legs and feet felt like they were turning to ice. I was glad it was just a short walk left. I was just gonna pass by the 7-11 store and then I´d be home. I walked faster as I passed the store, in case there were people inside who could see me. Fuck. I wasn´t that lucky. I heard the doors slide open behind me just as I passed them. And then someone called my name. 

I turned around. I Couldn´t believe it. Walking towards me with a big bottle of coke in his hand was… Yes, of course. Billy. And there I stood, with my obvious pee stains all the way down to my feet. Frozen in place. First he looked confused, and as if he didn´t know how to react, but that was only for a short moment. Then he started laughing.

“Come on, that is a stupid way of trying to make yourself warm… It gets´s cold really quickly, right?” he smiled.

“Talking form experience, I guess?”, I said. (I have No idea where those words came from, because my mind felt completely blank).

He just shook his head and kept laughing at me.

“I will be kind. I´m not gonna force you to explain what the fuck happened. Not today. You´d better just hurry home before you catch a cold.”

“Well, I was on my way…” I complained.

“Sorry to interrupt you. See you! And you´re not getting a goodbye hug from me, ha ha. ” he said, gave me a little wave and walked away. Managing not to bump into anyone else I passed the next house and finally hurried up the stairs into my apartment, the warm shower, the change of pants, and the bed. 

Lying there exhausted I was thinking back on the whole evening. It was with very mixed feelings. Sure my full bladder had emptied itself through fabric, just like it had craved… But apart from that, absolutely nothing had ended up the way I planned it. I had for the first time wet my pants in public with zero chances to hide the aftermath. Sitting on a plastic bag in that bus and even peeing a little bit on the floor had been embarrassing and humiliating. And if that wasn´t enough, just when I thought it was over, I had been seen by my friend. My most annoyingly spiteful dear friend. The grin he had on his face as he left had told me he wouldn´t let me live this down. It was horribly awkward. And still… 

I was thinking about what it would be like to meet with the ski club next Tuesday. What would Billy say to me? Would he let the others know or would he just be hinting about it, making me embarrassed with subtle insinuations? The thought of this was killing me right now. I could barely wait. 

###

Finally, here is Flush's submission, titled Two's Company 

Posting as a PDF because Flush requested that the format be preserved 

$Two's company.pdf

Two’s company by Flush

“I call dibs on the bathroom!”

Hannah cursed inside, and watched how her friend Katy jumped up from her seat to take off towards the only bathroom in the house. Fuck, she was fast. So unfair… I certainly drank more than her! I’m so glad that this game is finally over, so that I can go piss a river. Fuck… I have to go. I really have to go so bad. The minute Katy returns, I’m dashing towards the bathroom.

At the other side of the round table, Felicia pressed her crossed legs firmly together. Oh my - did she just call dibs? Can you call dibs? It should have been me; I've been dying for the loo since ages ago! Oooh, I have to go, I hope Katy doesn’t take too long there!

In front of the two girls laid the contents of the “Escape room - the board game” box. It had been Mark's idea to play that particular game, but Justin’s proposal to spice the game up by turning it into a drinking game. Last but not least, it was Liam who had written down the drinking rules of the game. It hadn’t taken them long to realize that with these rules, they had to drink way too much alcoholic beverages, and halfway into the game the six friends were already borderline drunk.

Katy, Hannah and Felicia had decided to continue the game with soda instead of alcohol, which halted their exponential growth of insobriety. However, with the larger soda glasses, the volume of fluid intake had surpassed the one of the boys, their bladders filling up much faster at the same time. By the time the game had neared its end, the girls were all wiggling in their seats, longing to use the bathroom. The spirit of completing the game had made them hold on, against the will of their complaining bladder muscles.

Now that they had “escaped the room”, however, their need to pee was the only thing left on the girls’ mind. Hannah crossed her legs, stood up and eyed the bathroom door, which seemed to be the only solution for their problem. She was desperate enough to pop a squat outside, but with the heavy storm weather this was not a safe option; the government advice was to stay inside at all times. While the rain poured against the closed storm shutters, all she could do was pray that Katy would free the bathroom for her before she pissed herself.

Katy, however, seemed to be in no rush, because the door stayed shut for longer then expected. After a minute or ten, Liam drunkenly exclaimed what Hannah and Felicia thought.

“What is taking her so long?”, he said, staggering towards the closed door. Then, he snickered when he  eared the bathroom, and the girls threw him a puzzled look. “Mark is also in there”, Liam smiled, “and they are doing it!” Hannah couldn’t believe her ears at first, but standing beside the door, she could also hear Katy and Mark breathing intensely. “Fuck, they ARE doing it!”, she said, perplexed. The living room went silent for a while, and a sudden moan by Katy could be heard throughout the house. Felicia was the last one to realize that it was indeed true. “Oh my goodness, are they really…? In the bathroom?”

Nobody was really surprised that Mark and Katy were hooking up, it was just that the time and place was  really unfortunate for the other girls, who were getting desperate at this point.

Hannah balled her fists and pressed her legs together and Felicia wedged her hand between her crossed legs - they both needed that bathroom so badly, but it seemed that it would be occupied for a while.

After a few minutes of dancing around, Hannah decided to return to her room, so that she could wait there for Mark and Katy to finish their business in the bathroom. At least, she could openly hold herself there, and do a pee dance where nobody would see her. Felicia decided to stay in the living room so that she would be able to see when Katy came back from the bathroom. Under the table, she unbuttoned her pants, and slipped her hand under the fabric so that she could directly press her hand into her privates through her panties.

Hannah was pacing up and down in her room, trying to think of a way to release the contents of her bladder without using the toilet. The sink in the kitchen was no option because both

Liam and Justin were standing there. The trashcan in her room was tempting her, but it was full of holes. As far as she knew there were no plants in the house, and also no hidden corners. The vacation house was quite small, with only two bedrooms, the living room with kitchen, the bathroom and the sauna. Wait… the sauna? Hannah’s intoxicated brain tried to think about it; she could be naked there without raising suspicions, put a bunch of towels under her, and then just pee on them. She wasn’t sure that the towels would be able to soak up everything, but the thought was too tempting, and Hannah quickly undressed herself to execute her brand new plan.

At the same time in the living room, Felicia was in serious trouble. Liam had decided to not await the  return of Mark and Katy, and had grabbed an empty soda bottle from the table, in which he was now loudly urinating. He had had the decency to take cover behind the counter, but the room filling sound was just too much for Felicia to take. She felt a small leak escaping from her bladder, slowly dripping into her panties, and thought she would pee herself any second now. Frantically, she stood up and decided to run towards the only place where she thought she would be alone; the sauna. With one hand clamping her crotch, she undressed herself in the girls’ bedroom as fast as she could, grabbed a towel and rushed herself towards the sauna cabin. She arrived there, just as Hannah had laid herself down on the towels, and the two girls looked each other in the eye.

“D-do… you mind i-if I join you?” Felicia faltered, hesitating while standing in the door opening. Oh my goodness, Hannah is here. Oooh… I need to wee, I just really want to be alone right now, but I can’t leave now that I just arrived. That would be so weird. I know that Hannah is not a huge sauna person, I wonder why she is even in here, she said a few hours ago that she didn’t like the heat! I’ll just wait her out for a few minutes until I’m alone and then…

“No… off course… not…” Hannah replied with a painful smile on her face. For fucks sake Felicia, why are you in here, I was ready to explode and now I can’t do that! But I can’t say that, right, there’s no sensible reason why she shouldn’t be able to come in, we have been in each other’s naked presence for so many times. I guess I can hold my pee for a few minutes longer until she gets bored of the sauna…

“Ok thanks”, said Felicia with a faint smile, she rested herself on the free side of the L-shaped sauna bench, and immediately crossed her legs. Ok, so I still need to wee very badly but at least I haven’t wet my panties. Look at my belly, it’s so full! Maybe I can try to let a little bit go to lower the pressure… but what if Hannah sees what I’m doing? Or worse; what if I can’t stop once I’m going? Hannah would definitely notice that! No… I can’t… although I really want to… oooh, this dilemma would be so much easier if Hannah would just depart…

Hannah readjusted herself from a relaxed position on her back to a sideways crossed-legged pose, and felt a drip of sweat running down her thigh. Fucking hell… it’s so hot in here, I don’t even like the sauna heat. Just a few more minutes Hannah, and then you can release a gusher onto the towels… no, shit, don’t think about gushers just yet, it’s making the feeling worse. Naked grandmother… naked grandmother… oh it’s not working, I just need to piss!

As the minutes passed by, their strained bladders filling up even more, Hannah and Felicia were getting restless. Felicia had a hand between her legs, fingertips pressing onto her privates, and Hannah occasionally gave herself a squeeze without making it too obvious that she urgently needed the bathroom.

Finally, Hannah decided that she had to try something to get Felicia out of the sauna. She stood up, reached for the temperature knob and turned it all the way up. I bet I can smoke her out this way, the heat will be too uncomfortable for her and then she will leave. God, I need to piss!

The temperature in the room rose quickly, and although both Hannah and Felicia started to sweat like a pig, none of them made the intention to leave the cabin. Frustrated that her plan didn’t seem to work, Hannah checked up with Felicia.

“Don’t… you think it’s too hot in here?”

“No, no, I like the heat”, Felicia lied, “I’m glad you turned it up because I thought it was a little too cold at first.”

“Ah…”

Hannah swore inside her head for a good minute, then stood up, turned the knob all the way down and set the door ajar.

“You know… I don’t want to make it too uncomfortable for you”, she said, and smiled at Felicia. Ok so she likes the heat, then she will surely leave when the temperature drops quickly!

But Felicia thought differently; on the contrary, she was now even more determined to stay.

Oh my goodness, Hannah, too cold… too hot… make up your damn mind! And leave so I can wee in the sauna! I will do it anyway if she doesn’t depart soon, I cannot hold it for much longer! But she’s getting restless, and she’s clearly not happy with the temperature. Yes, she will depart soon. Right?

Stubborn as they were, both determined that the other person in the sauna would leave soon, Hannah and Felicia simply stayed in place, their strained bladders screaming for relief.

The wooden benches they were laying on were creaking from their squirming motions, both Hannah and Felicia were breathing loudly, but none of them spoke a word. Hannah started to tap her fingers on the wood to annoy Felicia, and Felicia started to hum and whistle to annoy Hannah. The pressure inside them rose to unexplored levels, both mentally and physically. Felicia felt that the eruption was imminent, and Hannah was about to have an outburst as well.

At that moment, the sauna door opened itself, and Katy appeared in the door frame.

“Hey, here are you girls! Ok, so I NEED to tell you what happened between me and Mark, it was so crazy, I mean,…”

Both Hannah and Felicia, preoccupied with their own needs, didn’t hear the words that their friend was saying. Instead, they had the same exact thought. Wait, so if Katy is here, then the bathroom must be…

Felicia scrambled herself and her towel together and Hannah immediately followed suit, both passing a puzzled looking Katy. Felicia quickly draped a towel around her and she was first in the hall, but then she suddenly halted, jamming her hands between her legs as a pressure wave overtook her. Hannah was the first one to reach the bathroom door, but when she pulled the knob, it was locked.

“Mark is in there, showering. With the dirty things I did to him…” Katy drunkenly bragged about her sexual act with an innuendo, a little agitated that she was clearly ignored by her two friends.

Hannah couldn’t take it anymore. She knocked on the door as hard as she could and shouted on the top of her lungs: “Mark, GET THE FUCK OUT BEFORE I PISS ALL OVER THE FLOOR!”

“Wait, so you also need to wee?”, asked Felicia.

“What? You too?”, said Hannah. “Then what were you doing in the sauna?”

“What were YOU doing in the sauna? Were you going to…” whispered Felicia.

“Wait, were you also going to…?”, repeated Hannah.

“No… Yes… I mean, not at first, but you stayed there for so long that… Oh Hannah, I need to wee so so bad, I think I can’t hold it any longer, I’m practically going, I don’t know what to do…” Felicia nearly started crying.

“Ok, so I was going to piss in the sauna, you were going to piss in the sauna, the bathroom is still occupied,” Hannah thought out loud, “fuck it, I’m going to piss in the sauna!”

“Really?”, asked Felicia.

“Yeah I mean, I didn’t want to do it at first with you there, because I thought you would find it gross, but now I know that you wanted to do the same…”

Hannah marched back towards the sauna cabin, while Felicia hesitated. She knew she couldn’t hold it any longer, but she also wasn’t sure that she would be ready to pee in the sauna with Hannah also there. Part of her hoped that Mark would leave the bathroom any second now, but the shower kept going and going, and Felicia’s full bladder made the choice for her. A large burst of pee escaped, dribbling past her fingers, onto the tiled floor. Felicia fought the next two pain waves, but then she leaked again, and she realized she had no other choice. Taking very small steps, she danced towards the sauna.

In the cabin, Hannah was already lying down on the towels and peeing. Oh my fucking god, oh my fucking god, it feels so so good! Fuck fuck fuck… ah!

She covered her mouth with her hands, in order not to moan out of pleasure, and raised her head to visualize the scene. A thick stream emerged from her, loudly trashing into the towels, and her belly visibly deflated. At that moment, Felicia stumbled in, but Hannah could not care less, in bliss that she was finally having her relief.

Felicia herself, however, still wasn’t entirely comfortable with the idea of having a sauna pee in Hannah’s presence, and lingered around in the door opening. She thought about leaving again, but no matter how hard she tried to clamp her muscles shut, another small leak escaped her bladder again. Realizing that she would make a mess in the hall, she shuffled towards the free bench, laid her towel on the bench and planted her buttocks on the fabric.

She pressed her fingers even harder between her damp lips in a futile effort to plug the hole. 

In order to save her dignity, she tried to hold the imminent flood back until Hannah would leave her alone. Trembling, she only half-succeeded.

The dam between her bladder and the outside world hadn't failed yet, but the event of breaching had started nonetheless. A small but steady river of pee escaped her pee hole, seeping past her fingers, into the towel. Oh my goodness, come on, come on, I don’t want to wee yet, I just have to hold on for a little longer, please!

But no matter how hard she prayed, her tired muscles couldn’t patch the breach, and more and more urine escaped. Feeling disappointed that she couldn’t keep it dry, but also couldn’t enjoy the release either, tears welled up in her eyes. Clouded in her own world, she didn’t even realize that Hannah had finished peeing.

Hannah raised herself, her butt bathing in a soaked towel, and immediately noticed that her friend was in a total state of despair.

“Just let it go, you will feel so much better!”, she instructed.

“I can’t,” Felicia simply stammered, “I can’t, I can’t…”

Then, Hannah did something that she normally would never have, but the tears running down her friends face combined with her intoxicated state triggered her. She leaned over towards Felicia, planted her fingertips into the swollen belly of her friend, and started tickling her.

At first, Felicia was mortified, but soon the titillating feeling on her body took over her senses, and she started laughing and crying at the same time.

“Stop, stop, stop!”, she fruitlessly tried to halt Hannah, her fingertips losing the tight grip over her privates. Her bladder relaxed entirely, and a river of pee bursted past her pee hole.

Finally, she was peeing, and enjoying every second of it.

“Stop, stop,” she demanded again to Hannah, who did not realize that Felicia was in fact going. Wriggling in place, trying to escape from Hannah’s tickling hands, she no longer had control over the direction of her pee stream that now trashed everywhere. A thick burst landed against the wooden wall of the sauna, and Hannah immediately stopped tickling once she heard the sound of Felicia’s pee hitting the wood. Mission accomplished, she thought, and she watched back in amazement how thick the stream was coming from between her friends legs. Wow, she really had to go!
 
Now that Hannah’s hands were no longer touching her, Felicia relaxed completely and enjoyed the feeling in bliss. Oh my goodness, this is amazing! Oh I needed this wee so bad!

Yes yes yes… Wow, I can’t stop going, how much was actually in me?

Finally, after a long time, Felicia’s steam died down. Their towels were drenched, and some of Felicia’s wet spurts were all over the floor, but their struggle was finally over. The two girls looked at each other, both smiling.

“Ok, so let’s never discuss this again,” said Hannah, breaking the silence.

“Never,” Felicia agreed.

“What about Katy, though?”. Hannah asked.

“What about her?”, Felicia replied.

“Look what she made us do! I’d say she deserves payback; a cookie of her own dough,” Hannah smiled mischievously.

“I’m listening…”, said Felicia, intrigued.

“You know how urgent her morning piss always is, especially after a night of drinking? What if we…”

THE END
