Jenny's oops

Author: Wet19

*000*2017-08-24 01:17

It was the following Saturday after Annie got engaged. Megan had invited Annie and Jenny to a lunch picnic at the park with her and Katy so she could hear all about it. The four of them sat on a soft blanket spread over luscious green grass. They ate sandwiches, chips and some celebration cupcakes Megan had brought. Annie spoke very excitedly, expounding every detail of Matt's proposal. Megan was clearly excited and happy for her. After just over an hour, Annie lamented that she had homework to do and had to leave. She was assigned to write a report and had procrastinated it due to, in combination, her excitement and copious amounts of premarital sex. The three adults packed up their things and folded the blanket. Katy had long ago excused herself to the playground after downing her sandwich, chips and two cupcakes.

They walked to the parking lot and deposited the picnic supplies in Megan's trunk. The playground wasn't too far from the parking lot and Megan glanced over occasionally to check on Katy. They all hugged and said their goodbyes and then Annie got in her car and left. Jenny and Megan walked back to the playground sat on a nearby bench to talk more and watch Katy play. When Jenny mentioned her apartment search to Megan, Megan cut her short and nearly shouted with enthusiasm "Oh my gosh, come live with me!" Jenny was stunned for a second. She thought Megan was joking, but she hadn't used a sarcastic tone of voice. Megan saw the surprise on Jenny's face and restated the proposal:

"Seriously, come live with me. I have an extra room and you won't have to pay even half the rent you would at some dingy apartment." Jenny smiled but said nothing as she weighed pros and cons in her head. She wasn't sure how much rent Megan would want, but it was surely better than paying full rent by herself. On the contrary, if she had her own private place, she wouldn't have to worry about hiding her dirty habits. Megan could sense the deliberation going on, the tennis match in Jenny's head.

She looked as though she were about to say something when Katy interrupted her. She looked away from Jenny to Katy and said "Yes dear?" Katy glanced at Jenny with what Jenny almost misjudged as a guilty expression, then she leaned in a whispered in her mom's ear. Megan did not whisper her reply and simply nodded her head with "Yes, go ahead." What happened next made Jenny's jaw hit the ground. Katy stood right there in front of them and peed her pants, then she went back to the playground and resumed playing, ignoring the sideways glances and mumbled remarks of the other kids.

Megan seemed to have forgotten what she had been about to say and did not look back at Jenny, she just watched the playground. Jenny's abdomen swirled with a mixture of surprise and excitement. If Megan was ok with her daughter doing it, then certainly she would be ok with Jenny doing it too, right? But what if she only allowed it outside the house? Or at the park? Jenny suddenly became aware of her own swelling bladder. It wasn't quite full to capacity yet, but within the hour she would need to relieve herself in one way or another. She looked at Megan, curious of the expression on her face. There was nothing different. She seemed as if she had no opinion on what her daughter had just done.

Jenny took this as a good sign, but was still skeptical. She remembered the messages they had exchanged before about Megan experimenting with wetting her panties, but somehow was too afraid to inquire on the topic. Jenny suddenly noticed how incredibly pretty Megan's face was. She had seen it hundreds, if not thousands, of times before, but somehow it struck her in this moment. Her smooth cheeks, small nose, slightly crooked ear and strawberry blonder hair. Megan turned to Jenny and picked up the conversation as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened. "I'm not really going to charge you rent, I'm just going to ask you to help a little with bills, food and Katy. Will you come live with me please?" Clearly Megan was excited to have Jenny in her house.

Jenny smiled and said "I would love to!"

Megan's face lit up. "Oh goody! How soon do you want to move in?"

"Well, I don't know. I don't want to just leave Annie hanging with the apartment all by herself. I'll talk to her and see."

"Sounds good to me." replied Megan.

They talked more for another half hour or so, then decided it was time to leave. Katy saw them as they stood up from the bench and, having gotten her fill of the playground, came over to them without Megan needing to call for her. They crossed the grassy area to Megan's car and they all got in. During the car ride back to Megan's house, Jenny began to squirm. "Are you ok?" Megan asked already knowing what the issue was.

"Yeah... I just have to pee." The image of Katy wetting her pants in front of the bench flashed in her mind.

"You should've gone at the park." Said Megan.

"Did they have bathrooms there? I didn't think to look." Replied Jenny.

"You should've gone in your pants." Jenny's head whipped around and she stared at Megan, taken aback a bit by her forwardness. Megan sensed Jenny's unease and add "Sorry, I didn't mean to embarrass you."

Then Katy quipped in with a surprisingly witty comment for a 9 year old "It's ok Jenny, we're almost home. You can do it in the garage, its nice and private in there, then you can borrow a some of my mom's pants!"

"Katy Jane!" snapped Megan, glaring at her in the rearview mirror. Katy bit her lip and looked out the window. There was a momentary silence then Megan said sullenly "You can do it in the garage if you want and then borrow some of my pants." Jenny looked out the side window and rolled the idea around in her head. On one hand she felt too embarrassed to pee her pants in from the Megan and Katy. Yet on the other, they've seen her wet before, Katy peed her pants about an hour ago, and Megan experimented with peeing her panties.

As the car slowly crept up the driveway and into the garage, a tingling anxiety boiled in Jenny's stomach. She hadn't made up her mind yet about peeing her pants. Then Megan made the decision for her. She pulled the key out of the ignition, looked squarely at Jenny and said "Pee your pants" then she got out of the car. The anxious feeling made it difficult for Jenny to hold her pee and she jumped a bit as the garage door made a thud as it hit the floor behind the car. She pulled the handle on the door and pushed it open. She felt as though she could explode. As she slid her right leg out of the door and placed her sandled foot on the cold concrete floor, she felt a short warm spurt shoot into her panties.

She had to pee so badly she half expected it to shoot a hole in her pants and splatter on the car door. She lifted herself off the seat and another spurt shot out. As she pulled her left leg out of the car she thought to herself "fuck it" and gave up holding. Warm pee poured into the crotch of her black cotton panties and flooded her jeans. It hissed loudly as hot wetness flowed down each of her legs. She closed the car door and noticed Megan watching her. Megan smiled and nodded her head approvingly. Jenny closed her eyes as she was getting stage fright from Megan standing there observing.

At the same time, however, the thought of someone watching her, that is someone new and not Annie, aroused her intensely. Involuntarily she exhaled sharply and her abdominal muscles clenched for a split second. Her clit was swimming in pee and loving every second of it. She felt an orgasm building and opened her eyes with an intense inhale and a stroke of panic. She couldn't orgasm here, not in front of Megan and especially not in front of Katy who was now standing next to her mother enjoying the show.

Warm pee trickled over the tops of Jenny's feet and caused her to body to spasm again, this time larger than the last. She panicked again as she realized the potential orgasm was not going away. She racked her brain for options. Anything to nullify it. She spread her legs and a solid stream formed from her crotch and splattered on the concrete below her. Normally the sound would send her over the edge, but this time it caused her to feel more embarrassed. Though it didn't completely nullify the orgasm, it stopped it's build up and she was safe for the moment.

Her bladder was now empty and the liquid running down her legs and trickling down the middle was fading. Jenny looked down at the puddle she had made. It was surprisingly large, part of it was under the car. Jenny looked up at Megan and said "Sorry about the mess." Megan said "Don't apologize! Come on, lets go get you some dry pants." Jenny actually wanted to keep wearing her wet ones, but did not divulge that fact. She walked to the door to the house where Megan was holding it open for her. Jenny stopped and looked down. She didn't want to track pee around the house. "Come on, it won't hurt anything." said Megan. Jenny shrugged, stepped inside the house and followed Megan to the master bedroom. Megan went into the closet and came out with a pair of jeans similar to ones Jenny was already wearing and a clean pair of yellow panties, on the butt of which was printed "It's a bright sunshiny day!".

As Jenny pealed her wet pants off of herself, another thing happened that made her jaw drop. Megan, just a few feet from Jenny, pulled down her jeans. Underneath, she had on a diaper. It was slightly yellow and bulged, obviously she had used it. When her pants were off she looked at Jenny and winked. Jenny smiled and her orgasm potential came back. Her body spasmed again. Megan noticed and winked again as she stuck out her bum and posed for Jenny. Jenny resisted. Megan posed again.

Jenny gave in and simply touched her wet crotch with a single finger. Her orgasm exploded and she rolled onto her back on the floor with her wet jeans still down around her knees. She used every ounce of will power she had to not moan loudly while her hands uncontrollably pleasured her crotch. Megan shut the door to the room, then stood over Jenny and posed again. Jenny let out a loud moan but cut it short as soon as she could get control of it. Megan posed again, but now Jenny, feeling humiliated and shameful, was coming down from her orgasmic high. She laid on the floor breathing heavily as Megan stood over her smiling.

Jenny felt her face burning bright red. Megan said "That was fucking awesome!" as she walked to the bathroom next to the closet to change her diaper. Jenny laid still for several minutes. Each time she replayed the scenario in her head, she felt increasingly embarrassed. She had the desire crawl under the bed and never come out. Megan appeared standing at Jenny's feet. She had her jeans back on and, presumably, a clean diaper underneath.

"Sorry, was that embarrassing? I won't do that again." Had Megan been an animal she would've had her tail between her legs. The apology reversed the feelings in Jenny's head and suddenly she wanted it again. The whole thing, she wanted to repeat it from the moment she opened the car door. Then she was embarrassed again. She kept going back and forth, it was making her head hurt. Jenny finished dressing herself and Megan put her clothes in the washing machine with a load of her own. They spoke not a word more of what had happened and sat apart on the couch as they watched TV for a bit before deciding to go on a bike ride. Jenny had promised Annie she would pick up dinner on her way home, so around 4:30 she changed back into her own clothes and headed home. The event weighed on her mind for a couple of weeks, conjuring rough and sometimes extreme mixed feelings every time she revisited it.

