One summer day, Kira helped her mom in the garden...

Author: wet princess

*000*2024-02-08 16:22

It was a hot summer day.

Kira was a girl who lived with her mom in a private house with a large area.

There was also a large garden where vegetables and fruits were grown.

Despite the fact that it was so hot that day, Kira's mom got ready to work in the garden and called Kira to help her.

Kira agreed. While going outside, she thought it was a good idea to go to the toilet first, since she had drunk a lot of water due to the heat.

But she no longer wanted to return to the house. Kira was sure that she will return if her need becomes desperate.

The mom locked the house, because at that moment no one except her and Kira was home. Safety always comes first.

It took a few minutes to walk from the house to the garden, the area was so large.

In the end, mom and Kira came to the right garden bed and got to work.

After some time of work, Kira felt that her bladder had become noticeably full.

She ignored it at first, busy working as the pressure grew stronger by the minute.

Kira didn’t want to get up and be distracted from work, but soon, squatting in the garden bed, she caught herself starting to squeeze her thighs.

Her need was already becoming painful. She holded it until the last, but mom was not going to finish the work.

Feeling that her urethra began to leak the first drops, Kira gave up.

She stood up, shook her hands off the ground and, telling her mom that she needed to go to the toilet, walked towards the house.

Kira wanted to start running to get relief as quickly as possible, but she didn’t want her mom to see her despair.

While she was walking towards the house, Kira noticed how much her lower belly was swollen and protruding.

She was wearing light pink shorts and a black crop top, her belly was exposed, so her swollen bladder was clearly visible.

Her bladder turned out to be much fuller than she thought it would be while she was sitting.

Kira so wanted to quickly get rid of the pressure inside, which was becoming acute, that she covered the last ten meters to the house almost at a run.

Finally, she ran onto the porch and excitedly pulled the door handle, anticipating the soon desired relief.

At that moment, Kira realized that she forgot to take the house keys from her mom, and her mom also forgot about them.

The door was locked.

As luck would have it, at that moment she felt the first strong spasm in her bladder.

Cursing herself for her own stupidity, Kira bent in half, waiting out when the spasm will be over.

Having no other choice, as soon as the spasm passed, she turned around and ran back to the garden.

Running with a full bladder was quite hard.

Several times along the way she had to stop, bend in half and squeeze her legs with force, waiting out when the next spasm will be over.

Unfortunately, she did leak a few drops into her pink shorts, but it was unnoticeable.

Damn, Kira regretted not going to the toilet earlier. She didn't expect her bladder to fill up so quickly.

The mom looked in surprise at the despair on her daughter’s face.

Kira told her about the keys.

"Oh, wait a second, honey." Kira's mom began to rummage through her pockets. "I completely forgot where I put them."

Kira didn’t want to show her despair, she was ashamed, but she couldn’t help but dance on the spot.

Otherwise, she would have leaked more drops into her shorts.

Her mother, as luck would have it, could not find the keys for a long time (as it seemed to Kira).

In the end, when Kira had already clenched her teeth, she took out those damn keys and handed them to her.

"You should have gone to the bathroom before we came here, Kira." Her mother said, but Kira did not listen.

No longer caring about shame, she snatched the keys from her mom at that very second and immediately rushed towards the house.

Along the way, Kira prayed to hold it.

Her belly was completely overfull and she could hear the liquid gurgling in her bladder as she ran.

Finally, overjoyed, Kira ran onto the porch, shuddering with spasms.

She couldn't get the keys into the keyhole the first time because her hands were shaking. It took time.

Kira swore out loud.

She kept her legs clenched constantly and had to take breaks, bending in half.

In the end, she managed to insert the keys into the hole, and she almost screamed with joy.

Kira impatiently tried to turn the keys, but they did not move. They didn't turn around.

She didn’t want to believe in her own bad luck, but after a few minutes of trying she realized that the lock was stuck.

Their house was old, and this problem happened quite often with the lock.

Kira didn't have enough strength to turn the keys.

For a few seconds Kira wanted to cry.

She realized that she had no choice but to go back to ask her mom come and help her open the fucking door.

Her bladder needed to be emptied right then and there, and Kira doubted it could handle another walk to the garden and back.

The distance was too much for her overflowing bladder.

But, unfortunately, she had no choice.

She didn't want to get her shorts wet and embarrass herself in front of her mom.

She wasn't a baby girl, she couldn't wet herself. It would be wild.

Kira even thought about taking off her shorts and squatting right in front of the house, but, as luck would have it, there was no ground or grass near the house, only an asphalt area.

She didn’t want her mom to see the puddle when she would go to the house. Kira would die from shame.

Having no other choice, Kira ran into the garden, holding her swollen belly with her hand and stopping every ten meters to cross her legs.

About halfway through, the spasm turned out to be too strong, and a small stream escaped from her urethra for a second.

Shocked, Kira was able to stop it, but she discovered a small but noticeable stain on the crotch of her shorts.

A small dark spot on the pink fabric.

Tears came in Kira’s eyes from shame.

She couldn't believe it. She wet her shorts, even though it was a bit.

She was very ashamed to show herself in front of her mom.

But new and new urges in the bladder forced her to run further.

Having reached her mom, Kira, having already forgotten about shame, squeezed her crotch with her hand to prevent a new stream from escaping.

Seeing her daughter’s hand at her crotch, an almost invisible stain on her shorts, her red face and tears in her eyes, the mom immediately understood everything, of course.

Kira's mom was shocked, but she did not look at her daughter with condemnation or disgust, only with pity.

"The lock... stuck again." Kira moaned in despair before her mom could say anything.

Her mom's eyes showed understanding of the situation.

"Oh, honey." She nodded with pity. "I should have guessed. Why didn’t you tell me that your need was that bad?"

Kira's mom did not take her eyes off her daughter's hand holding her crotch.

Kira danced on the spot, realizing that she could not hold it for another minute.

She was close to wetting herself.

Almost crying, Kira realized that she would not be able to hold this to the house.

It was already too late. The spasms in the bladder were too strong, and a new stream was coming.

Hopeless, she was in despair, when suddenly...

"If you had told me earlier, I would have let you pee here in the garden." Her mother said. "You can do it right now. There’s nothing shameful in it. I see that you can’t make it to the house, Kira."

Kira thought she had heard wrong.

Did her mom suggest she just... pee here? In the garden?

"Just... here?" Not believing, she asked again, looking around the garden, squeezing her legs and feeling new drops bursting out. "But it's... not right."

Kira felt ashamed when she thought about it. What if one of the neighbors sees her squatting and peeing in the garden?

However, the fence around their garden was high enough not to worry about this, fortunately.

Kira thought that she would die from shame if she sat down and peed here, in front of her mother, so she doubted it.

The next second, a new spasm made Kira realize that she had no choice. Her mom was right.

Kira thought that she would either sit down and pee or wet her shorts in front of her mom.

The situation was hopeless.

"Come on, my dear." Her mom said kindly. "I see that you’re about to wet yourself. Believe me, I sometimes allow myself to pee in the garden when I’m working here, if i don't want to go far into the house. It's natural and you have nothing to be ashamed of."

Kira couldn’t believe that her mother allowed herself to pee in the garden sometimes, but she had no time to think about it.

She couldn't hold it any longer. Her bladder was about to explode.

"You can go there, honey." Mom nodded toward the thick raspberry bushes behind her. "I won’t see you, be sure."

Kira didn't have time to doubt.

Feeling like she was about to explode, she rushed towards those bushes, holding her hand between her legs.

During this time, she again let a stream into her shorts, but it was less than a second.

Kira ran into a small clearing overgrown with grass, which was among raspberry bushes.

The mom turned her back to the bushes, busy with her work in the ground.

Standing in a clearing behind the bushes, Kira removed her hand from her crotch and realized that a stream was coming out of her.

She barely had time to pull off her shorts and panties while squatting down.

The first seconds of the stream still got into her shorts, but she didn’t care at all.

Spreading her legs wide and almost missing her bare ass on the grass, Kira released the stream at full power, pouring her golden liquid on the raspberry bushes.

Her stream hit far and powerfully on the bushes, and she sighed loudly.

The stream burst onto the grass with white foam, and the hissing was so loud that her mom could not help but hear it, being five meters from her daughter.

But Kira didn’t care about that anymore. All she could care about at that moment was the overwhelming feeling of relief.

The golden liquid continued to splash out of her with great pressure and foam onto the green young grass, forming a puddle on it.

The ground did not manage to absorb it so quickly.

Kira’s bladder took a very long time to empty, and every second brought her unreal pleasure.

Finally, it was empty.

Kira didn't have any tissues to wipe herself off with, so she rested her hands on the grass and shook her bare bottom, shaking the last drops from her crotch before standing up.

Rising to her feet and pulling up her clothes, she looked down.

The grass was covered in liquid, from the place where Kira was squatting to the bushes themselves.

The puddle, already drying under the scorching sun, was huge.

Kira's sandals were completely wet from her urine, but she wasn't upset at all, she was too happy about the relief.

Feeling much better, Kira came out from behind the bushes with a smile on her face.

Mom smiled too, turning around and looking at her daughter.

"Are you feeling better now, my dear?" She asked as Kira crouched down next to her, going back to working in the ground.

"Much better!" Kira answered, laughing. "I think peeing in the garden is a lot of fun, mom, what about you?"

"I think so too, honey." Her mom said, continuing to work as if nothing had happened.

Kira thought that next time she wouldn't have to go into the house just to pee.

She would pee there, walking just a few steps away.

It was a wonderful idea.

P.S. Kira's shorts dried in the sun so quickly that she forgot they were wet 🙂

