Isabella breaking blocks and wetting pants

Author: Wet19

*000*2018-12-22 16:49

Isabella sat alone in her tiny apartment on her cheap chair in front of her small desk. She was playing on the only expensive thing she owned: her Alienware gaming laptop. She was online in her friend's Minecraft realm. She and four other friends were exploring a gigantic deep underground cave. Isabella rocked in her chair, trying desperately to hold her screaming bladder.

"This cave is fucking huge!" She exclaimed into the microphone, hoping soon they would find the end so she could go pee. She didn't want to slow down the group or get left behind by leaving now to go.

"There's so much ore in here!" Another person said over her headphones as a skeleton shot her with an arrow. She ran forward swinging her sword but missed several times since she was having trouble keeping the mouse steady as she rocked. Isabella kept muttering "Come on, come on, this damn cave has to end!"

"Fuck!" She said out loud. Up ahead was a fork where the cave now split in two.

"Which way should we go first?" Someone asked over the headphones. Isabella muted her mic and groaned out loud as she pressed on her crotch for momentary relief.

"This way!" Said someone else as they stuck a torch on the wall in the left cave. Isabella put her hands back on the keyboard and follow her friends.

Several minutes later, with no end to the cave in sight, Isabella was on the verge of breaking a sweat from holding so hard. She was rocking back and forth quickly and had left her mic on mute so she could groan. Finally, she thought she saw a wall up ahead. Was it the end of the cave!?!

Nope, one of her friends disappeared to the right and she realized it was just a sharp corner. "Dammit!!" she nearly shouted. She took her hand off the mouse and held herself while her left hand continued to follow her friends. She occasionally took her hand from her crotch to move the mouse and turn her field of view.

Finally, Isabella gave in. "Fuck it!" she thought "This cave isn't ending anytime soon, I'm just going to go in my pants." She put her hand back on the mouse and relaxed. Instantly she was peeing forcefully into her panties and jeans. Hot liquid pooled around her butt, soaked her thighs, and ran down the backs of her calves. There was loud splattering on the hard floor as multiple streams of pee poured off of the chair. Isabella, to her surprise, found herself becoming very distracted and even aroused. "What the fuck?" She thought "I'm pissing my pants and its...actually turning me on?" For a brief moment she was disgusted, but then primal desires took over. She stopped paying attention to the game and her friends left her behind. Her breathing became heavier, the hot urine blasting by her clit somehow felt amazing, somehow different than when using a toilet. The pee pooling around her and running down her legs was sensational.

An orgasm was beginning to build. She became disappointed when she realized her bladder was almost empty. She suddenly wanted to pee much longer, at least until she climaxed. There was an explosion on the screen, then it went red and informed her she was killed by a creeper. She used it as permission. Her hands left the keyboard and mouse and, as if conscious themselves, found their way down Isabella's jeans on the outside of her pee soaked panties. She rubbed herself vigorously as her pee stream died. The soaked fabric felt amazing against her clitoris. She pushed a finger inside herself with wet fabric wrapped around it. Within less than a minute she was moaning as an explosive orgasm took her nearly by surprise. She rubbed and rubbed to extend it as long as possible. Normally she stifled her moans to keep the neighbors from hearing, but this time it didn't even cross her mind. She had found a new fetish and didn't care who knew, at least not in that moment.

As her orgasm began to fade, and her breathing returned to normal, she realized her friends were asking her over the headphones if she was ok. She watched as they collected her inventory on the screen. Her stomach dropped as she suddenly couldn't remember if she had muted her microphone. She was petrified. She could hear her friends talking but couldn't comprehend what they were saying. She didn't want to know if they had heard her. But she did want to know. She was embarrassed, humiliated. Finally, she pulled herself back to reality and looked at the Skype window. A huge wave of relief washed over her as she saw that her mic, in fact, was muted. Crisis averted. She looked down at the mess she had made. Nearly every inch of her jeans was soaked with pee and there was a large puddle on the laminate floor beneath her.

"Hey Isabella, you back yet?" A voice chided over the headphones. She unmuted her mic.

"Uh, yeah, just had to uh, use the bathroom." Her faced burned bright red as she spoke those words. She clicked "Respawn" and found herself in the little house she had built on the surface.

"Oh, no worries. We got all your stuff, we'll give it to you when we come back up." The voice said.

"Thanks guys." She said, still a little embarrassed. She could've taken the opportunity to change and clean up, but instead, she crafted a bunch of pickaxes and headed down into the mine they had dug.

