I Think You Should Just Pee Your Pants - Page 4

Author: WaityKaty

*076*2018-05-15 23:12

{{3 hours ago, wetisthebest said:

I love Camille! I wish I had a Camille in my life. Also, I tried her attitude out in real life recently one night when my boyfriend and I were on our way home from a bar. He really had to pee. We were about ten minutes away and I told him "I think you should just pee your pants" in those exact words. Unfortunately, he laughed it off and just found some alley to quickly pee in. If only he'd realized how serious I was, but I don't think he would have done it either way. It's a shame haha and I'm too embarrassed to tell him about my fetish. Hoping to work up the courage soon...

He actually makes a lot of jokes along the lines of "I know you love pee" and about peeing on me and stuff, and I always respond accordingly, completely serious, but he probably just thinks I'm joking. He also gets desperate a lot and fairly quickly, I guess he just has a small bladder, and especially when he's been drinking, so I get to see him desperate fairly often but he has always found somewhere to just whip it out and pee so far. It's a shame for me, but I also don't want him to be upset or embarrassed if he did pee his pants, which I know he would be. So it's difficult I'd love it if this kind of a relationship like Camille and her guy have could happen for me, but I'm not counting on it. Either way, great story!

}}

Yeah. This is pretty clearly a fantasy unfortunately. Glad you are enjoying it though!

Unsolicited advice; If I were you I'd consider just telling him. The first time you tell a guy it's amazingly embarrassing and hard; I've been there. But there isn't a huge amount of downside and there is considerable upside. A fair amount of people will at least indulge their partner occasionally. Even if you don't get A Camille/narrator relationship out of it!

*082*2018-10-06 23:03

{{1 hour ago, remos6 said:

It has been quiet for a long while, I hope that Katy hasn't fallen out of love with this particular story. It would be tragic for it to go unfinished, especially knowing that another couple of chapters are interested pipeline - it's definitely well inside my Top 5.

}}

I do plan to come back to it. I know it’s a favourite of quite a few people. Unfortunately this story has a “sexy and fun” feel and right now I’m feeling “anxious and disconsolate” so I’m working on stories that better fit that vibe. If I wrote a chapter of ITYSJPYP it’d almost certainly take a turn that people wouldn’t like!

*085*2018-10-11 12:07

{{6 hours ago, Thudmaster said:

I'd like any form of continuation to this story.

}}

{{2 minutes ago, Manowar said:

Me too.

As I said above...

}}

Whelp, OK! I have two things I want to write first, so we’re still looking at a month or so. But I want no complaints if Sad Katy decides to take this story right into heartbreak town. :p

