Contranym

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2018-05-18 00:14

I did post this deep in a thread a while back. But I was cleaning out my drafts and decided I quite liked it and that it could probably handle it's own topic.

There is simultaneously a vast chasm of difference and no difference at all between unwilling and unable. Synonyms and antonyms at the same time. The observer matters. Perspective matters. It requires knowledge of intent to divine the divide. Knowledge that only the actor can ever truly have.

As far as most of the members of 12 South were concerned Sally Brackenstall wet herself giving a presentation in English the last winter of school. If they even remember that much. It was funny at the time. Shocking as well. But honestly, they weren't really interested in the why of it all. There were exams to panic over, crushes to moon over, futures to stress over. Unwilling? Unable? Uninteresting.

For the three people who cared about her enough to wonder, enough to ask, with enough tact so as not to upset her further, they were told she was unable. Unable to hold back her bursting bladder, filled by nerves and coffee, for even a moment longer. An accident expected and an accident explained. Her blinked away embarrassed tears forestalled further questions, but not further sympathy.

Sally knew this wasn't true. She disliked lying and seldom did. Though it always surprised her at how readily she was believed when she chose to lie, perhaps, she fancied, she would have made a fine politician if she had the commitment, and the ego. She never lied to herself though. She disliked lying, after all.

She never told herself that technically she she had been unable to control her bladder. That strictly she'd lied to no one. But of course she had, explicitly to three people, implicitly to the world. She was always honest with herself. She had been unwilling to keep her pants dry that day. The extra coffee was intentional. As was the skipped visit to the restroom, even though she was already struggling to keep herself from dancing with need. She'd had to turn her face away from the class as she burst. Biting down on the inside of her cheeks to keep from smiling. To bring the necessary tears to bear.

In later years, when almost everyone there that day had nearly forgotten her name, she would think about the difference between unwilling and unable. And try, impossibly, to measure the gap.

*007*2018-05-21 03:31

{{On 5/18/2018 at 11:13 AM, Melificentfan said:

This is very good

}}

{{On 5/18/2018 at 11:35 AM, NerqTheMighty said:

That plate of words was delicious, may I have another?

}}

{{On 5/18/2018 at 2:43 PM, Weasel said:

Lovely. Yet more exquisite wordplay and piss-play from WaityKaty. Bravo.

}}

{{On 5/18/2018 at 5:52 PM, Dealer said:

I applaude to this new story written in spectaculat way. I adore your writings skills!

}}

{{On 5/18/2018 at 6:37 PM, Ondinist said:

A nice succinct story with a twist. First-rate!

}}

Thanks everyone!

{{On 5/18/2018 at 1:16 PM, Manowar said:

Again something new. A bit hard to me to read as I am not English native speaker but I like it. Really good.

}}

Certainly new. It would have been tough with English not being your first language. It's mostly wordplay, and light philosophy about the meaning of words. I promise my next story will be more plot driven!

