ΠΣΣ House Season 2: You Really Got a Hold On Me

Author: Weasel

*000*2020-08-19 03:56

The sign was simple: Do not use me if anyone else is in the room. The problem was that the sign was on the toilet—the only toilet in ΠΣΣ House.

Zephyr bounced on her toes a little. Like I could have, even without the sign! Damn her pee-shyness. She was much, much better at holding it these days, thanks to Amanda’s training and Ashley as inspiration—but she hadn’t been expecting to have to hold it first thing after she woke up. And so far there hadn’t been one moment when the bathroom was unoccupied by someone. Even if it was just Sophie doing her hair, Zeph knew she wouldn’t be able to pee with the audience.

At least everyone else who hasn’t gotten up yet will be in the same boat!

Standing in a bathroom she couldn’t use was driving her crazy. Zeph ran downstairs to see who else was awake.

Kelly was in the kitchen, making smoothies. “Morning, sunshine! Want some breakfast?”

Zephyr hesitated.

“What’s wrong?” Kelly asked.

Zeph laughed a little. “Just the sign on the toilet…”

“What sign?”

“You didn’t put it there?”

“Nope. What sign?”

“‘Don’t use me if anyone else is in the room.’”

Kelly laughed. “That one. I guess we haven’t done that one lately, have we?”

“No, we haven’t,” Amanda said. She was coming downstairs, already dressed for class. Zeph was decidedly not: she wasn’t wearing anything other than panties. “Not my favorite, especially coming at me with no warning.”

“Oh, come on, Mandy. It’s always fun. The delaying tactics, the dancing in the hallway…”

“Whatever. I’d call a yellow light on this if I couldn’t hold it—and so should you, Z.”

“It doesn’t matter,” Zephyr said. “I can’t pee if anyone’s watching, remember?”

“You managed the other month when we brought you into the house.”

“Yeah, when you literally made me drink gallons and then Sophie squeezed me.”

“Let me know if you want help dealing with that,” Amanda said.

“Yeah, or me,” Kelly added. “There’s got to be a way to get you over that shyness.”

“I’d love to try,” Zeph said, “but unless you’ve got a way that would work right now, it doesn’t help me this morning.”

“I wouldn’t have time anyway,” Amanda said. “I’m headed for campus.”

“Early for class, isn’t it?”

“Yeah, but I have a presentation to get ready for—and besides, I can use the bathroom there! Later, ladies.”

As Amanda left, Zephyr asked Kelly, “Have you seen Ashley?”

“Out back, working out.”

“Thanks.”

“You two doing good?”

“We’re doing real well, thanks!”

Zephyr stepped out the back door of the kitchen and into the back yard. This was a squished little lawn and a patio underneath the deck outside the upstairs bedrooms, with tall fences around it. Zeph didn’t even think about walking outside next to naked; the fences gave pretty complete privacy.

Ashley had set up a home gym on the patio, and she was doing shoulder presses with hand weights as Zeph walked over. “Hey, cutie,” Ash said. “Just in time—do you mind spotting for me? I want to up the weight on my bench press.”

“No problem!”

Ashley finished her set and switched both position and weights. As she did, she asked, “Did I wake you up this morning? I tried to slip out quietly.”

“I think you did—but it’s okay. I would have gotten up soon anyway.”

“Okay, whew.”

“Just one thing wrong. C’mere and kiss me good morning.”

“I knew I was forgetting something.”

It wasn’t their most romantic kiss—Ash already slightly sweaty and with a forty-five pound dumbbell in each hand—but it was still pretty sexy.

“Aren’t you cold?” Ashley said.

“No more than you are.”

“I’m working out, I’m not cold at all. But you look chilly.”

“I’m fine.”

“Your nipples say otherwise.”

“Shouldn’t you be concentrating on your form?”

“Shut up and spot me, cutie.”

“Oh, am I distracting you with my sexiness?”

“Nope,” Ash said as she powered through the next lift. “And—always…”

“Should I cover up a little?”

“Fuck no… how else… am I… supposed… to finish… this set?”

“Huh?”

Ashley did her last rep and set the weights down. “Distraction, yes. But motivation, too.”

Zephyr leaned over for a kiss. Ashley came up to meet her halfway.

“All right, time for squats,” Ash said, not sounding too excited.

“You got this.”

“It’s not that. I can do the squats. Doing them while I’ve got to pee, though—that’s something else.”

“You haven’t peed yet?”

“You saw the sign, right?”

“Mmhmm.”

Ashley shrugged and grinned.

“Who wrote it, do you think?”

“Well, go down the list of suspects. Kelly?”

“She says no.”

“Amanda?”

“Definitely not.”

“Kari?”

“Not awake yet. Same with Bella, I think.”

“So it’s either you, me, or Sophie. Who do you think?”

“Not me. So I’d say it’s 10% you or 90% Sophie.”

“Definitely Sophie. All right, I’ve stalled long enough…” And Ash picked up the heavy dumbbells and started her squat routine. Instantly she winced. “That’s—hard.”

Zeph crossed her legs in sympathy.

At the fourth rep Ashley gritted her teeth, and at the sixth she swore softly, and at the seventh she swore loudly. She dropped the weights and grabbed her crotch with both hands. Zephyr stepped closer, one hand stretched out, the other squeezed into a fist.

“I’m all right,” Ash said. “Just leaked a little, that’s all.”

Z, fighting back a sympathy leak, laid a supportive hand on Ash’s bare shoulder. Ashley tensed up.

“Sorry,” Zeph said, jerking her hand back.

“I’m fine,” Ash said, curtly. “Fine.”

“Do you want me out of your way?” Zeph asked.

“Whatever.”

“I’ll take that as a yes.”

Zeph walked back inside. Kelly was still making breakfast smoothies, this time for Bella.

“Morning, Bella,” Zeph said, trying to shake Ash’s anger out of her mind. “How’d you handle it?”

“Handle what?”

“The sign… oh. There’s a sign on the toilet that says ‘Don’t use me when anyone else is around.’”

“Oh, is that what it said?” Bella said. “I didn’t notice it until I leaned back.”

“Whoops,” Kelly said. “Well, in that case your forfeit is explaining how you would have handled that challenge, if you’d know.”

“Held it,” Bella said promptly. “I can do 24 hours without too much trouble these days.”

Kelly laughed. “Right. I should have known.”

“What challenge?” asked a sleepy voice. Kari had just come out of the Bunkroom, wearing a thin t-shirt and her pajama pants.

“We’re apparently doing the ‘Don’t use the toilet if anyone’s in the bathroom’ challenge again,” Kelly answered.

Kari rubbed her eyes, clearly only barely awake. “Okay.”

“Want your smoothie?” Kelly asked.

“’N a minute. Gotta pee.” And she walked upstairs.

“Sophie hasn’t come down yet, has she?” Zeph asked.

“Nope,” Kelly said with a grin. “But I’m guessing Kari will be back down in a minute…”

This proved accurate. Kari stumbled down the steps with a hand pressed into the crotch of her pink pajamas. “How long has Sophie been in there?” she asked.

“Since before I woke up,” Zeph said. “Which was fifteen, twenty minutes ago…”

Kari looked panicked. “And she can take hours…”

“Especially if she’s deliberately taking her time,” Kelly said.

Kari groaned.

“Want that smoothie?” Kelly asked with a grin.

Kari’s eyes got wide. “No way.”

Zephyr wasn’t sure how to feel about Kari’s blatant desperation. The girl was ace, after all. And on top of Ashley’s discomfort, Z couldn’t decide to get turned on or not. But her fingers crept to her own crotch—in part to hold back her own morning pee, but only in part.

Kari groaned again.

“It just says not to use the toilet,” Kelly helpfully suggested. “The sink’s right here. Or the back yard.”

Kari’s legs were double-crossed now. “I’m such a heavy sleeper,” she muttered. “Sometimes I don’t wake up until I’m nearly going already.”

“There are other ways…”

“And waste it?” Kari said.

“In your pajamas, though?”

“It’s laundry day anyway,” Kari muttered, bent double.

“Well, suit yourself—” Kelly said, but the “s” of “self” was lost in a much louder hiss.

Kari’s pajamas were so thin that it barely made a wet spot—her stream just powered straight through. Since she was bent over, it sprayed all over the side of the fridge and ran down in rivulets.

“Damn, girl!” Bella said.

“I’ll clean it up,” Kari said softly, still talking into her knees, still pissing. Another groan escaped her—a totally different kind.

“Oh, no problem, sweetie,” Kelly said. “You do you.”

Zephyr suddenly realized she had the choice of getting out of there or getting wet herself—one way or another. She hurried back outside.

Ashley was racking the weights. “Hey,” she said. “Sorry I snapped earlier.”

“It’s okay,” Z said, totally distracted. Her bladder was hollering for one thing, her clit for something else…

“What’s up?” Ash said.

Zeph stepped close, not much minding that her girlfriend was reeking of sweat. “Kari just wet herself in there,” she said. “And I gotta go bad—but I’m kinda getting turned on…”

Ashley smiled. “Well, I’m about to go hop in the shower, which is where I’m gonna pee. But if you’re still all hot and bothered by the time I get out—well, I don’t have to be at class for an hour.”

Zeph nodded. “Yes. Yes, please.”

“You got it. I saw Amanda leave, right? We can use her room.”

“Uh-huh.”

“You okay?”

“I really gotta go all of a sudden.”

“Come with me?” A whispered.

“I can’t, remember?”

“Even if I can’t tell when you’re going? In the shower I wouldn't be able to see.”

“…Maybe not. We can try it sometime. But I can’t risk it right now. I can’t wait.”

“Mmm, neither can I,” Ash said, “when you put it that way.” She kissed Zeph’s hair, then ran a finger down Z’s jaw, her neck, around a nipple, down to the waistband of Z’s panties. Ash snapped that waistband (Zeph shivered as the strap hit her bladder)—and then stepped inside.

When Ashley was gone, Zeph looked around quickly. She felt like she had just another few seconds, but she knew she could hold it if she had to. She just didn’t want to. She wanted to let it all out, then jump into bed with her girlfriend. But where?

Well, the lawn, obviously. She just had to be out of sight of the kitchen…

She ducked around the side of the house, tugged down her panties, and let out a huge sigh of relief. Her sigh was bigger than her piss, actually. Clearly her body just didn’t like waiting in the mornings! At least she was a bit better off than Kari…

She leaned back against the house for a minute, picturing what Kari had done, and what Ashley had been doing. And she had her panties down, so it was only natural to touch herself. Just for a moment… then another moment…

Then she pulled up her underwear and ran back inside. Ashley would be waiting.

###

Hey everyone. Been a while. But I'm back!

Stories will trickle out (heh) when I can get them done. But I hope this serves as a decent re-introduction. If you need reminders, read Season 1 here: Zephyr Moves In

Oh! And there's a side-story with almost nothing omo-related at all, just Zeph and Ash having fun. Would anyone like to read it? And if so, should I post it here, even without any omo content?

(Edits: added link, fixed tags)

*004*2020-09-02 04:24

It was going strong... and then I ran into some minor medical issues. Not giving up on this, but it's going much more slowly than I hoped!

But thanks for the kind words, everyone.

*006*2020-09-02 04:48

Already on the mend, thanks. But a sprained wrist = limited typing (+ more actual paid work!)

While I'm here, though, I do want to ask: I am a straight dude who's embarking on a lesbian love story. I feel a little awkward about that! If anyone ever feels that my characters aren't sounding right, please tell me, and I will do my best to improve.

Yes yes, it's desperation porn, who cares about characterization? Well... I do, and I'm willing to bet some of my readers do as well.

