Westfield wetting

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2025-10-01 16:48

I had just left the cinema at Westfield, and my bladder was already on the edge. I'd been desperate for a wee since about halfway through the film.

I thought I could hold it, but standing in that queue, I felt a shiver down my spine.

I froze, heart hammering, suddenly a spurt of pee escaped and warmed my knickers and then the warmth spread fast, my jeans were getting wet too, I could feel the backs of my knees getting wet.

“Oh god… oh god…” I whispered, pressing my hands against myself,fighting desperately for control.

Forty-two years old.

Pissing myself like a toddler. How did it come to this?

My cheeks burned.

My body trembled.

A kind voice from behind broke through my panic. “Excuse me… I can help you. Come with me. Lets get you into a cubicle.”

Relief collided with terror. “I… I don’t know…” I stammered.

“Let’s move to the front,” she said softly, guiding me. “People will understand.”

Someone near the front muttered, sharp and judgmental: “She doesn’t need to jump the queue she’s already gone to the loo in her jeans!”

I pressed my hands to my face. The stranger squeezed my arm gently. “Ignore her. We’re almost there.”

By the time we a cubicle door opened, my legs were shaking violently.

My body shuddered uncontrollably, and I lost all control.

Warm pee poured down my thighs, soaking my jeans completely. My trainers squelched in the puddle beneath me.

I pressed my hands against myself, sobbing quietly, utterly humiliated.

“It’s okay,” the stranger said softly, guiding me inside. “Just take a seat. You’re safe now.”

I sank down, shivering. The smell hit me immediately, the sharp smell of my pee mingling with the soapy, bleachy scent of the toilets.

Every movement made a wet squelch in my trainers.

My mind raced: I’m forty-two. I’ve just pissed myself like a toddler. The shops are all shut. I have no clean jeans, no underwear. I’m supposed to be a grown woman, a mother. And here I am, soaked, humiliated, trapped in my own wetness.

“I… I don’t know what I’d do without her,” I whispered, voice trembling. “My daughter… she has dark hair, shoulder-length, wears a green coat. She’s twenty… probably waiting somewhere.”

“She’ll be fine,” the stranger said. “I can find her for you if you like.”

“Yes, please,” I breathed. “Can you… can you find her? Tell her I need her… I need her here. She’ll understand. She’ll know what to do.”

The stranger nodded and hurried off. Minutes later, I heard a soft knock. “Mum… it’s okay. I’m here. I’ve got you.”

Hearing her voice, my chest tightened with relief and shame. “I… I’m so sorry… I… I didn’t mean to…”

“Shhh,” she said gently. “It’s okay. Don’t worry. We’ll fix it.”

Her presence grounded me, but the wet fabric clung to me, the squelch of my trainers reminding me of every second. Then she whispered, gently but firmly: “Mum… the shops are all shut. There’s nowhere to get new clothes. We have to leave as we are.”

My stomach sank. I have to walk through Westfield like this? Squelching in pissy jeans? Forty-two years old? Everyone will see…

I nodded, swallowing hard. She took my arm, guiding me out of the cubicle. Every step made my trainers squelch, wet fabric sticking to my thighs. I kept my head down, feeling the imagined stares of shoppers around me.

The whispers started almost immediately.

I pressed my face against my daughter’s shoulder, heart hammering. I’m a grown woman, soaked in my own piss. And now everyone’s staring…

Then a small, clear voice broke through.

“Look, Mum… big girls do have accidents. She’s wet herself like a baby.”

I froze. A little girl, maybe six, was tugging at her mother’s hand, pointing at me with wide eyes. My cheeks burned hotter than ever. My stomach twisted. Of course a child has to notice too…

My daughter squeezed my arm gently. “See?” she whispered. “Even she understands. Everyone has accidents sometimes.

Step by step, we moved through the corridor. My trainers squelched with every movement, the wet fabric clinging to my thighs. The echoes of every squelch bounced off the tiles. I could feel the pee spreading slightly as I walked, my chest tight with embarrassment.

Every whisper from passing shoppers set my heart racing:

“Did you see her?”

“Really? In her jeans?”

“Oh my god…”

I kept my head down, leaning on my daughter, gripping her hand tightly. Forty-two years old. I’ve pissed myself like a toddler. But I’m still walking. Still alive. My daughter is here. I’m still human.

Each step, each squelch, echoed in my ears. My cheeks burned. My jeans were soaked and clung to me wetly, my trainers squelching with every tiny movement. And yet, somehow, with her there, whispering encouragement, holding me, I made it through the mall.

*001*2025-10-01 21:19

Another perspective:

I’d just come out of the cinema at Westfield and joined the queue for the toilets. It was busy, the usual post-film rush with women lined up down the corridor, coats draped over arms, the air thick with the smell of popcorn and perfume.

That’s when I noticed her. A woman in her early forties, a few people ahead of me, standing rigidly, her shoulders hunched. At first I thought she was just impatient, but then I saw the way her legs pressed together, her hand twitching at her side.

And then it happened. A dark patch bloomed across the back of her jeans. She gasped quietly, her whole body tensing, but she couldn’t stop it. It dripped down her legs, spreading until her trainers glistened under the bright lights. A small puddle formed around her feet, creeping across the tiles. The sound of it, the trickle and splash, cut through the low murmur of the queue.

My heart twisted. I could see the shame written all over her face as she pressed her hands to her cheeks.

I stepped forward, gently touching her arm. “Excuse me… do you want some help?”

Her eyes were wet with tears. She nodded, unable to speak.

“Come on,” I said softly, guiding her forward. “Let’s get you into a cubicle.”

We edged past the line, and I leaned in so only she could hear. “It’s all right, don’t worry. People will understand.”

Not everyone, though. One woman near the front muttered loudly: “She doesn’t need to jump the queue — she’s already gone to the loo in her jeans.”

The poor woman flinched as though she’d been struck. I glared at the woman in the queue and tightened my grip on the stranger’s arm. “Ignore her. You’re nearly there.”

By the time we reached a cubicle, the lady’s legs were trembling. And then she lost it completely. The flood poured down her jeans, soaking her through, streaming into her trainers. The squelch as she shifted her feet was loud in the tiled space. She sobbed, completely undone.

I helped her into the cubicle, whispering, “Just take a seat. You’re safe now.”

She collapsed onto the toilet lid, shaking. “I… I don’t know what to do,” she whispered. “My daughter… she’s twenty, dark hair, green coat. She’s waiting somewhere. Could you… please… find her?”

“Of course,” I said.

I left her, still trembling in her soaked clothes, and scanned the crowd outside. It didn’t take long, I spotted a young woman, maybe a year or two younger than me, anxiously looking about near the benches. I hurried over.

“Excuse me are you waiting for your mum?

Her face lit up with recognition, then tightened with worry. “Yes, that’s me. What’s happened?”

I took a breath. “She’s had an accident. She wet herself in the queue. She’s in the toilets now, but she’s asking for you.”

The daughter blinked, stunned, then nodded quickly. “Thank you… thank you for helping her.”

I led her back, and she went into the cubicle with her mum, murmuring reassurances. I waited nearby, leaning against the tiles, pretending to check my phone.

I heard her tell her mum the bad news: the shops were shut. No chance of getting fresh jeans or underwear tonight.

When they finally emerged, her mum clung to her arm, head down, jeans still dark and clinging, trainers squelching audibly with every step. Whispers rippled through the queue. I caught fragments: “She actually went…” “Oh god, imagine…”

And then, the piercing voice of a little girl: “Look, Mum big girls do have accidents. She’s wet herself like a baby.”

The poor woman froze, her face crumpling. Her daughter gave her arm a squeeze and kept her moving.

I stayed behind, letting them go on together. Watching them disappear into the crowd one walking in wet, squelching shoes, the other holding her steady.

I thought about how fragile dignity really is and how sometimes, all you can do for someone is step in, offer a hand, and make sure they don’t have to face it alone.

*007*2025-10-02 12:08

{{1 hour ago, Heloctre said:

Do you plan to do a third part with the girl's point of view?

}}

Thats a good idea actually. I will see what I can do.

*009*2025-10-02 21:43

The daughter's POV

I was standing outside the toilets, pretending to scroll my phone, but really just waiting, restless.

The cinema crowd spilled through the concourse, chatter mixed with the buttery smell of popcorn and the sharp tang of perfume.

I kept glancing toward the corridor, wondering why Mum was taking so long.

Then a girl about my age appeared, eyes darting, cheeks pink.

“Are you waiting for your mum?” she asked describing mum perfectly.

My stomach clenched. “Yes. Why?”

“She’s had… an accident,” the girl said gently. “She wet herself in the queue. She’s in the toilets now. She asked me to find you.”

Her words seemed to echo, like I’d misheard them.

Wet herself.

My mum?

The woman who carried herself like nothing could touch her?

For a split second, shame and disbelief tangled in me like the ground had shifted.

Then guilt flooded in. She must be mortified.

“Thank you,” I whispered, already moving.

Inside, I found her. And the sight hit me like a punch.

She was perched on the closed toilet lid, jeans clinging dark to her thighs, trainers soaked, a glossy puddle still spreading faintly beneath her.

Her face was blotchy, damp with tears, and her hands trembled in her lap.

The sharp scent of urine hung faintly in the cubicle, cutting through the artificial floral smell of hand soap.

“Mum…” My voice cracked. She looked up, and her eyes, so full of shame, pleading nearly broke me.

“I couldn’t hold it,” she whispered, her voice shaking. “I tried… I’m so sorry.”

The words twisted in me. For a split second, horribly, I felt the sting of humiliation too.

The thought of everyone out there seeing her like this, seeing me with her. But the second her shoulders shook under my arms, that thought dissolved. All I felt was fierce love.

I crouched down and hugged her, not caring about the damp seeping through my coat sleeve. The denim was cold and clammy under my hand, the fabric heavy with wet.

She smelled faintly of perfume still, but it was overlaid now with that acrid note of urine.

I hated that she felt she had to apologise to me for something her body had betrayed her with.

“Don’t say sorry,” I murmured into her hair. “It’s just an accident. Nothing changes who you are. You’re my mum.”

I tried to think of a way to help, new jeans, underwear, a quick dash to the shops but when I realised everything was already closed, my stomach sank.

How could I tell her?

How could I send her back out there like this?

When we finally stepped out together, I kept my arm tight around hers.

Each step was a squelch from her soaked trainers, too loud, impossible to ignore.

Her jeans clung, glistening in places under the harsh bathroom lights. I could feel the heat of her shame as if it radiated through my own skin.

People’s eyes followed us. The whispers weren’t subtle:

“She actually went…”

“Oh god, imagine…”

Every word burned. My face flamed with rage and second-hand shame.

Then the worst, clear and piercing, a child’s voice that seemed to slice the air in two:

“Look, Mum big girls do have accidents. She’s wet herself like a baby.”

I felt Mum freeze beside me. Her whole body went rigid, her breath catching in a choked sob.

My chest ached with fury. I wanted to turn, to shout at them all, to tell them how cruel they were, how they had no right. But instead, I squeezed her arm tighter.

“Keep walking,” I whispered, steady but trembling inside. “Don’t listen. I’ve got you.”

We moved through the corridor, the sound of her squelching trainers and the faint sticky slap of wet fabric haunting every step. She kept her head bowed, and I kept mine high, daring anyone to say another word.

Inside, though, my emotions were a war. Part of me burned with shame, wanting to disappear too, but stronger than that was something fiercer, protectiveness, love, the certainty that she wasn’t going to face this alone.

This was my mum. The woman who had carried me through every sickness, every mistake, every childhood accident.

Now it was my turn.

Dignity might be fragile, I thought as we disappeared into the crowd, but love, love could hold someone up, even when everything else fell away.

