My Australian Mimi and the BBS

Author: watcherw

*000*2016-12-09 19:56

My Australian Mimi and the “WetSet BBS”

By Watcher

Last year, I spent three months as an exchange student in Sydney, Australia. It was a great time – lovely country, lively people. I really liked some of the Australian girls – especially the outdoors type, with tanned, long legs who looked fantastic in shorts!

Anyway, I was in the college library at about 8:30 in the evening. I had finished my assignments, and was thinking about doing something much more relaxing than writing papers. So, I went over to one of the library’s computers and signed on to the internet. There was no-one else around so I logged on to the “WetSet BBS”, and was soon engrossed in reading some of the accident reports. Then I switched over to Patche’s place and was soon engrossed in one of Lawrence Morgan’s excellent tale about the girl who wet her pants because he wouldn’t let her out of the exam early! Then I switched back to the Wetset BBS.

I didn’t here someone enter the library, and was really startled by someone pausing behind me, partially leaning over my shoulder and saying “Hi”. I looked up – it was Mimi, probably the most attractive girl I had seen since I arrived in Australia. You know it’s rude to stare at what someone else is looking at on their screen – unless invited of course – and Mimi wasn’t looking at the screen, because she had moved to beside the monitor. But I felt really embarrassed, for I was sure she couldn’t have helped but see the page I was viewing as she approached me.

“Hi” I replied, not knowing just what to say – “Glad I’m not the only one working late. I’m almost finished!”.

“Me too – I spent the afternoon in the Science Library, and I’ll only be few minutes” Mimi said “how’d you like to join me for a beer at about 9?”

I of course accepted with enthusiasm. It certainly wasn’t every day that I received an invitation like that from such a lovely girl. Mimi walked over to the bookshelves and reached up high to get a volume off the top shelf. As she stretched up, extending her arms high above her head, her tight mini moved even further up her legs, showing her slender thighs and calves, the sexy shape of her long legs was accentuated as she stood on the tips of her toes to reach up and grab the book.

It was hard to concentrate on anything after this! So at about ten to nine I went over to the desk she was using. She smiled, and began to put away her books into her backpack. “I’m ready for that beer” she said as she stood up and slung her pack over her shoulders.

We crossed campus to the pub, and soon were sitting enjoying our well earned beers. There were very few other students there – it was mid-week.

Mimi was sitting opposite me across a small round table. She put down her beer, rested her chin on both hands, and leaning towards me on her elbows softly said “I couldn’t help but notice that you were looking at one of my favorite web-sites!”

I was initially embarrassed, then the implication of what she was saying hit me. “Which one?” I gulped out

“Well, I enjoy some of the postings on the WetSet BBS” Mimi said, and ‘Patche’s Place is good too, but there hasn’t been much activity there of late. What stories do you like best ?”

“Oh,” I said, “I especially like good descriptions of desperation, ending with the girl eventually wetting her panties.” I paused, “How about you ?”

“Well,” she said “I like stories where the girl is with a really nice guy in some cosy situation, and he holds her in his arms as she reaches the point where she has to wet her panties, “ Mimi laughed softly, then leant forwards towards me again, looking right into my eyes “I just close my eyes, and imagine I’m that girl!”

“Mimi” I asked “Did you ever wet your panties?”

“Yes” she said, “But it’s not much fun on my own – I wish I had a guy who enjoyed watching me as I wet my panties.”

“Mimi,” I asked “Would you . . ?”

Before I could finish my question, Mimi interrupted “Yes ??”

“Would you like to go back to the library and browse the net some more ?”

Mimi leant back, resting her hands on her thighs, “Not really” she said, shaking her head “Besides, the library will close in about 30 minutes.”

We stared at each other, and I could feel the moment of a lifetime fading away.

“But,” Mimi began to say – “My folks are away for the week – you could come over to my place and we could browse together!”

“OK” I said, “Tonight ?”

“Yes” Mimi said. “You have a car, I’ll leave my bike on campus, and you can drive me back in the morning.”

Well, when we got to Mimi’s place, we settled down on the sofa, while she hooked up her laptop to the phone line and logged on. I asked her to log onto Patch’s Place, because she wanted to know what stories I liked. So I decided to show her! First we read Lawrence Morgan’s “Test Anxiety”, then I showed her Watcher’s stories!

“I know them well” she said, “Especially ‘Mimi’s Mishap!’ ” she exclaimed, “What a coincidence – my name! And then I remember seeing ‘Mimi’s Long Wait’ on the BBS a month or so ago!”

Mimi looked at me, reached out and clasped my hands in hers “Are you, Watcher?” she asked quietly.

“Yes” I said. “I am Watcher!” I held her hands tightly “And you have made an incredible impression on me!”

Mimi leant towards me and kissed my cheek ever so gently, then whispered those magic, magic words into into my ear. “I’ll wet my panties for you – if you would like me to!”

