The Greatest Love Story

Author: westegg

*000*2013-08-20 22:17

I.

The End

Coming back into consciousness felt very similar to having been buried under an infinite number of pillows, all of which had, in an instant, disappeared.

The first thing she became aware of was the cool air in her mouth, which with her first breath she could trace all the way down to her lungs, and into her heart. It felt soft, and full of life. She lay there, in absolute silence, pressed on all sides by a complete absence of anything. The darkness, once she had regained her awareness just enough, swiftly became a threatening presence, and one which she felt that she had to vacate as soon as possible.

… but not just yet. At the same time, she felt nothing but an overwhelming calmness, almost unable to move and completely unwilling to even attempt it. Memories began to drip, like a broken tap, drop by drop, into her head.

I am where I am supposed to be.

She exhaled, realising that she had been holding her breath in some sort of anticipation of this approaching recollection. She took another wonderful, cold breath in, expectantly… but nothing else came. She was in such equilibrium, she considered that thinking would undo the bliss. Yet now she felt the urge to move, some itch in her hands, somewhere deep inside them, dragged them from atop her belly and to her side, whereon she immediately felt the cold harshness of stone under the touch. It was hard and cold, but she didn’t feel sore, like a person who sleeps on a stone bed should; her fingers folded gently over the edges and she concluded that she lay on a narrow bed, designed for just one. How would she fit her handsome Romeo on here, her stone bed of everlasting bliss?

She squirmed ever so slightly, a tingling now beginning to engulf her back, and feet, as though just now beginning to come back to life. The smallest of movement alerted her to her clothing; a silky gown of some kind seemed to glide down almost to her feet, and so far as she could tell for without further examination, this was all. She also concluded in the very same moment, that it was wet – but only under her backside and again for want of further examination, nowhere else.

She looked up, expecting to see the source of the wetness, some leak above her, but she quickly realised that the enterprise was fruitless and that she couldn’t see a thing. So she took a hand, becoming now less heavy and more agile, and placed it back on her front, but she could feel no dampness. On the contrary, in fact, the material felt warm and soft after the stone. She felt every inch of the front of her resting-gown, all that she could reach by only exercising her hand and arm, and found it to be all entirely dry.

The realisation that she had emptied her bladder during her long rest came not long after the examination of her gown, and yet it didn’t trouble her, for her calmness could not be bothered by anything in the world. She knew that the potion she had taken would likely be to blame for this minor side-effect, and figured that as she had been, to the world, dead, the fluid inside her must surely have trickled out slowly. Two days, asleep, in the cold and unsavoury room, while lying on a wet fabric, was likely to blame for the itch she felt in her pubic area, as the awakening tingling itself spread too through her midriff. She impulsively pressed her hand, through the gown, against her crotch, and found that immediately the soft and silky fabric against the bristling, short hair and damp skin below was not just the cure for the itch she temporarily had felt, but immediately a pleasurable and entirely warming experience.

It was as though all of the blood in her small body had instantaneously rushed to her head and her pubis; this was, paradoxically, both a familiar and new feeling to her. She abruptly became completely unaware of the absence of her surroundings, and as she toyed the dampening gown over her clit, and hooked it slightly inside herself, felt the rush of an orgasm begin to flood into her within little time. The sheer silence of the room throbbed in her ears, and in the ear’s heartbeat she faintly heard voices, familiar voices, but distant; as though in a very large room many miles away–

“Here’s one, which knows you well…”, but it’s too distant, and an orgasm was still engulfing her newly hot body. “…and there’s my master, one that you love”. She thinks the other replied by asking of the identity of the ‘master’, but the flood of heat into her cold body, and the exhilaration of her pleasure leaves her feeling faint, and hot. She closed her eyes, and flopped her head onto its side.

She awakened again, to the sound of one of the two voices, but closer now. The voice, a soft male voice, was in the room with her.

“…what an unkind hour is guilty of this lamentable chance?” Her head pounded, and now a little light in the room, which had earlier had no light at all, burned her eyes and she moaned painfully. The voice seemed to hold conversation with this sigh: “the lady stirs.”

In an instant she knew who he is and why he is now with her. “Comfortable Friar,” she could still barely see the holy man in the bright light. “Where’s my lord? I remember well where I should be, and there I am…” she wrapped her fingers around the edge of the stone bed once again, the guilty memory of her actions moments ago hidden in the wet gown.

“Where is my Romeo?”

On her feet now, she walked toward him, for he is the safe and comforting Friar, and he will tell her how to be reunited with her lover now that her plan to feign death and avoid an unwanted marriage has been carried out. Little did Juliet know that her Romeo had been lying dead, beside the very plinth on which she just felt such pleasure, and that on the other side her forced husband whom she was avoiding, the body of the Count, Paris.

She would be found dead before morning.

###

*001*2013-08-22 17:46

II.

In Confidence

“…now, sir, her father counts it dangerous that she gives her sorrow so much sway, and in his wisdom hastes our marriage to stop the inundation of her tears, which too much minded by herself alone may be put from her by society…” as she approached the Friar’s living space, she was sure that it was the creep Paris’ voice floating down the stone corridor. What’s his business with the Friar? She could be sure that he was talking about her. “…now, sir, do you know the reason of his haste.”

“I would I knew not why it should be slowed.” The Friar, a friend; aside from Romeo perhaps her only other friend, and she knew that they were talking about the marriage between she and Paris. Her friend’s reply was well tempered and she sighed gratefully to herself. She knew she could trust him, for he was not giving Paris anything more than reason to leave; little did she realise that the Friar had now been looking at her for a few moments. “Here comes the lady.”

“Happily met; my lady and my wife.”

Somehow, Paris’ voice grated her much more than usual. “That may be, sir, when I may be a wife.”

“That may be must be on Thursday.”

Indeed, on Thursday and forever beyond her life would be ended; she would rather be dead than married to Paris. In the rush of anger, while spitting back at him, “what must be shall be”, she felt the familiar urge. More frequently, recently, this had happened; as if the muscles around her private parts, keeping her – well, dry – were completely numb, and as if she should simply release herself, and that it wouldn’t shame her in any way, but liberate her…

She snapped back into the present, this thought had wholly engulfed her mind and she had only faintly heard Paris ask her if she had come to confess to the Friar. Confess – as if Paris knew what was in her mind, and what she was doing, with the Montague, Romeo, and what she had just considered doing. She knew that the news of Romeo’s being thrown out of the country had put her into an incredibly dark place, and this strange urge she had just felt, she presumed to be the result of that.

“Do not deny to him that you love me”, said Paris.

He could not be more wrong. Breathless with anger now, she trembled, and focused all of her mind on the most venomous response she could muster, without realising as she so icily dealt it, a small spurt of urine leaked out of her. Immediately, as soon as her words ended, did she become acutely aware of this; this was the first time, never before had she done this without thinking about it. She trembled, again, suddenly feeling an overwhelming… guilt? Not that, concern, perhaps, that she was in some way losing control of herself. She needed to remove Paris, and beg the Friar for help. “Are you at leisure, holy Friar”, she asked, begging with her eyes the pain, which the man duly responded to.

“My lord, we must entreat the time alone.”

Paris attempted to kiss her as she left, he even slipped his hand onto her crotch. She was simmering with rage, and yet felt so without reason to pick a fight with the vile creep, without reason to do anything without Romeo. She was more acutely conscious of the fact that the vile creep may have also felt her wetness, albeit a slight, but she was absolutely sure that his eyes, as he left her and the Friar, were alive with sexual arousal. Perhaps he took her slight wetness to mean some signal, a ‘yes’. She didn’t know, and nor did she care.

“Oh, shut the door…” She collapsed to the ground, and the force of hitting it, completely dead weight, forced another spurt of urine into the soft undergarments, this one much larger than before. She wasn’t even aware of her need to go, until now. “Come, weep with me. Past hope, past cure, past help…”, she sobbed.

“Juliet, I already know your grief”, he replied, as if they were both talking about precisely the same thing, but even the knowledgeable holy man didn’t know everything about young Juliet.

“If in your wisdom, you can give no help, call my resolution wise and with this knife…” she took a blade from within her robes, and held it, slightly more threateningly towards the Friar than she had intended – “…I’ll help it presently”. She made a motion to stab herself, not intending to, but knowing that she would; and she broke down.

The valiant holy man attempted to comfort the uncontrollable sobbing of Juliet, crouched beside her, with an arm around her. She dropped the blade to the stone floor, and the metal on stone lapped the room for seconds, before he noticed the small trickle of fluid streaming away from where Juliet sat, through the cracks between the stones.

She had no idea why, but she couldn’t stop it. The flow had started before she was aware that it was even approaching and now, now it was completely unstoppable. Between sobs and gasps for air, she could hear the gentle hiss, and it warmed her so much more than anything had warmed her since she had heard of Romeo’s punishment.

The Friar continued his attempt to calm the poor Juliet. “Hold, I do spy a kind of hope which craves as desperate an execution as that is desperate which we would prevent…” His word choice, in the present context, seemed poor, but she allowed him to continue. The next words he uttered, little did she realise, would be the plan which concluded in her and her love’s deaths. She listened, absent-mindedly examining the damage she had done to herself. As he spoke, she lifted her robes; she glanced at him to be sure he was not looking, which, duly, he was not, and she looked at her under-garments. The silky material wrapped tightly around her legs, ending mid-way up her thigh, was on one leg wet on the inside, but nowhere else. The stream, she noticed, had not just fallen directly onto the floor, but had crept down her leg and dampened the stockings. Also near to the feet, where the stream had flowed around her legs, she noticed, she was wet.

She looked back up her thighs, her eyes reaching the silk material which hugged her bristling crotch – she could see a line, in the cream knickers, where the dry became the wet, and it was high, higher up the front than she thought it would be. She touched it, with a gentle finger, pressing it between the lips semi-intentionally, and gasped. She gasped not only at the fabric, which was wet and soft and perhaps the most sensual texture she had ever felt, but moreover she gasped unintentionally at the flood of pleasure the pressing of a single finger against herself had given her.

“This shall free you from your present shame…” he was talking to her, and she hadn’t really been listening. She had the distinct impression that he was merely repeating himself, perhaps nervously, as she suddenly became aware that she was acting in the least demure manner which she possibly could. It took her a few moments to realise that her ‘present shame’ was not her having now wet herself, but in regard to her imposing forced marriage.

For some reason, the humble Friar kissed Juliet on the forehead as she sat. This action gave her a comforting warmth, almost as much as she had felt by wetting and then touching herself, and it gave her a great hope, and her hopes strengthened as she listened finally to the Friar’s wise plan; to take a sleeping potion, feign death, and to finally awaken in the arms of her Romeo. The vial in her hand she left the Friar, ready to begin her new life.

###

I'm posting the second chapter short of any replies or evidence that anybody has even read this at all, because I think the first chapter is short on omorashi interest, and was unnecessarily morbid.

