An Incident At General Lace

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2017-07-27 04:48

Ms Keller: So do I just get going? Or are y'all going to ask me questions? Or?

Lee: We'll ask questions if and when we need clarification but otherwise we'd just like to have a official record of what you saw.

Ms Keller: OK. Well Dottie went and threw her...

Baker: Wait wait! Would you mind starting at the beginning. The context of the incident is important as well.

Lee: Ms Keller isn't an expert in workplace conditions. She should stick to the facts.

Baker: The facts aren't in dispute! Ms Keller is explicitly and solely here to provide context.

Adams: Quiet! *A pause* Ms Keller may provide context to the incident. But no editorializing. And I don't want to see you leading her Mr Baker.

Baker: Would you be able to start your recount as soon as you were aware that Ms Bishop was in a state, please Ms Keller.

Ms Keller: I guess that would be the first time she asked Mr Howard for an emergency break.

Baker: And what time was that?

Ms Keller: *A pause* I guess I don't really remember.

Baker: Does 10:15 sound about right?

Ms Keller: I guess.

Lee: Speculative. The witness doesn't remember.

Adams: Agreed.

Baker: Would you say it was about ninety minutes prior to the incident though?

Ms Keller: Yes. That's about right.

Baker: Did you know at the time why Ms Bishop was requesting a break?

Ms Keller: No. We don't talk while we are on the line. But I noticed after that she was shifting around a lot so I figured she must need the restroom.

Lee: Speculative.

Baker: In light of subsequent events?

Adams: Permitted. Please continue.

Baker: Did you hear what Mr Howard said?

Ms Keller: He said "no". Was the gist of it. He made some comment about women and their bladders. I don't rightly remember exact though.

Baker: Is that usual for Mr Howard to say no to an emergency break?

Ms Keller: It's usual for most the supervisors to say no. I think it's company policy.

Lee: Speculative. Ms Keller isn't an expert on contract law.

Baker: But she does work at General Lace?

Adams: Please don't speculate Ms Keller.

Ms Keller: Sorry. *A pause* But no. The supervisors usually don't allow emergency breaks. Mr Howard never has to my experience.

Baker: And then what happened?

Ms Keller: Well Dottie asked him again a while later. maybe forty minutes or thereabouts. He said no again and swore at her. Told her not to ask again. To act like a lady.

Baker: Is that how Mr Howard usually speaks to women. In your experience.

Ms Keller: Yes. He wasn't treating Dottie different or nothing.

Baker: Please go on.

Ms Keller: Well eventually, maybe a half hour after she asked that second time, I heard a sort of dripping sound, and of course I immediately knew what had happened.

Baker: And what had happened? For the record?

Ms Keller: Dottie had done and pissed herself is what. I looked over and there was this great puddle growing round her feet.

Baker: Does this happen often?

Lee: Specu...

Baker: In your experience?

Ms Keller: Well not to me. I just don't drink nothing before I go to work. And I've never seen Dottie do it before. But yeah. I guess it happens a fair bit. We don't talk about it too much. But I reckon I've seen puddles, or wet dresses at least once a week. I know some of the girls, specially the pregnant ones, or the ones with kids, make themselves diapers to wear on the line.

Lee: Is this relevant?

Baker: I think this is highly relevant. It shows the incident in the full context of the conditions at General Lace.

Adams: Agreed.

Baker: So what happened after. *A pause* After that.

Ms Keller: Well after Dottie was done pissing herself she walked off the line...

Lee: In contravention of her job requirements.

Adams: We'll get to that at a later session Mr Lee.

Ms Keller: Mr Howard saw her and yelled at her to get back on the line.

Baker: What did she say to him?

Ms Keller: I'm not real comfortable saying what she said exactly.

Lee: Please do. Accurate reporting of incidents is a condition of your employment.

Ms Keller: Um. She said "I've fucking pissed myself and I'm not just going to wallow in it."

Baker: Were you surprised by her behavior?

Ms Keller: Well yeah. No one walks off line. If a girl has an accident they just finish their shift. It's just what we do.

Baker: But she came back?

Ms Keller: Uh huh. About ten minutes later. Came right up to Mr Howard. Didn't say nothing this time. Just throw her undergarments at him.

Baker: Was he struck?

Ms Keller: Not exact. He uh... he caught them. Dropped them pretty fast though. He was pretty steamed. Yelled at her to go home. I found out she was fired the next day.

Baker: Do you feel Ms Bishop was justified in her behavior?

Lee: We aren't hear to hear Ms Keller's opinions.

Adams: Agreed. I think we've heard enough. Thank you for your time Ms Keller. You are excused.

*003*2017-07-27 11:22

{{5 hours ago, Bellatrix1 said:

That was interesting

}}

{{4 hours ago, Keita123 said:

How terrible...

}}

I was going for a mixture of both. I've recently been reading about corporate attitudes toward bathroom breaks in factory work over the last 150 years. Things still are not particularly worker friendly in certain countries. Not to get political.

