Meagan & the Gentleman: City Lights

Author: Weasel

*000*2018-03-25 00:25

Hello, friends! Sorry this took so long. March was evil. But I'm writing again and making some progress, and I think I've kept you waiting long enough.

The usual links:

Sexting

Cabin in the Woods

As promised, this is another pushing-Meagan's-limits story, but it's also an intensely personal story. Much of what you read here is based on true incidents, and are rooted in real times and places. But no more chatter—I'll save the commentary for the DVD. Here we go!

###

“So I’m going up to Chicago in a couple weeks,” Meagan announced. “Just for the weekend. Wanna come with?”

“Sure.”

“I promise that it’ll be worth your while.”

“I already said sure.”

“I know, I’ve just always wanted to say that.”

They headed out on a fine late-summer Friday afternoon, rolling toward the big city through the still-strong Midwest heat, Meagan in the driver’s seat, Parker beside her, hands clasped together as soon as Meagan got them into 5th gear, a mixtape in the tape deck (Meagan’s car was old) and the windows cracked to catch the breeze. They hit Chicago well after dark, but Meagan had been this way before, and found her friend’s place without much trouble.

Her friend was named Celia—a little older, a veteran of Camp Graham, and apparently something of a mentor. Meagan was ecstatic to see her and Celia no less delighted in turn. Celia fed them a late dinner and some beer, but Meagan said, “We should bed down pretty soon… my appointment’s pretty early.”

“In that case, help yourself to anything for breakfast, but don’t wake me up. Saturday’s my day to sleep in,” Celia said—and then added, “So I should give you your present now.” She handed over a card.

Meagan read the card, chuckled, then opened it up. Something slid out, and Meagan said, “A gift certificate! To… oh. Oh, Celia…”

“You deserve it, hon, and I got a bonus,” Celia said. “Treat yourself. And the boy, too,” she added, smiling at Parker.

“Oh, Celia, thank you, thank you…”

“Tell me how it turns out!”

“What’s the certificate for?” Parker asked.

Meagan grinned. “Do you like surprises?”

“If they involve you, then yes.”

“This most certainly does.”

“Then I can wait.”

Celia had a funky old Chicago-brownstone apartment, with the 3rd-story bay window facing the street. And in that funky old apartment she had a creaky old fold-out sofa bed… but no air conditioning. It was hot that night, and though Celia had fitted them out with a sheet, Meagan and Parker immediately kicked it off. Meagan had put on a t-shirt and shorts to sleep, but not five minutes after they’d turned out the lights, she sat up and pulled both off. Parker could see her silhouetted against the window, naked except for her panties. Here they were, sharing a bed—something they did not always get to do—and she was all but naked. He decided to seize the opportunity and cozied up to her.

“It’s too hot for that, lover,” she whispered.

“You’re too hot for me not to,” he whispered back.

She chuckled, softly. “No sex tonight,” she whispered. “Still too hot, and this sofa bed creaks like crazy. We’d wake Celia up.”

Parker never knew how she could read his mind, but somehow she managed it—picking up on his disappointment immediately. “You can feel me up, though,” she added. “And I promise I’ll make it up to you. You’ll see.”

It took some time for Parker to fall asleep, between the unaccustomed light and noise on the one hand—the interstate was not far from Celia’s apartment—and Meagan’s boobs in his hand on the other, and their mysterious errand puzzling him as well. The heat didn’t help, either. But in the end he dropped off at last, still feeling Meagan’s chest rising and falling under his hand.

###

The next day they were awakened by a cool breeze through the windows. Meagan sat up, stretched, and padded barefoot and bare-breasted to the bathroom. Parker poured them some cereal, and after eating it between whispers, Meagan left a note, folded up her gift certificate, and led Parker downstairs.

“So what’s your appointment?” Parker asked.

“Well, it will be our appointments—if you’re willing,” Meagan said.

Parker’s eyebrows shot up. “Um, I’m gonna need more info,” he said.

“My appointment’s with Planned Parenthood,” Meagan said. “And don’t worry, I’m not pregnant. The idea is to keep me that way. I’m getting an IUD put in.”

“I thought those were kinda dangerous?”

“Used to be, but they fixed them. I’m getting one… and I’m also getting tested for STDs. If you’re willing to get tested too, and we both come back clean, then—” she drew out the word gleefully “—we won’t have to use condoms any more.”

Parker’s heartbeat picked up. “Oh, wow.”

Meagan’s grin went from ear to ear. “And that’s just the beginning, lover. You’ll see the rest afterward. Are you willing to get tested?”

“Uh… what do I have to do?”

“Pee in a cup, mostly. A couple blood draws for the bigger stuff.”

“Um, do I have to? Because I’ve never really had unprotected sex.”

“It’s still good to check,” Meagan said. “Sometimes the condom breaks, after all.”

Parker swallowed. “Okay. I can do that.”

“Good. Good! Let’s go!”

Planned Parenthood was a strange mix of friendly and professional, cozy and sterile. Despite the straightforward approach all the staff took, however, it was all awkward for Parker. He peed where they wanted him to pee and bled where they wanted him to bleed, then waited around trying not to make eye contact with anyone until Meagan came out. She paid at the front desk, slipped her arm around him, and kissed him.

“How are you doing?” she asked.

“A little weirded out,” he admitted. “How are you?”

“This IUD feels strange,” she said. “The doctor said I’ll get used to it, and she warned me I’ll probably bleed a little for a while—all perfectly normal. She wasn’t too thrilled that I was leaving town, just in case there are any complications, but she understood. A lot of people come here from out of town. Or out of state, even, like us. She told me where one is that’s a little closer, if something does need to get checked out…”

“We came out to Chicago to cover our tracks, huh?” Parker said.

“Yup. Officially, to my parents, I’m here to visit Celia. And that’s totally true. But Celia told me this center was good and helped me make the arrangements.” Meagan slipped her arm through his. “Shall we go?”

“We shall! …Where shall we go?”

“You’ll see,” Meagan said, still grinning, as they made their way back to the car.

She checked her gift certificate, still keeping it hidden, then got out a map of the city and unfolded it across the hood of the car. She said, “All right, we’re basically headed for Lincoln and Paulina, which is there. And we’re here. Help me navigate?”

Despite the inherent simplicity of Chicago’s grid, it still took some time to reach their destination, as there was a little traffic and they took one or two wrong turns. And then it took a little while to find parking. Both of them were hungry by then, so instead of going straight in, they found a Thai place and bought some noodles, which then prompted drinking some water. So it was well past noon when Meagan finally led the way to the store she had in mind. Parker noted the name, the style of the sign, and the fact that there were no windows and took a guess as to what he was about to see.

When they stepped inside, Meagan gave a low, appreciative whistle, and Parker thought, Yup, I was right this time…

Sex toys, as far as the eye could see.

Meagan asked the straightforward staff member at the front desk about what she was looking for, and then led Parker down the appropriate aisle to the vibrator section.

“Celia said that once I had a good vibe, I’d see what I was missing,” she said quietly.

“Do we really need this?” Parker said, uneasily.

Meagan grinned and kissed him. “Hey. Don’t be so insecure. I love you and I’m hot for you and you make me come a lot. This is not because you’re not good enough, it’s just that there’s some stuff that bodies need a little help with. I think you’ll enjoy using it on me… whichever one we end up with…”

It took some time, because they had to triangulate quite a few variables, including price, power, performance, and maintenance. Meagan tested out several (against the palm of her hand) until she found one that had a nice range of functions and enough kick for her taste. Then they spent a little time choosing the right lubes and cleaning solutions, because apparently the silicone that the toy was made from required some special consideration. And then they had to pause for a minute while Meagan re-did all the math to see if she really wanted to spend that much: Celia’s gift certificate was for a substantial sum, but with all their purchases put together it still came to a sizable price. Once Meagan’s freakout was over, however, she paid her money and nearly skipped out of the store.

They drove south a bit to pick up I-90/94, having decided against fighting across town to take Lakeshore Drive. There were a lot of lights and a lot of stop-and-go, but eventually they got onto the interstate and drove freely toward downtown, the Sears Tower looming enormous above it all.

…For all of two minutes. Almost immediately they saw brake lights, and had to slow to a crawl.

Both of them groaned in frustration. “I did not sign up for this,” Meagan said, shifting a bit in her seat. “I’ve spent too dang long in this car this weekend already and I’m gonna have to spend even more tomorrow… this just ain’t fair!”

Parker agreed that it was rotten luck. “But at least we’re together,” he said, taking her hand. “It could be a lot worse.”

“That’s true,” Meagan said. “And it may get a lot worse.”

A few minutes later, having moved just two or three car-lengths, Meagan sighed and drummed her fingers on the steering wheel. “Well, that makes it official, I guess,” she said.

“What?”

“Worst-case scenario. We’re stuck in traffic, with no idea for how long or how far this jam goes, and I gotta pee.”

Parker’s adrenaline spiked… but that phrase “worst-case scenario” made him a little uneasy.

“Um, should I be turned on by this?” he said cautiously.

Meagan laughed, a little. “Well, I have to say I really prefer it when I get to decide when to turn you on like this,” she said. “Much, much more satisfying to me. But… what the hell. Life just gave us some lemons, we might as well go ahead and make you some lemonade.”

“I don’t want lemonade, unless you want it too,” Parker said stoutly, but he wondered just how much he really meant it.

“Oh, relax, lover. Go ahead and enjoy it. If nothing else, this’ll make the trip way more interesting.”

The stop-creep-stop-creep of traffic was brutal on stick-shift drivers. Meagan tried to keep it in first and inch along at a quarter-mile per hour, but too often she had to stop… and then start again a minute later.

“Where’s that map?” Meagan demanded.

Parker unfolded it.

“I wanna know how far we have to go on this road,” Meagan said, “or if we can bail out and take surface streets.”

“Where are we headed, again?”

Meagan leaned over, scanned the map, and pointed. “About there. Bridgeport, that’s where Celia lives.”

“Ummmm—I’m guessing it’s about five miles?”

“Five miles… well, we’re doing about five miles an hour on average, maybe a little less… yeah, I can probably hold it that long.”

“I’m totally fine with this.”

“I just hope that wasn’t ‘famous last words’…”

“You can totally do this. You’re amazing.”

“Damn right. …I’m bored, though.”

“I’m not.”

“Well, you wouldn’t be, would you?”

“Heck no. This is, like, one of the classic desperation scenarios come to life. Stuck in traffic, gotta go…”

Meagan shifted in her seat. “Well, I guess I am doing this for your entertainment… but seriously, I’m bored.”

“You want me to get out the vibrator? Then we’d both get turned on…”

“Not while I’m driving, please.”

“Oooh, I know. Tell me the story of the last time you really had to pee when you were driving.”

“Hmm, let me think—okay. Yeah, I’ve got a couple of stories like that. But I’m doing all the work over here, I’m holding and storytelling and driving. You gotta hold your end up, too, you know.”

“What would you like?”

“When was the last time you really had to pee while you were driving?”

“Oh, gosh, it was a long time ago. I think I was, like, ten.”

“Really?”

“Yeah, once puberty kicked in I started having desperation fantasies, and after a few of those it’s easy to invent a stuck-in-the-car scenario, and after one or two of those you really start paying attention to going to the bathroom before you go anywhere.”

“Heh. Which is probably why you went at the restaurant.”

“Part of it, yeah. Take every opportunity, especially on road trips.”

“But for me you’d flip it around and deny every opportunity, huh?”

“Only if you wanted to.”

“Good boy.”

“Which is why I’m still not totally cool with this… you’re sure you’re okay? I can pour out my water bottle…”

“Hon, I’ve gotta go, but I’ve been a lot more desperate than this. Just tell me your story.”

“Uhh… My mom was driving. We were near where she worked back then. I’m not sure where we were going, or where we were coming from, actually. And I don’t know why but I was just bursting. I was practically crying. When we got to a stoplight my mom actually told me to get out of the car and pee in the bushes on the side of the road.”

“Did you?”

“No, I was too shy, I guess. So mom drove to her work. I just barely made it.”

“That story was a little shorter than I was expecting.”

“I don’t keep track of when I have to pee, okay? I’m just interested in when it happens to girls. And now I’m just interested when it happens to you.”

“Well, you got your wish, then.”

“It’s weird, though. A lot of times when I’m dreaming, I’m dreaming that I have to pee.”

“Heh. Classic. Freud would have a field day with you, hon.”

“I thought Freud wasn’t really someone you Psych folks liked any more.”

“Of course not. We just learn about him so we can make fun of him. That and deal with all the myths and misconceptions that start from him. Mmkay, so what I wanted to do was for you to tell a story that turned you on, ‘cause I want you all hot and bothered over there. You got any girl-in-traffic stories, then?”

“Not really. The closest was what happened with Annie, and I think I told you about that already, and besides, I feel kinda mean about it.”

“From what I remember you were a perfect gentleman.”

“But she was really suffering—plus no consent, you know.”

Meagan shifted in her seat again. “So you knew about consent before I came along?”

“Not really. I just felt like it was wrong to take pleasure in her hurting.”

“Not a big schadenfreude fan, huh?”

“Except I kinda was? At least, I got seriously turned on… gaah, I still feel bad about it!”

“’Kay, Parker? Look at me.”

He did. She was looking straight back at him—no need to watch the road when they were at a dead halt.

“Do you see me?”

“Uh-huh.”

“Do you see me getting kinda antsy?”

“Yeah…”

“This is because I haven’t peed since I did the tests back at Planned Parenthood, and that was a bunch of hours and a bunch of water ago. I totally need to go. Like, I would be headed straight to the bathroom right now if I could. And by the power invested in me as your lover, I fully authorize you getting turned on by this. In fact I order you to get turned on. I wanna see you pitch a tent, boy. Hop to it!”

“Aye aye, cap’n! …Do you have any stuck-in-traffic stories?”

“Just said so, didn’t I? So listen up.”

“Ooooh.”

“But first—” Meagan raised her water bottle as if toasting him, and took a good swallow.

“Something about that was so hot.”

“It’s the confidence. Yes, I’m needing to go. But I’ll make it even if I drink more. Even in this traffic, I’ll make it. But one time I very nearly didn’t. A major storm system came through, like three storms practically one after another. A bridge in town got washed out and so traffic was lousy. I was driving to work and I got caught right in the middle of this.”

“Where did you work?”

“Walmart.”

“I’m so sorry.”

“Yeahhh… Anyway, I was headed to work and it was just slammed. Traffic just like this—creep forward a bit, stop and wait, creep, stop, creep, stop… it’s the only time I’ve ever had to drive like this when I wasn’t on the highway. And I needed to go. I’d already been running late and so I just jumped in the car without stopping by the bathroom…”

“Oh, that never ends well!”

“Eh, remember this is me we’re talking about. I’ve gambled and won on that a lot, actually. But the traffic was incredibly slow and I hadn’t planned on that. Plus the rain wasn’t helping at all.

“Finally I saw what was going on. There was a major intersection about a half-mile from the store that I had to go through, and the power was out. So it turned into a four-way stop, but with two-three lanes in each direction. People did not know what the heck to do and so everything was snarled. I finally got through. It took me 22 minutes exactly to go 200 yards. I know because I was watching the clock and seeing how late I was to work.

“Finally I got through and the road on the other side of the intersection was pretty clear. I figured I was home free. But what I didn’t account for was that I had to make a left turn into the Walmart lot. Well, actually I didn’t have to, but I didn’t realize what was happening in time and I missed the back way in. So this light was out, too, and since it wasn’t really an intersection, the oncoming traffic wasn’t stopping. People were only getting into the lot if there was a gap in traffic.”

“Ooof.”

“Yeah. There was no way of knowing how long it would take me to get through. That’s when I thought I was about to piss myself. I was swearing like crazy, yelling at the cars up ahead to show some guts and take the turn. It took me another ten minutes of waiting.

“Finally I got into the lot, parked, and had to walk through the rain—I couldn’t run by that point—to get into the store. And of course my manager is like, ‘You’re super-late, I needed you forty minutes ago, get your shirt on and get out there,’ and I just said, ‘I’m not going anywhere but the bathroom.’ She almost said something, already opening her mouth, so I beat her to it and said, ‘I’m going to the bathroom or I’m pissing right here on the floor,’ and she just shut up.”

“Whoa. Did you get fired?”

“No, I just caught a lot of flack—even after I explained about the traffic and all. I mean, they didn’t have a lot of choice about chewing me out, they don’t get to make the rules. But they could have been nicer about it, and they weren’t. So I picked up a few extra hours that week and then gave notice. Got one last fat check, or at least a not-dying-of-starvation check and then walked out the door, never to return.”

“Mm. …Did you have to wait for the bathroom once you got to it?”

“No, it was wide open.”

“Do you think you could have made it if you’d had to wait?”

“Probably. I think I would have strangled whoever was in there, though.”

“Did you think about just peeing in the parking lot when you got out of the car?”

“For about a second, but it was too dang wet. I just had to get inside ASAP or I would be soaked all the way through, not just at my crotch. Besides, there were people and cars all over the place, someone would have seen me.”

“So you wouldn’t jump out and pee on the road right now?”

“No, I definitely wouldn’t. I’ll pee outside if there’s nobody around, not in front of a crowd.”

“Okay, let’s say you were about to wet your pants right this second. Completely stuck in traffic, no hope of getting off the road in time. What would you do?”

“Hmm, not sure…” Meagan glanced around the car. “Maybe empty out my water bottle and pee in that, but that would be hard if I’m driving. If I had a towel or a blanket I could just put it under me. I think I should start carrying a blanket in my car anyway, I’ve spent enough nights in it.

“But actually, I think that if it were like this, where it’s creep-creep-creep and not a complete stop, I’d have trouble with anything. Driving stick does not make this easy. So maybe… maybe I would just piss my pants. Oh, except then my seat would smell like pee for years…”

“You’d be pretty stuck, huh?” Parker said, turning in his seat so he could watch her more closely.

“What I’d probably do is just stop driving for a second, get my pants down, and piss on the floor mat. At least that’s a lot easier to clean than the seat.”

“Wanna do that now?”

“Hmm, if we’re stuck here another hour I might have to. But nah, I’m good for a while yet, and I want to give you a better ending that that. How you doin’? You seem to like the ‘What if…?’ game a lot.”

“Oh, I’m definitely following orders over here,” Parker said.

“Hmm, I can’t look, gotta keep my eyes on the road—” Meagan leaned well over in her seat, reached out a hand, and found his crotch. Then she found the bulge in it. “Yeah you are.”

She rubbed him through his jeans. Parker started breathing a little more heavily; Meagan chuckled and pulled her hand away, because she had to switch gears.

“So I wanna try out the new toy ASAP,” she said, switching topics as well, “but we can’t do it at Celia’s place. Well, actually we totally could, she’d approve. But I’m not sure I could get in the mood, knowing she might hear us. We’ll have to figure something out.”

“What’s the toy supposed to do?” Parker asked.

“Vibrators just go right on the clit,” Meagan said, “and stimulate the whole dang area. That’s why it’s nice to have around. That’s why when you go down on me it feels pretty good, since you’re covering a lot more than your fingers can, but this way you won’t have to get hair in your mouth when you do it.”

“I really don’t mind, you know.”

“I know. And I know you’re feeling a little inadequate. But believe me, Parker, you do not need to feel worried. This toy is a lousy listener.”

“Am I that obvi—wait, don’t answer that.”

She chuckled.

“I just… I just feel like maybe I’ve been letting you down.”

“Not really. I just want to give both of us another tool. You can use it on me and then you’re part of the experience. Fingers, tongue, cock—and now, vibrator. You can do me so many different ways! And also I can do myself when you’re not around. Last summer got lonely, lover.”

“Fair enough.”

Some time later:

“Mmmmmmkay, this traffic is absolutely killing me.”

“Getting bad?”

“Yeah, because I keep having to shift gears. It’s hard to do my usual lock-it-down approach when I have to put in the clutch every other minute. And of course I can’t possibly cross my legs or sit on my heel or pull any of those other tricks. I could hold on for a lot longer if I could.”

“Any way I could help?”

“If you could drive…”

“Uh, just switch seats on the middle of the highway?”

“Sure, why not? Easy enough to run around real quick.”

“Okay, I can see that, but you remember I can’t drive stick, right?”

“Aw shit. I didn’t remember that, no. Well, I definitely need to teach you… but not right now.”

“Sorry.”

“You better be. How dare you not learn how to drive a manual transmission so you could spare your lover who’s desperate for a piss in the middle of 90/94?”

“It’s the greatest failure of my life. …Anything else I can do?”

Meagan bit her lip. “I’m okay for a bit longer. But if it gets much worse—and it totally will—I may need you to put some pressure on my crotch. If I can’t sit on my heel, maybe I can sit on yours.”

“Umm, I’m not sure if I can twist my leg that way. But wait, maybe my shoe?”

“I’ll try anything.”

Parker quickly unlaced one of his sneakers. He was about to pass it to her when he thought of another good idea and reinforced it with his sock, balled up inside. Meagan took it from him, lifted her butt off the seat, angled the shoe as if she were sitting on her own heel, and shoved it under.

“Hmm,” she said after a minute.

“Helping?”

“A little bit, but it’s kind of uncomfortable in other ways. I think I’ll hold off on this a bit.” She pulled the shoe back out and passed it back to him. “Good idea, though.”

Just then a car cut in front of them, since Meagan hadn’t been moving forward for the last minute. “Fuckers,” Meagan growled, squirming in her seat. “I hope they get hives and die.”

“That’s a little extreme, no?”

“Sorry. I’m a little cranky. It is getting seriously hard to hold.”

“Want the shoe back?”

“What I want is to let it all go.”

“If you really need to, just pee on the floor like you said.”

Meagan glanced at him with a half-amused, half-exasperated expression. “If I ‘really need to…’ Hah!” Her fingers were drumming on the rim of the steering wheel.

“I mean, like I said, I don’t want you to be so uncomfortable.”

“That’s what I’d call mixed messages, hon.”

“Same. Am I supposed to be turned on by this or not?”

Meagan shook her head ruefully. “I really am not having a great time over here. If I were able to do my usual stuff I’d be fine and I’d be telling you to keep yourself all hard for me. But I feel like I’m about to leak, and… I just feel… I’m usually in control when we do this and today I’m really not. This traffic ambushed me.”

“I’m sorry.”

“Well, I’m sorry, too, because I told you to get turned on.”

“Yeah.”

Meagan bit her lip. Then she gasped and writhed, fingers clenched on the wheel, driving herself back into the seat with her arms and legs, hips twisting. “Okay. That was close. And I really do not want to wet myself. But I’ve got an idea.”

“What?”

“Relationships are all about compromise. Can you undo my belt, please?”

“Your seat belt or your regular belt?”

“Okay, can you undo both my belts, please? And my zipper?”

Parker quickly bent to obey.

“Ahhhh, that’s better,” Meagan said, “but I’m still gonna pee.”

“On the floor?”

She glanced around. “No SUVs nearby… no trucks… Yeah, on the floor. Help me with my pants, please?”

She lifted her butt up off the seat again and he quickly tugged her jeans off her hips and down to her thighs. Then they repeated the process with her underwear.

“Actually, I think I need these all the way off,” Meagan said, and started removing everything below her waist. By the time she was done she was squirming, nearly frantic, and Parker had a big load of clothes in his lap.

Meagan again checked her surroundings, then slid herself forward on the seat, leaning on the wheel. She hesitated for a second, considering angles, and then let go.

…For a moment. Just two seconds, really. Her pee looked like a jet from a fountain, arching out ahead of her onto the floor mat beneath her, and then stopped dead.

“Was that all?” Parker asked.

“Nope!” Meagan said. Still draped over the wheel, she turned and gave him a sly grin. “I let a little out but I held the rest back. Don’t need to go so badly now, but I will again pretty soon. Now I’m back in the driver’s seat.”

“When did you get out of it?”

She rolled her eyes. “What I meant, goofball, is that now I’m back in control. I’m as desperate as I want to be. So I can keep this going for you, but not piss my pants when I’m shifting gears. Pass me a tissue? And can I have my pants back? And my shoes?”

Parker handed over the various requested items. Meagan wadded up the tissue and dabbed at her crotch, then draped her jeans across her lap, so anyone looking down through the window wouldn’t have a direct line of sight to her bush, and finally slipped her shoes back on so driving was less awkward.

“How are you feeling?” Parker asked.

“Definitely still need to go. Enough that I’d still go straight to the bathroom if we were close to one. But I can definitely hold it now. In fact—pass me that water bottle, will you?” And a moment later she took several long swallows.

As she wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, she looked over at him with sultry eyes. “How are you feelin’?”

“A lot more turned on now that you drank more water for me…”

Meagan reached over and brushed the crotch of his jeans with her fingers again. “Good.”

The next thirty minutes involved a sing-along to Meagan’s mixtape, a quick round of the license-plate game Parker’s family played, Meagan drinking still more water, a few more gentle caresses on Parker’s crotch, about a mile of progress down the highway, and Meagan’s restlessness starting up again.

Finally Meagan sighed with relief. “There’s our exit,” she said.

Five minutes later, as they were still creeping toward the off-ramp, Megan demanded, “God, where are they all coming from? And where are they going?”

“No clue.”

“Get out of the way, you fuckers! Gotta pee for my man!”

“Looks like a baseball game?” Parker said, guessing by the large number of White Sox logos visible on cars and people.

“Aw, nuts. Celia says the stadium’s right down the block. We rolled right into it, didn’t we.”

“Looks that way.”

“Eeeesh. I hope they get out of the way quick. I’m definitely needing to go, here.”

“I think I see a gas station.”

“You think I would have us end up at a gas station, after all this? Hell no. I’m takin’ you someplace nice and private. Besides, I gotta get my pants back on, so actually I need someplace nice and private.”

At last they broke loose from the traffic, turning left when most people were turning right or going straight, and headed east toward the lake—along a road with quite a few red lights.

“Shiiiit,” Meagan said, fingers drumming, bouncing in her seat. “We are so fuckin’ close. Hurry up and turn, light!”

As they crossed various landmarks—the L, King Drive, railroad tracks—the road surface got worse and worse. The potholes went from big to bigger. Meagan tried to avoid them, but couldn’t always, and cursed loudly each time they bounced over one.

“Crap, I just leaked a little on that one,” Meagan muttered. “Nearly there, though.”

At last they crossed a bridge over Lakeshore Drive, and Lake Michigan was spread out before them, huge and shimmering in the waning daylight—for it was now past 5:00 and the sun would be setting behind them in a little over an hour. Meagan had to pause to consider her next move, but eventually found what she wanted and steered them into a parking lot. There were plenty of cars near the entrance, but oddly, nowhere near enough to fill the lot, despite being a sunny Saturday in September. Meagan, biting her lip a little and nearly quivering, drove quite a ways down past the main concentration of people and parked in a spot about thirty slots away from the nearest car.

“Now for the tricky part,” she said as she turned off the engine and bent down to slip off her shoes. “Awww, god—bending over sucks…” She paused a second—at last totally still, the way Parker was used to her holding.

“Okay,” she breathed. “I can do this. I can.” She got her shoes off, then opened the car door and swung her bare legs out. She pulled on her jeans without bothering to grab her panties, gingerly zipping up to avoid caught hairs.

“Mmmmmmmkay,” she said, mostly to herself. “Guess I’m not doing up that button. And the belt is right out. Mmkay. I can do this. I can do this. …Ready?”

“Right behind you.”

“Let’s go.”

She pulled herself up, closed the door behind her, and strode toward the lake in that purposeful, totally-clamped-down style he remembered so well.

There wasn’t much to the lakeshore here. There was a playground down a ways, back where most people were parked, and the shrieks of children enjoying themselves could be easily heard. But mostly the shore was just big rocks. A bike path stretched out, completely empty, both north and south. And between the shore and the path was a big stretch of completely empty grass. Meagan walked stiffly out into it, nearly to the lake-edge where the boulders were piled in a rough wall. Parker followed her.

“Anyone coming?” she asked. She eased down the zipper of her jeans.

“No one in sight.”

She looked around anyway, suddenly seeming a tiny bit nervous or shy—then ripped the jeans off her hips and down her thighs, dropping into a squat in the same motion. She had to fling out a hand to balance herself. Parker caught her by the wrist and immediately felt Meagan throw her weight onto him.

“Thanks, lover,” she gasped gratefully—and began peeing even as she spoke.

It gushed out in a torrent, her usual dam-breaking style. Her piss spattered a little even on turf, she sprayed so hard. Parker took a step back—Meagan gave a startled yip as he shifted her weight with his move—and saw her stream sparking in the lowering light. He felt his heart hammering.

Also as usual, she did not pee very long. She let out a groan of vast relief as her stream tapered off. “Okay, that felt really really good to let go,” she said.

“I’ll bet. You’ve been holding—how long?”

“Too long. Which is why I didn’t actually make it all the way.” She dropped to her knees and pulled her jeans back up over her butt, but didn’t zip up. “Kneel down with me,” she said, tugging on his hand. He did so. “Your turn to let something go,” she murmured, even though no one was anywhere nearby to overhear.

“Huh?”

Meagan just undid his pants and maneuvered his erection out through the fly of his boxers. His hard-on looked angry and red. She stroked him gently, and whispered, “I’ll bet you need to come pretty badly, after being hard for me for so long.”

“Uh-huh…”

“Well, some days I make you wait, but I figure that traffic was rough on both of us, so not today,” she murmured again, stroking him a little faster. “Did you like it when I pissed on the floor of the car?”

“Yeah… I kinda did…”

“Did you like it when I told you to get hard for me?”

“Uhhh…”

“I’ll take that as a yes.” She glanced around again—not nervous now, but watchful, sly, a quirk at the corners of her mouth and a hint of mischief in her eye. “Let go for me, lover,” she said, and kissed his cheek. “Remember the way my piss just shot out of me in the car? I wanna see you spurt the same way.”

With such encouragement, it didn’t take too long. He moaned a little, jerked a little—and yes, his spunk did launch in a little arc into the grass.

“There we go,” she said softly. “Better for both of us now.”

“Mmmm. Thank you.”

“Of course.”

###

They hung out at the shore until after the sun went down, sitting on the rocks, watching the lights of downtown come on. Parker peed in the grass himself, and Meagan did a second time not long after dusk fell. But the fun was over for the moment; mostly they talked and star-gazed and wave-watched and generally loved each other.

The kids had gone home, it seemed; the lot was near-empty. Meagan stood up and stretched. “Ready to go?” she said.

“Well, we should go back to the car,” Parker replied, “but maybe not leave just yet.”

“Oh?”

“I just thought—nobody seems to be around. And you did say you wanted to try out the vibrator ASAP. And that you didn’t want to try it with Celia around…”

Meagan grabbed his face between her hands, pulled him close, and kissed him fervently. “You are amazing, lover,” she said—and, grabbing his hand, nearly dragged him to the car.

A short time later she was lying back in his arms in the back seat, jeans around her knees (she never had gotten her underwear back on), moaning, panting, shivering, writhing. “Oh god does that feel good,” she gasped.

He kissed her neck, which was readily available. “Let go for me,” he whispered in her ear. “Let go for me, my love. Go ahead and come.”

And when she did, he was glad that no one was within a quarter-mile to hear her.

*006*2018-03-28 03:07

{{On 3/24/2018 at 9:47 PM, YourFNF said:

Woo hoo they're head for my hometown (well northern suburbs technically but anybody not from the area isn't going to have any fucking idea where Banockburn is). Maybe we should grab something to eat, catch a show. Meagan, Parker?

}}

Well, Celia (Meagan's friend) lives in Bridgeport, which if I remember rightly is a fair ways from Banockburn. But I was wondering if anyone from the Chicagoland area would read and figure out which (quite real) sex toy store they visit.

{{On 3/24/2018 at 10:11 PM, YourFNF said:

(In George Tekai Voice) Oh my

}}

The best possible praise!

{{On 3/25/2018 at 5:47 AM, Flush said:

Weasel, I don't think I personally commented on any of your "post Shara and Ger revival stories" yet (read, loved, and upvoted them all though, but actually typing a meaningful reply can take some time, so... yeah*)

Weirdly enough, I can still remember what my thoughts were when you announced your revival here, roughly a year ago; hey, it's that guy from Montana Flats, one of my favorite desperation stories of all time (proof, haha

) - I hope he revives that one too!

Well, I have to say that I don't have the same thoughts anymore, after Meagan and the Gentleman series. I still love "Montana Flats" for it's pure characters and divine simplicity; in that category, I think that scenario and writing is unbeatable. But I feel that you have taken your good writing style and improved it even more over the years, added so much more substance to your stories. In the Meagan and the Gentleman series, you have added a solid backstory, a wonderful love story, and feelings and lots of feelings... there's sexuality, but not so explicit that it's vile. Seriously, have you written these stories specifically catered to my taste, or what? Just kidding. I just wanted you to know that I love them, and keep up the good work (as long as you enjoy writing these stories yourselves).

* side-rant: And while I finished this 15 or so sentence long reply, I accidentally closed my browser tab to explore another story of you... fuck, I had to start over again. Better post this reply quick.

}}

Wow. Just... wow. This is the kind of comment that makes me blush and stammer and then resolve to go write more, so my fans can find out what happens next. But first I have to stare at the wall for a bit and process that I have fans at all. It's a strange feeling... and honestly a little moving. My life has hit some hiccups lately, and while I'm still a truly lucky skunk, living 62% of the dream, etc., it's really good to hear appreciation like this. Thank you, Flush. Thank you.

But no, I didn't write this specifically catered to your tastes. I wrote them specifically catered to mine... but may I congratulate you on your excellent taste?

I can pinpoint the exact moment when I realized I wasn't writing porn stories with somewhat improved characterization any more. When Meagan called Parker "God of All Hedgehogs" I realized these characters were having fun just talking to each other, and that I was basically writing a novel with kinky bits added on.

So I think I'll spend the next hour or so writing!

*010*2018-03-30 23:46

{{On 3/28/2018 at 9:38 AM, insomea said:

Hopefully this means the next chapter isn't far away :)

}}

I hope so too, but it's longer. Might need to come in chunks.

