HTTYD : RTTE

Author: woodendesk

*000*2019-07-22 08:00

It had been a long day on Dragon's Edge and Hiccup yawned as he sat at his desk where the Dragon Eye and its lenses sat atop a mess of loose scraps of paper. Hiccup had been trying to make sense of a map on one of the new lenses for hours now but with Fishlegs back on Berk to pick up the riders for the Dragon Scouts camp, the leader of the Dragon Riders was having a rather difficult time translating any of the symbols. Yawing once more, Hiccup rested his head on the desk and closed his eyes.

"Maybe we'll have better luck in the morning bud," Hiccup mumbled to his Night Fury, Toothless. The dragon gave a small rumble in response but the young man didn't hear him.

@@There was a brief moment where there was total blackness in Hiccup's world but then he opened his eyes to find himself standing at the shoreline below the buildings of Dragon's Edge. He stared out at the peaceful waters and was trying to figure out how he'd gotten all the way from his hut to the edge of the ocean when he suddenly felt a strong twinge in his bladder. Jerking his gaze away from the gentle waves of the ocean, Hiccup started trudging back up the hills towards his hut. It wasn't a very long walk but Hiccup wasn't entirely sure he'd make it back to his hut completely dry, if dry at all. None of the other riders knew this but not only did Hiccup struggle with an unusually small bladder but he also never seemed to know just how badly he had to go until it was almost too late. As the years had gone on, Hiccup had hoped that he'd outgrow his bladder issues but now he was almost 19 years old and had had no such luck. Thankfully he'd never had a public accident but there had been many close calls where he'd wet himself and had only avoided being seen by sheer luck. Of course that luck was bound to run out soon but Hiccup didn't want to think about too much.

@@Suddenly the viking felt an even stronger twinge in his bladder and groaned loudly. He was only half way back to his hut and it now it seemed more than likely that he would at least partially wet his pants before he got there. Quickly glancing around to make sure that none of the other riders were in the area, Hiccup squirmed on the spot as he slid his right hand down his pants and grabbed ahold of his dick. It wouldn't completely prevent an accident but it might buy him enough time to make it back to his hut. Another twinge struck his bladder and Hiccup could feel his hand get the slightest bit wet with a few drops of urine. Grunting, Hiccup squeezed his dick even harder and concentrated all his energy on stopping the leak. As soon as he had done that, he began an awkward sort of waddle up the hill. Right as Hiccup reached the edge of the building clustered on Dragon's Edge, he felt another few drops of pee slide out of the tip of his penis. Hiccup pressed his legs together and fought to stop the leak. Oh gods.... he might have a full blown accident before he even reached his hut. Thankfully all of the other riders seemed to be gone so at least no one was here to witness his humiliation.

"Oh how in the name of Thor am I going to even get up to my hut," Hiccup wondered aloud as he pee danced on the spot.

Before Hiccup could answer his own question, he heard Astrid's voice calling him from very far away. He turned in circles, trying to figure out where her voice was coming from but he could only see Dragon's Edge start to become fuzzy. And then suddenly Hiccup was opening his eyes to find Astrid staring at him in concern as he woke up in his desk chair with his right hand down his pants, squeezing his dick for dear life.

"Astrid! Hi! Um!" was all Hiccup could say as he felt his face turning bright red and his bladder contracting. Oh gods, the girl he was in love with was about to see him have an accident all over his chair. Hiccup could feel tears welling in his eyes and he dropped his gaze to the floor. He couldn't even bare to look at Astrid. As much as he loved her, he wished that she would just go away so that he could at least wet himself without an audience (Toothless, who had often helped Hiccup disappear before anyone could see that he had wet himself did not count). Of course the Gods hated Hiccup and he didn't get his wish.

"Hiccup... do you need... to go to the bathroom," Astrid asked in concern.

"Hahaha no.... I am completely fine Astrid, please just go," Hiccup begged, still refusing to look at her.

"Hiccup let me help you." Astrid reached out a helping hand.

"Astrid please, I am fine." Hiccup's bladder contacted again and he felt more piss wet his hands. Oh gods, why couldn't his crush just go away?! Here he was, seconds away from wetting himself and -

"Come on Hiccup, you're clearly bursting." Astrid took her friend's free hand and helped him out of the chair. She started to lead Hiccup to the stairs that reached down to the main floor of his hut when Hiccup stopped dead in his tracks.

"Hiccup, what's wrong?"

"Astrid.... I.... I can't...." Hiccup was trying hard to not cry.

"Can you make it to the bottom of the stairs?" Astrid looked at Hiccup with a gentle, loving expression.

"I... I don't think so...." Hiccup hung his head in shame. Oh Thor, he had been doing so well in hiding his accidents from the villagers on Berk, and then the other riders when they came to Dragon's Edge and now Astrid was about to watch him completely and utterly soak his pants. It was beyond humiliating to say the least.

"Well what would you like me to do?" Astrid still hadn't dropped his hand, nor had she dropped that caring tone of voice. Hiccup was about to answer her when a loud hiss filled the room and a hot, wet sensation bubbled at Hiccup's crotch and then began streaming down his legs. He peed uncontrollably for about 30 second before the stream quickly tapered off. All the while, Hiccup could only stare at the ground and wish that it would swallow him whole. When he was finished wetting his pants, he finally chanced a quick look at at Astrid, who looked a little shocked.

"Go on, laugh at me, tell me what a failure I am," Hiccup snapped as he turned away to hide the giant wet spot that covered his crotch and dripped all the way down his thighs.

"I wasn't planning on it," Astrid murmured kindly.

"Sure. It must be so surprising to see the village fuck up completely wet his pants when at 18 he should be old enough to hold it," Hiccup snarled as he turned back around to look at Astrid with defiant glare.

"Hiccup I know you're embarrassed but please just let me -"

"Astrid please. Just leave me alone." Hiccup's voice had a sort of finality to it that Astrid couldn't ignore and so she quietly turned around and head down the stairs and back to her own hut. As soon as he heard the door close, Hiccup threw himself on his bed and cried himself to sleep. Oh gods he was going to be the laughing stock of Berk by tomorrow afternoon at the latest.

Toothless, who had been watching the entire incident from where he slept in the corner quietly got up and padded over to Hiccup's bed. Making sure as to not wake his rider, the Night Fury gently pulled the blankets over Hiccup's body and then gave his head a quick lick before returning to his own bed.

