Falling (Meagan & Parker, Four Seasons Ch. 4...the finale?)

Author: Weasel

*000*2023-09-27 03:28

Hey, everybody.

This is "Falling," Chapter 4 of "Four Seasons," the Meagan & Parker sequel I said I wouldn't write. We began way back in December with "In the Cold Midwinter"

, then continued with "Springtime Promises"

, then brought things to a fever pitch with "Summertime, and the Peein's Easy."

(If you have no idea what I'm talking about, I'm glad you still clicked on a post labeled "Chapter 4", and maybe you should start from the beginning

!)

For those of you who remember, the "Summertime" story got our heroes in a really tough place in their relationship. I took pity on y'all and posted the beginning of "Falling" just so you could see that they weren't breaking up. But now it's time to take that a bit further.

Here's the upshot, though: I'm starting the chapter properly, so the first bit will be a repost. And I'm telling you right now (and bolding it so you won't miss it), there might not be any pee content in this story. This is really about wrapping up the emotional situation our heroes are in. So read on if you want to know how it ends; if you're looking for some quick sexy desperation, try one of my other stories.

It feels so epically strange to basically be posting a story on a fetish site not to turn people on, but to provide emotional closure... but I'm doing it anyway.

Okay, here goes. This first post is the repost; then we'll get into some new content.

###

"Falling"

He woke up the next morning on the couch to the sound of a closing door.

He sat up, and his brain caught up. She’s gone.

Oh, thank God.

The night before, after the lightning had passed without a drop of rain, they’d scavenged some kind of supper. She’d said little, but hadn’t been totally silent. And the entire time he was waiting, silently begging, for her anger to begin.

Come on. Shout at me, throw things, hit me even. Show me I didn’t break you. Show me I didn’t snap you. Show me that I pushed you too far, but not so far you’ll never come back…

Instead she’d just been quiet. “Pass the salt, please,” etc. She’d brushed her teeth, brushed her hair, went to bed early. Didn’t tell him to stay away, but he’d exiled himself to the couch anyhow.

Please get mad at me.

Please get mad at me.

Please get mad at me.

So if she’d at last left the apartment and was gone, that was a beginning. Not a good beginning, but more familiar. More normal. Not that mouse-like skittish silence.

Not crying.

###

She didn’t come home all day. Or that night.

Good, he thought. Our first big fight, she was gone two days. She needs time to calm down enough to get angry. Besides, she’s got classes all day.

He spent the day working through every job search trick he could think of, and then he he scoured the internet for more ideas and tried those too. He honed his resume, then created four or five different versions of it. Then he watched movies until he nearly fell asleep, and then he put the laptop away, brushed his teeth, and went to sleep on the couch again. But he got out a spare sheet; he needed something across him to really sleep.

The next day he tried to make a better budget, but kept running aground on his awareness that (a) Meagan was much, much better at it and (b) on an income of zero dollars, no budget ever worked. Between that and the tension of hoping that Meagan would walk through the door at any moment and start screaming at him, he couldn’t focus on movies and just watched videos on YouTube until the network gave out, and then he archive-binged webcomics, and then he lay down on the couch for the third straight night.

But lying in the semi-dark of the apartment, his thoughts raced and raced and raced. The twisted reassurance of her absence had faded. Now he was just worried that she was never coming home. It made no sense, of course—there was no way she’d abandon her car. But:

“Promise me that you’ll stay with me as long as you want to,” she said. “And you’ll leave me the day—the minute—you no longer want to stay. As soon as I start to hurt you, as soon as it’s no longer good, make it quick, and just go.”

Finally, around 1am, he got up and turned the lights back on. She’d left her backpack, and he went around stuffing things into it: toothbrush and tampons, wallet and car keys, her ancient laptop and its charger, her favorite underwear and her favorite shirt. He set the backpack down by the door. Then he wrote a note, set it on top of the pack, and collapsed back onto the couch to sleep at last.

Meagan—

Here are some things you’ll probably want.

You don’t need to wake me up say goodbye unless you want to.

I’m so sorry. I’ll love you forever.

Parker

###

He awoke with Meagan’s arms around him, and he relaxed into her grasp—until he realized that he was still on the couch, and woke up the rest of the way as he floundered to his feet in confusion.

She woke up herself at that, and sat up, blinking. “Hey,” she said, quietly, muzzily.

“Hey,” he said. “Are you angry at me?”

“Of course,” she said.

“Thank God.”

She wrinkled her nose. “And good morning to you? I think?”

“I’d rather you were mad at me than at yourself,” he said. “I’d rather you were mad at me than broken.”

She slowly toppled over over onto her side. “Oof,” she said. “It’s too fuckin’ early for that level of emotion. Especially since the thing with the sheet.”

It was his turn to be confused. “Wait, what?”

“The sheet on the couch,” she said. “Means you’ve been sleeping on the couch since I left. Even though the bed was empty.”

He spread his hands. “I didn’t know when you’d come home.”

“Okay, if we’re gonna have this conversation now, I need coffee.”

“I’ll make some.”

“And a shower.”

“I’ll—um.”

She grinned, just a little. “Got you that time.”

By the time she came out, wrapped in a towel, the coffee was nearly ready. She took a quick sip before she even got as far as the bedroom to change. In the bedroom door she hesitated, just for a split second, and he leaped to his feet and headed for the living room, saying, “I won’t look!”

“Silly boy,” she called back to him. “Um—seems like some of my clothes are missing?”

“Oh, sorry,” he said, and grabbed the backpack from the door, and ran back into the kitchen.

“What the fuck—?” she said as he handed the backpack.

“If you came back in the night and wanted to just get your stuff and go, but I was asleep, I wanted you to be able to grab a lot really quick. All the things I thought you’d need.”

“Okay, this I need to see,” she said, and dumped the contents of the bag out on the bed. “Tampons? You thought of tampons?”

He shrugged. “They seem important.”

“That they are. And here’s the shirt I was looking for… and, um, the bra…”

“Your favorites. Oh, uh, you don’t need the note anymore…”

She snatched it. Read it. Gave him a long look.

“I was just trying to help.”

She shook her head. “Fuck, lover. You don’t do anything by halves, do you.”

He shrugged.

“This is of course coming from the woman who just walked around campus for days,” she said.

“Did you get any sleep?”

“I napped in the library for a while.”

She dropped the towel. He started to leave the room, but she said, “It’s fine, hon, it really is.” So he stayed, but still didn’t look. He noticed, however, that she didn’t go to the dresser, meaning she was dressing herself entirely from the bag he’d packed for her.

“No socks?” she said.

“Damn it. I must have forgotten. It was past 1 in the morning…”

She shrugged. “Day like today, I can go barefoot.” She sighed. “That feels better.”

“Um. Do you want to talk now?”

“I want breakfast.”

“What do you want?”

“Just cereal is fine.”

“I can make you some eggs…”

“No, I just need something to shove in my mouth and stave off starvation.”

When they’d both eaten, and while he was washing up, she came and stood next to him at the sink. When he finished and set the last bowl in the disk rack to dry, she laid a light hand on his arm and said, “So hey. We need to talk.”

“We need to talk a lot.”

“But, uh, does it have to be right now? Because I really wish you could be kissing me. Can you just be kissing me now?”

“Really?”

She nodded.

He obliged.

“We’ll still… need… to talk,” he said, during the pauses.

“Uh-huh.”

“Like, we got some major issues…”

“Not… right… now.”

“Yeah, but, um… how far do you want this to go? Because you just took a shower and got dressed, so I’m guessing no sex…”

She pulled back. “I think we gotta wait on sex for a while,” she said.

“Well, yeah. I thought so. But, um, you were kinda feeling me up. And you just got dressed right in front of me, from being naked. So I was feeling some slightly mixed signals and I wanted to check.”

“Okay, see? This. This is what you should have—” She broke off.

He waited.

“That’ll be one of the things we’ll need to talk about later,” she finished, awkwardly. And kissed him again, also awkwardly.

The rhythm was broken, and the making out tapered off.

“So,” he said.

“So?”

“Um. I know we’ll talk later, but, uh—are you breaking up with me?”

“That’s one of the things we need to talk about,” she said quietly.

His heart plunged through the floor toward the apartment below. “That’s a yes.”

“No, it’s a ‘We’ll talk later,’ ” she said firmly. She hesitated. “Are you breaking up with me?”

He sighed. “I really, really, really don’t want to,” he said.

“Not quite a no.”

“No. I mean, I agree.”

She flashed a grin at his confusion. “Okay. So we’re agreed on that. No breaking up until we’ve talked.”

“Agreed. But no sex.”

“No sex yet.”

“Kinda confusing, but I can work with it. Makeouts, however: yes.”

“Agreed.”

“Back rubs?”

“Massages in general: yes please. My feet and my legs are killing me.”

He started on her feet, knowing that doing those properly required his hands’ full strength. And then, when his thumbs could take no more, he started working on her calves, and then up to her… “Um, are you okay with me massaging your thighs?”

“Yeah, why wouldn’t I be?”

“Proximity.”

“I’ll allow it.”

“Whew, you really are tight. You walked the entire time?”

“Well, I did go to classes yesterday.”

“Whew.”

“You were worried I was skipping class? With exams coming?”

“I was worried a lot. About a lot of things. Oh, hey, want to see my resume? I worked on it a lot while you were gone.”

“I will absolutely read it,” she said, “but not right now.”

“Okay. You’ve got class, right?”

She shook her head. “Not today, it’s our study day. So actually, I might just nap for a while…”

“Okay.”

When she woke up, she stretched and said, “It’s way too hot in here.”

“Yup.”

“You and I,” she said, “never do great in extreme heat.”

“Does anyone?”

“…Okay, fair point. But what I mean is that we should go someplace else. Somewhere with air conditioning. Then we can talk.”

“We’re gonna have a deeply emotional and intense conversation in public?”

“Well, we’ll do it quietly.”

“Art museum.”

“Hmm…? Oh! That’s a great idea. Let’s do it.”

They drove. It was not an impossibly long walk; but they drove anyway.

“Oooh, there’s a photography exhibit!”

“I know, that’s why I thought of it.”

They walked through the columns to the front door, and then drifted through the first floor galleries, barely even noticing the art at first, just reveling in the AC. The photography exhibit was on the second floor, though, so they took the elevator up and admired it; and then they found the vertical gallery and Meagan wanted to know how far down it went; and when they got to the bottom of it, they saw that there was one more level down, and down there at the bottom, with almost no one else around, Meagan sat herself down in a corner and patted the spot next to her, so they could both lean back and still see each other.

“I’ll go first,” she said. “I’m sorry.”

“I’m sorry, too.”

“Can you just listen for a bit?” she said, more wearily than angrily.

“Sor—” he snapped his mouth shut.

Her lips twitched in amusement, but nothing more. A moment later she said, “I’m sorry that I kept snapping at you about money. Nobody’s born knowing how to do it, and a lot of people never learn, and you’re trying. You’ve got a—no. I’m sorry for assuming you knew things, and then getting mad at you when it turned out you didn’t.”

Her voice dropped to a whisper, even though no one seemed to be around. “And I’m sorry I called you a sicko. I promised myself after that time with Dacy that I’d never use your kink against you. But I did. It’s the kind of thing I used to do, before I met you. Use what the boys wanted against them. What I did there… that was evil.”

There was a long pause.

“You can ta—I mean, I’m done for now,” she said.

“Oh, okay.” He swallowed. “I’m sorry I pushed you too far. Way too far. What I did to you was inexcusable.”

“It’s not what you did,” Meagan said, “it’s how you did it. We could have done that, done all of that, if we’d talked about it first and agreed to it. But we hadn’t. You were just being a bully.”

Anger surged. “So that. That right there,” Parker said. “You’re always treating me like I know nothing, jumping in to correct me. But then you’re usually right. So I really don’t know anything…”

“You’re right, too, though,” Meagan said. “I’ve always taken the lead. If I’m going to say we need to talk about things first, then we need to talk. Not just me telling you.”

“I’m not actually finished yet.”

“Oh. Sorry.”

“I’m sorry about the ice cream, too.”

“The what—? Oh. Oh, Parker. That was so not a big deal—”

“But it was, though. I wanted to do something nice for you to cheer you up. So I could have asked. But instead I just went with what I thought would work. So it’s part of the not-talking. And you were right about the money. Again.”

“It wasn’t just the money,” Meagan said with a sigh. “True confessions?”

“Go ahead.”

“You brought out that ice cream and my thought process was literally If I eat that I’ll get fat and then he’ll leave me. That all went through my head in half a second. But I didn’t dare say that. You leaving me was too scary a thought. So instead I yelled at you. Projection.”

“But you’re still right about the money.”

“Money and sex,” Meagan said with another big sigh. “The two things that break up the most relationships.”

“Really?”

“Money is responsible for something like fifty percent of all divorces in this country, yeah.”

“Are they going to break us up?”

“That’s the million-dollar question, isn’t it?”

“Do you want to?”

Meagan spoke slowly, picking her words with great care. “If these problems keep coming up, then I think we should break up. If. They don’t have to. And I hope they don’t.”

Parker thought for a moment. “Speaking as someone who knows he’s got a lot to learn,” he said, with equal care, “I know I’m going to mess up a lot while I’m learning. So can we say that if we try—hold on. Let me put that differently. I know the problems will keep coming up while we learn how to deal with them. So can we say we’ll break up if we don’t get any better at dealing with the problems when they come up? Because they will.” He paused for a second. “Since nothing is ever perfect. Someone I know taught me that.”

“Damn,” Meagan said, with an appreciative lopsided grin, “look at you being so smart. Yes. That’s so much better than what I said.”

“It’s not a competition,” Parker said. “We both brought something to the table and we ended up with something better than before.”

“Which is how relationships are supposed to work,” Meagan said. “Can I kiss you, you smart man, you?”

“Only if I can kiss you back.”

“You may.”

“Let’s do it.”

When the kiss broke, she whispered to him, “I love you.”

“I love you, too. I really do.”

She scooted over so she could sit next to him, and draped her arm around his shoulders, and cuddled up close to him. “I don’t know when we’ll be able to cuddle like this again,” she said, “what with the weather.”

“We can always come back. Or find other air conditioning.”

“True. Very true. But I still want to make the most of it now.”

###

That night, after some last-minute cramming, Meagan got ready for bed in the stinking heat of their apartment by taking another quick shower, and then coming into the bedroom dripping wet, as she had so often before on the hot nights—although she usually came in completely naked, without a towel around her waist as she had tonight. She stood in front of the window fan, arms spread, water droplets evaporating off her bare skin. And Parker stepped close behind her, placing his hands gently on her hips and kissing her shoulders. He heard her breathing change, just a little, and she bent her head slightly to bare her neck, so he started kissing that. She arched her back, flexed her fingers, and gave a little sigh. He slid one hand up her side to cup her breast…

And she jerked away from him.

“Sorry,” he whispered. (They were right in front of the window, of course, albeit with the blinds closed.)

“I… I didn’t…” she began, then rallied. “I didn’t know I was gonna react that way. Sorry.”

“I should have asked—”

“No, it should have been okay. You’ve done that hundreds of times, no problem. And I was enjoying the kissing.” She paused. “I think we need to wait on that a bit longer,” she said, in a small voice.

Sleeping in a bed with a partner who was uneasy about being touched was itself uneasy. Meagan’s body went from being a wonderland to a minefield.

But it was a little too hot to cuddle properly, anyway.

###

“I need a job,” Parker said, two days later.

“You really do, hon.” Meagan was halfway through exams, but with the hardest class out of the way, she was already feeling more relaxed.

“There just aren’t that many jobs out there.”

“That’s true, but it’s not zero. You’re probably going to have to lower your standards, though. Barista. Waiter.”

“I’ve never done anything like that.”

“Well, give it a try. Any income at all will help.”

“I still want to try something with cameras, though.”

“Nothing wrong with trying,” Meagan said.

Parker threw himself into the search, but he quickly realized that so was everyone else. Every job he applied for was now demanding years of experience—if the bosses could only afford one or two employees, then they had to be the best. Parker applied anyway, and got almost zero callbacks.

But then, at the end of August, a small miracle: Photographer seeks assistant for temporary work. Parker applied immediately.

“Sure, son,” said the gruff voice on the other end of the line. “You sound like you know what you’re doing, but bring in your portfolio on Thursday and we can talk.”

“What kind of temporary work are we talking about?” Parker asked quickly.

“I’ve got to photograph every public school student on the west side,” the photographer said, “and I can’t stand little kids. I’ll do all the high schools but I need someone for the elementaries.”

“Portraiture, got it. See you Thursday,” Parker said.

When Meagan got back from her workout, Parker burst out, “I need a portraiture portfolio by Thursday!”

“Huh, I was just gonna say ‘hi,’ but I like this.”

“Sorry. Hi. I love you. Can I take, like, fifty headshots of you? Tonight?”

“Tonight? Does it have to be tonight?”

“I need to develop them tomorrow so I can take them in on Thursday. Unless you’ve got a digital camera hiding somewhere.”

“I’m kind of a mess right now…”

“Actually, that’s even better, because the kids won’t be perfect either.”

“Kids?”

So Parker quickly explained his breakthrough, and Meagan’s eyes lit up. “I get it,” she said. “And Parker, that’s… how many schools?”

When they looked it up, Meagan grinned. “That’s at least seven or eight schools. Probably nine. And then retakes later in the year. That’s at least a week of work, Parker. Not a lot, but something.”

“So I need to show him I can take decent pictures…”

“And so you need a portfolio, and so you need to take pictures of me.”

“You got it.”

“Okay. Sure, I’ll let you glamorize me to advance your career. But I insist on taking a shower first.”

They started simple, taking down a poster to use a bare white wall as background, and bringing in every lamp in the apartment that wasn’t attached, and then draping a white bedsheet over the lamps to diffuse the light, and then having Meagan sit in various poses, and after ten or twelve shots like that, both of them were a little bored and the roll wasn’t done and it was getting to be the “magic hour” outside, so they went out and took more pictures of each other to use up the film, and then they went to bed.

When Meagan came home from campus the next day, Parker met her at the door with his pictures: a dozen headshots of Meagan in different poses, in several sizes.

“Well, lover, I still think I look weird,” she said, flipping through them, “but I know it’s ‘cause it’s a mirror image of me, and I know that ‘cause you told me. And I gotta say everything else looks pretty good.”

“Which ones do you like the best?”

“Can I at least set down my bag first?”

“Here, let’s do the comparisons on the coffee table… I like this one.”

“That’s okay, but I think this one is better.”

“Well, but this angle…”

After they’d settled on eight to be his portfolio, Parker pulled out the other pictures they’d taken.

“Oooooh,” Meagan said, “I love the light in this one…oh, and you got the picture of me in the tree!”

“And I like this one of us.”

“Mmm. Yeah, that one worked. Keep the negatives, I’d like this one of you in wallet size.”

“This one’s my absolute favorite, though,” Parker said, pulling out the one on the bottom of the stack.

“Why?”

“Because of the light on your face, and your smile.”

“What was I even saying?”

“I think you were laughing.”

“What were you saying, then?”

“I can’t remember…”

“Something about ducks?”

“Maybe. Have I ever said anything hilarious about ducks?”

“You’re a capable man, Parker Daniels. I’m sure you’ve said something hilarious about ducks many times.”

After dinner, Meagan went back to the couch for a while as Parker flipped through the internet at the kitchen table. And then Meagan walked past him to their bedroom, and was in there for a little while; and then she came back, and said, “Smile for me, Parker.” And click.

She had the Polaroid camera.

“Stand up,” she said. “Pose for me.”

“Silly? Sexy?”

“Play it straight,” she said. “Just be handsome for me.”

He leaned against the wall, put his hands in his pockets, and tried to play it cool.

“No, no,” she said, laughing. “Just relax!”

He eased up, but still held a bit of a pose to make sure the shadows worked okay.

Click.

“The light’s not great in here,” Parker pointed out as the picture faded into view. “Over by the window would be better.”

“But I want you to take your shirt off next.”

“I can do that over by the window, too.”

She posed him how she wanted him. He looked at her shot and recomposed it, pointing out a few little ways to use the light better, with and without the shirt. Click. Click.

And then she ran her hand down his bare back and pulled him towards her for a kiss.

Parker’s heart rate soared.

She took him by the hand and led him from the window to the bedroom. Pictures were spread out on the bed: Polaroids from the blackout of the winter before and the photoshoot they’d done back at college and a few occasions in between. A few other favorite pictures of Meagan, or both of them together, were mixed in.

“You make me look beautiful,” Meagan said softly. “And that makes me feel beautiful. Sometimes I forget that.” She kissed him again. “But tonight I remembered. And I want to make you feel beautiful, too.” Another kiss, long and lingering

“I’m okay with this plan.”

“I thought you might be.”

“Do you want to…?”

“Yes. Yes, I want you,” she whispered. “But let me do it my way, please?”

“Gonna make me wait?”

“Not that way. Just—let me steer, okay?”

“Okay.”

“Sit on the bed.”

“Let me get the pictures off,” he said.

“You do that,” she said, and took her shirt off.

Pants came next, and his underwear, and she fondled him hard (not difficult to do). She sucked and licked him slowly and carefully while she slipped a hand into her panties and fingered herself. Occasionally she paused her attentions of his erection and kissed his hips or his thighs or his hands. Or she just looked up at him, caressing his skin anywhere convenient with her free hand.

He looked back at her, a mixture of exhilaration and terror swirling through him.

“It’s strange,” he said. “We’ve done this so often. But I’m still so scared.”

“I get it,” she said. “I’m scared too.”

“Do you want to stop…?”

“No. I’m scared but I still really want you right now. Do you want to stop?”

“Not at all.”

She stood up and slid her panties off. She grabbed the lube from the bedside table drawer and knelt astride him, kissing him even as she slathered the lube along the length of his hard-on. His breathing picked up speed quite a bit, and she slowed her strokes, but kept kissing him. Then she said, “Lie back,” and when he obeyed, she lifted herself up and down onto him.

He ran his hands over her slowly thrusting thighs, and up to her hips, and around to her butt—and she froze for a second. She reached back and pulled his hands away. “Not my ass,” she said.

“Sorry.”

“It’s okay,” she said, and resumed her long, lingering thrusts.

Keeping her hands away from her butt, he again caressed her thighs, her hips, her belly, and up to—

This time she almost swatted him away. “Not my breasts, either.”

Fear spiked in him again. “What’s going on, love?”

She’d stopped thrusting, and dropped her eyes. “Just let me do this my way, mmmkay?”

“All right. But can’t I touch you anywhere?”

“My clit’s fine,” she said, slightly impatiently. “Go ahead and touch me there as much as you want.”

He did so. She shivered at the touch of his thumb. Arched her back. Took a couple deep breaths. Leaned back towards him again, and ran her hands over his body, and bent to kiss his face. His hardness was dwindling. He kept circling her clit, not daring to stop.

“That’s just right,” she whispered in his ear. “Just right.”

“Um, I’m not, not quite.”

“Don’t worry,” she said. “I got you.”

Those words did as much to stiffen him again as the several quick thrusts she made.

She rode him a long time, stopping once or twice to add more lube. He watched her, fascinated, fearful, too anxious to climax. And when her thrusts slowed to a halt and she lay herself down on him, she whispered, “Did you come…? If you did, I missed it.”

“No, but it’s okay. Did you?”

“No, I didn’t,” she said. “It was still good, though. It felt good to have you in me.”

He breathed a sigh of relief. “You had me worried…”

“Yeah, sorry. I wasn’t expecting to flip out about being touched like that. Here.” She took his hand in her own and laid it gently on her butt. “There we go. No problem.”

“Because you invited it and controlled it,” he pointed out.

“You gonna join me in the Psych department, hon?”

He shrugged modestly, a difficult feat with his lover lying on him. “I’ve learned a few tricks. Um, do you want to come?”

“I think I’m done tonight,” she said. “I’m gonna go pee.”

“Okay. But before you go—”

“Hmm?”

“One, thank you. This was good. And two, I love you.”

“I know.” She got up and crossed the kitchen to the bathroom.

And she closed the door.

###

The next day, he’d gone to the photographer, who took a look at the Meagan-portrait portfolio and chuckled. “Well, you can certainly make her look good,” the man said, “but with a girl like that, it’s not hard.”

“I know, I’m pretty lucky,” Parker replied, knowing it was true and hoping it would stay that way.

“Still, you clearly know your light and your angles. If you can manage working with screaming kids, you’ll do.”

“Sure,” Parker said, hoping that was true, too.

It turned out that he could handle elementary schoolkids well enough—one at a time, if he applied enough pure silliness—and he slogged his way through nine campuses in two weeks’ time, one a day. Then he did a week of retakes. And at the end of it, the photographer said, “Nice work. You get to do all the family portraits with kids from now on.”

This turned out to be much harder work, since it often involved babies. And babies took an entirely different level of silliness, which required more of an effort and often didn’t work even then. And any customers waiting in line for their portraits could be a little exasperated by baby delays, and took their frustrations out on him. The first time some customers left because he was taking too long was devastating. Especially since he wasn’t getting paid by the hour, but on commission.

But he was getting paid. Two Fridays later he brought home his first check stub, proud despite its size, and began to work out how it needed to be spent. Rent took the lion’s share, of course, but he also took the shopping list and bought some groceries, and also set aside as much as he dared and put it in his savings account—the first time in months that account had gotten bigger. When Meagan came home, and saw the rent check written out for the landlady, groceries in the fridge, and the budget he’d worked out on paper, she grinned and kissed him.

“We should celebrate,” she said. “Go out for a drink or something.”

“I don’t want to blow my first paycheck!” he said.

“We should have a little fun, lover,” she said. “I’ll split a bottle with you or something.” So off they went to the store again, brought home a bottle of passable rum, and watched Pirates of the Caribbean for the third time while sipping a Dark n’ Stormy apiece. By the time the credits rolled, they were both a little tipsy. Meagan scooped up Parker’s pay stub and waved it about. “Aztec gold!” she giggled.

“ ‘You’re sure you’re not a pirate? You’re completely obsessed with treasure,’ ” he said.

“ ‘Not all treasure is silver and gold, mate,’ ” she shot back, looking him in the eye.

“Is that so?”

“It is indeed,” she purred, and kissed him. He kissed back. Before long she was straddling him to make out, and he could feel her breathing picking up speed. And not long after that, she pulled off her shirt and put his hand on her breast.

He sobered instantly. Well, not entirely. But he knew he had to say something. “Hey, love, we’re both a little drunk. Are you sure…?”

“I’m not drunk,” she said. “Well, maybe a little. But I’m not gonna regret this in the morning; been meaning to do it for days. It’s time I got over this. Past time.” She hesitated for a second. “But you’re gonna come in me, not on me.”

“I am totally fine with this.”

She rode him again, both of them laughing and relaxed, and when he ran his hands up to cup her bare breasts she just closed her eyes in pleasure at the caress. He came quickly and enormously in her—too quickly, really. He apologized, but she just said, “It’s fine. I want my vibe, anyway.” But when she got up to get it, she realized how much of his cum was dribbling down her legs. “Wow,” she said.

“It’s been a while,” he pointed out.

“Is that your first time since…?”

He nodded.

“Wow,” she said again, shaking her head. “No wonder. Your balls were full, boy. Well, let me wash up, and then I can come for the first time since… in a while.”

It was a good thing she’d wanted the vibrator, he reflected as she arched against the couch cushions, panting and moaning. The vibe wasn’t about to get soft from over-thinking, but he would have. All through getting her off, he kept thinking about how she’d gone to the bathroom to clean herself up, and closed the door behind her.

Am I ever going to see her pee again?

You don’t deserve to, he told himself firmly. Count yourself incredibly lucky that you get to make love to her again. That’ll have to be enough for you.

*001*2023-09-27 04:10

And here's where the new content begins. WARNING: it is both long and heavy. Intense relationship stuff. Trigger warning for discussions of lack of consent. Also if you're allergic to backstory, you'd better skip this one -- but for the rest of you, keep reading for a bit of Meagan's pre-college history.

###

With the new job, September was exhausting, and still just as hot. Meagan was working, too—TA’ing for her professors and doing a little tutoring on the side, and once they made it to the end of the month, money was less tight. They were still down to pennies after food and rent and utilities and savings, but they were surviving. Neither one of them had a lot of time to spare.

October started warm, too, but the nights were cooling off, and when they had any extra energy they took walks in the evening. The cooler weather meant more cuddling, too, but they were usually both too tired for much else. They’d made love once since his first payday.

With tutoring on top of school, Meagan was definitely the more tired and busy of the two. There were several nights when Parker had come home hours and hours before she had. He cooked most every meal, which helped, and did a fair chunk of the cleaning, too, but there were nights when he sat in the apartment, alone and weary and wishing for Meagan’s touch.

And then there were a couple nights when he sat alone and horny and wishing for Meagan’s holding.

She’s never gonna hold for you again. You might be able to work up to peeing in the shower together or something. But she’ll never hold it for you. And you shouldn’t ask her to. Not after what you did.

He had plenty of memories, though, and the Polaroids. He dug them out. A moment later he unzipped his pants.

And a few moments later he zipped up again. I can’t. I just can’t.

###

“So what do you want for your birthday, love?”

It was the Sunday before the birthday in question, and they’d slept in. Sunday was their lazy day, since Parker had to work Saturdays. But today they had nothing scheduled. Parker was lying propped up on his elbow, watching Meagan finish waking up. She stretched her arms lazily over her head before answering.

“An extra three hours of sleep and then breakfast in bed,” she replied.

“Sounds like maybe we do that next Sunday, huh?”

“Mmmhmm. I’ve got a paper due on my birthday itself…”

“Pancakes as usual? Or something special?”

“Yes please. But make them blueberry if you can. Oh, and one other thing.”

“Hmm?”

She rolled closer to him, threw an arm around his waist, kissed him. “You.”

In the warmth of the bed, the blankets, and her embrace, he shivered a little. “You’re sure?”

She kissed him again, and pressed herself to him. “Pretty sure.” She lay back again; the blankets fell back short of her breasts. “I don’t want a repeat of my birthday senior year where I straight up forgot to get laid. Or when I was just too busy to fuck that spring and we nearly broke up.” She traced his cheekbone, then his collar bone, then down his sternum. “Sex is pretty crucial to us, I think. It’s not everything, or we’d be totally screwed…”

“Nice one.”

She rolled her eyes. “Why are my best puns always the ones I didn’t actually intend…? Anyway. It’s not everything. We’re so good together in other ways, too. But sex isn’t optional for this relationship, now is it?”

“Really not,” he said, and kissed her. And kept kissing her. And then, when they came up for air, he said, “As a matter of fact, how about right now?”

She stretched again, eyes half-lidded, grinning. “I’m too tired—or too lazy—to really fuck. But maybe…”

“But you’d like me to go down on you?”

She shook her head. “Not without me washing up first. And I don’t want to get out of bed yet. But thanks for offering. The vibrator, on the other hand, happens to be within arm’s reach.”

“Completely by fortunate chance,” he murmured as he reached across her to fetch it.

“Completely.”

He didn’t tease her, as he sometimes did, by slowing down when she asked for more; instead he stuck to exactly what she asked. She came more quietly than she sometimes did, and wasn’t panting for breath at the end, but he could feel her pulse racing. And she lay back on the pillow with her eyes mostly closed, smiling a still-sleepy smile.

“Good?” he asked.

“Mmmmmmm. Yup.” She brushed his chest with the back of her hand, apparently too glowy to lift her other arm to reach him. “Your turn?”

“If you want.”

“Of course! If you want anything more than a hand job you’ll have to do all the moving, but you could come in me. I’m still wet enough.”

“Well, I just was wondering,” he said, tracing one of her areolae, “if you wanted to do something special for your birthday. Keep me waiting, I mean. Because maybe you’d want me to start waiting now.”

She gave him a quick, nervous glance, then dropped her eyes, then said, “That, uh, raises some issues.”

He lay back and looked at the ceiling. “Oof. Sorry.”

She rolled over to put her head on his chest, and kissed it quickly first. “I love you, Parker. And I love having sex with you. And not just because you give me lovely orgasms like the one just now. I love it because of the connection it’s built between us.”

“There’s an unspoken ‘but’ there,” he said.

“…Yeah.”

“Don’t care,” he said. “If you want to keep me waiting, I’m fine with that. It’s your day.”

“But I couldn’t,” she said. “That would be so unfair to you.”

“It’s not about tit-for-tat.”

“No. But it is about giving, and balance. And I can’t take that, not unless I can give back. And I’m—I’m not ready for that yet.”

He sighed.

“Not ready yet,” she reemphasized. “I want to… do it your way again. I really do. It’s just gonna take some time and some processing. I mean, I’m in school so I can do therapy on other people, lover—I should be able to get there.”

“You shouldn’t have to ‘get there’,” he said softly. “Because you used to be there. You were there before we’d even seen each other naked. But I hurt you so much that you aren’t there any more. You were so good to me for so long. You made me feel clean. You made me whole, and I abused that. I don’t know if I deserve it any more.”

He felt a sudden dampness on his chest. “Meagan—are you crying?”

“No,” she said, unconvincingly. “It’s just all these onions we’ve been chopping in here.”

He kissed the top of her head.

She swallowed. “Sorry. The onions and the emotional whiplash. My own fuckin’ fault, I went deep real quick.” She shifted position to look up at him. “Speaking of going deep… wanna forget we had this conversation and just fuck? I can get on top after all.”

He sighed.

“I would love to have you in me,” she said. “I truly would.”

“Thank you,” he said. “And I’d like that too. But I’d rather we kept talking. I think we’ve been avoiding some issues.”

“Yeah, we have. When we talked at the museum, it felt so good to talk it out and apologize,” she said, “but we didn’t actually do much about the problems.”

“Hey, I got a job.”

“True. Money was a big, big problem. And actually it’ll stay a problem for a bit, but now that you’re working we’re going to be okay—as long as nothing bad happens—and I’m gonna be honest: the fact that you’re holding down a genuine job makes me so proud of you, and it also makes me feel a lot better about this relationship’s future.” She sighed again. “And I just now realized why, as I say that out loud. It’s because of my dad. When you weren’t working, you started reminding me of my dad. Shit, I hate daddy issues! They’re so… typical.”

Parker wrapped her into a hug. “You’re not typical,” he said into her shoulder. “And what we’ve got isn’t typical either.”

“I hope not,” she replied. “Typical relationships don’t last. And to keep ours going we need to work a few things out, mmkkay?”

“Yeah.”

“But I need to pee and eat first, in that order.”

They reconvened in the kitchen. She’d put on sweatpants and one of his hoodies, with no bra, and her breasts were, as usual, making fascinating patterns as they shifted underneath her clothes. Her hair, a little longer of late and falling just short of her shoulders, added a brilliant counterpoint. When not flipping pancakes, Parker just drank in the portrait her body painted.

When they’d eaten Meagan went off to brush her teeth, then came back and said, “So I think we shouldn’t have this conversation in bed. But the table looks a little… formal. Couch?”

“It’s cold out there, let’s stay in here. Besides, I want to look at you.”

“Standing up?”

He sat down on the floor. She grinned briefly and joined him, cross-legged. She extended her open hands to him, and he took them.

“So who goes first?” he said softly.

“Can we talk first about what happened in August?”

“I pushed you too far.”

She shook her head. “I want you to really spell it out plainly, and with no judgment. What you think happened, and how you felt. I won’t interrupt. And then when you’re done, I want to say what I think happened, and how I felt.”

He thought back. “Uh. It’s been a couple months.”

“Try.”

He did. “You called me… you called me sick.”

She winced and nodded.

“You teased me a lot, which is fine. But it felt… I felt… like you were… acting better than me. Smarter than me. Because of the money stuff. Because you’re older and know more. You never apologized for looking down on me, just for being mean about it. And it felt like you were taking out your anger on me, calling me sicko like that. So I took it out on you.”

He shuddered a bit. “You’re always… it feels… Sorry. I feel like you’re always in charge. And so I… controlled you instead. Pushed you out of control. I don’t know why I spanked you, it just popped into my head then. Maybe I… maybe I felt like you were treating me like a child, so I treated you the same?” He shook his head. “I don’t know. But I felt angry at you. So I kept pushing. To see how far I could push you out of control. I’m so sorry.”

She squeezed his hands. “No judgments,” she whispered. “Not yet, anyway. Is there more?”

He shook his head again.

“I remember feeling like you were being mean,” she began. “You’ve never been mean, not in sex, not ever. And you weren’t saying what you wanted, just what you didn’t want, and you kept contradicting yourself. Like you were trying to make it impossible for me. And you didn’t wait to let me make you come!—Sorry. I wanted to make you come, even then. I was confused and scared and frustrated but I kept thinking, He’s so turned on, it’s worth it, I can push through this. And then you jacked off onto me like… I mean, it felt like you used me like a piece of tissue.”

He dropped his head.

“And I felt like I was back in high school.”

He glanced up again, baffled.

“I haven’t told you a lot about high school, have I?”

He shook his head.

“I’ve always held off because it does involve me talking about past sex partners. But I want to explain a little today. Is that okay?”

“I’ve never minded you having past partners,” he said. “I figured that’s just how you got so good in bed.”

“Yeah, but that was college sex partners, not high school. In high school there was… there was a whole lot of crappy sex. But let me start from the beginning. I was a good little Christian girl in junior high. Going to Camp Graham and all. But sophomore year in high school I had a boyfriend, my first real boyfriend other than holding hands. First kiss and all. Turns out he had real issues with the word ‘no’, at least when it came to me.”

“Can I interrupt now? I’ve got a question.”

“Shoot.”

“Meagan… did he rape you?”

She sighed. “No—and yeah, kind of. It’s not that he pinned me down and forced me. But I told him no over and over again, and eventually… eventually I stopped stopping him.”

Parker shuddered. “Permission to judge him?”

“Granted. But don’t get too comfortable, because what I did later… well, I’m getting ahead of myself. First there was the pregnancy scare, and then there was the slut-shaming. I never let him see me naked again, but apparently you can’t un-fuck someone. And he went off and found someone else to screw behind my back, since I wasn’t letting him screw me, but apparently I was the slutty one. Um, Parker, love?”

“Mmm?”

“Can you stop squeezing my hands that tight?”

“Sorry! Sorry. Didn’t even realize.”

She smiled sadly. “A little angry?”

“Furious.”

“It’s all long gone, sweetie. No point in getting pi—furious now. But thank you. I wish I’d had a defender like you that year. Instead all the girls turned on me. Cold shoulder at best. So I started hanging out with guys, and they all gave me lots of attention, but only one kind. And I thought I was already ruined since I wasn’t a virgin any more—that’s the kind of sex ed we were getting, you understand—so why not have more sex to keep getting that attention? Thank god for Tabby. She rescued me a couple different ways.”

“Is she the friend we visited in Chicago?”

“No, that was Celia. Celia understood, but she was at Camp Graham, so I only saw her in the summer. Tabby was at my school. She was a doctor’s daughter, so she was rich, or at least a lot more rich than the rest of us, and that meant no one was really close to her but no one wanted to make her mad, either. Senior year she protected me, swatting down rumors whenever she heard them. And with a real friend, I stopped sleeping around for the attention. Although she was my source for condoms.”

“Your high school sounds horrible, lover. But now I’m grateful to Tabby, too.”

“Well, hold on, because she had a vicious streak, too. She directed it at the girls who were spreading rumors and the guys who’d cheated on me, but it was there. And she got me into revenge.”

She took a deep breath. “I started spreading rumors myself, about my first boyfriend—rumors that he was gay. He fit the stereotype just enough. I think he was actually bisexual, because he did have that three-year-old calendar of shirtless firefighters, but he also started drooling the second he got me to take my shirt off. But it didn’t matter. The rumor took, and suddenly he was dropped like a hot rock by everyone, too. Small religious town, y’know?”

“Serves him right.”

“Not really,” Meagan said sharply. “First off, being gay’s nothing to be ashamed of, as you and I both know, so I was an asshole for using that against him. And second, after all his friends abandoned him he started drinking more, his grades dropped… and one night he drove straight into a tree. He died at the scene.”

“Oh, shit—wait. Oh, shit. Meagan, no, you didn’t kill him…”

“No, but for a while I thought I had. And I certainly didn’t help. So I do blame myself for the setup, if not for him dying.”

“You and everyone who thought being gay was a problem,” Parker pointed out. “Small religious town.”

“Yeah, I was losing my religion fast. Being blamed for ‘tempting’ a guy when he was the one who wouldn’t take no for an answer? Makes you think.”

“Between that and your uncle…”

“You know what? I asked Uncle Frank if girls who got pushed into having sex went to hell. Basically described what had happened to me, only didn’t say it had happened to me. And he said, ‘There’s always a chance for sin to be forgiven, Meg, no matter what’s been done. And once forgiven, they are saved if they sin no more.’ I was already five boys deep in my sleeping-around phase, so I made sure he never heard about that, but I’ve never forgotten what he said, either. It was a lot more merciful than what half the girls in town were saying about me.

“Anyway, I’m not gonna tell you every fuckin’ thing I did in those years. People treated me pretty shitty, but I treated them pretty shitty right back. Found out their secrets and used it against them. Cheated on the cheaters and then rubbed it in their faces.”

She drew a long breath. “So yeah. When you jacked off on me, it felt like… like the boys who used me in high school all over again. And when I realized I’d been using your kink against you, calling you sick and evil, it felt like I was starting to take revenge again.”

“I was using you and taking revenge. I really did that to you.” He shook his head, violently. “Why are you still with me?”

“Because you know what you did was wrong,” Meagan replied instantly. “You knew what you’d done almost as soon as you’d done it. And you want to fix it.”

“I guess we’re in the judgement phase now?”

“Well—yeah. But I don’t want this to turn into a mistake-measuring contest, mmkay? ‘I messed up worse than you did’ or ‘You hurt me more than I hurt you’ just ain’t useful. We both hurt each other that day.”

“Yeah. And what matters is fixing it.”

“That and making sure it doesn’t happen again. So my next question is, what would make this right? You can go first again.”

“What would make it right? Me never asking you to hold it again.”

Meagan’s eyes got wide. “Parker, I just want to be sure—do you mean you never ask again but I can offer, or do you mean we never ever do it again? ‘Cause those are different.”

He blinked. “I… I didn’t you’d ever offer again. So I meant we never ever do it.”

Meagan shook her head. “Oh, lover, no. I can’t agree to that at all. That would mean you’d be trying to cut out a huge part of your life. A huge part of our lives. I mean, the very first time we met—! And besides, it wouldn’t work; you’d be sneaking off to the internet behind my back. You want it too much. And you’d be keeping me from having fun, too.” She grinned at his reaction. “Yeah, I definitely didn’t have fun last time. But it’s not like I’ve been putting up with it for all these years. You know I have fun! I love being able to turn you on. Like I’ve got a switch I can flip whenever—” She slapped a hand over her mouth. “Oh. Oh, fuck. I’m sorry. I didn’t even think.”

“Yeah,” Parker said. “We need to talk about the control issues, too. We’re not…” He hesitated. “When we started out, you knew more about everything. Sex. Consent. Relationships. Emotions. Money. Life. And you really taught me about sex—incredibly well, by the way. And consent, too. We’ve both had to learn the relationships part together. We’re learning right now. But for other stuff, like money and jobs? You didn’t teach me, you just got mad at me for not knowing. I mean, where would we be if you’d gotten mad at me for not knowing about sex?”

“Not here together years later, that’s for sure,” Meagan said. “Really good point, love. I’ll do better at teaching instead of scolding.”

“Or let me learn on my own.”

“Good point. Agreed.

“And the control?”

“Yeah. We need to get better at that, too.” Her eyes lit up. “But we already know how to do that, don’t we? It’s consent again. When we’re fuckin’, I let you control me sometimes, and you let me control you sometimes. So if I’m gonna be all bossy about money and life and shit, I need to ask first.”

He grinned. “That works for me.” Then the grin faded. “But we did agree about controlling each other that day. And we really fuc—we really messed it up.”

She nodded. “I’ve been doing a little reading about kinks. I think we’re not planning things out well enough. It’s like… it’s like we just hand over the car keys to each other, with no idea where we’re going. I think we need to map it out first. Both for sex and for the rest of life, I guess.”

“Make a plan and stick to it?”

“Make a plan and adjust as we need to.”

“Right. Since life is what happens when you’re making other plans… So when you’re gonna hold it for me, we work out in advance what I’m gonna have you do—and when we’re doing money stuff, we work out in advance what you’re gonna have me do.”

“Heh. ’Kay! I like that. Let’s do it. Especially since that’s a lot of what I needed to make things right about the sex. And if you’re ready and willing to learn—which I know you are—then we can work out the money side, too—and now we’re both a bit less stressed about school and jobs and money, we desperately need to bring back Date Night as part of those plans… and speaking of desperate, our kinks should be a part of Date Night. At least sometimes.”

“Sold.”

“There’s one more piece, though.”

“Something you need from me?”

“Something we need from me,” she replied. “Remember what Doctor Vince told me? That there’s what you need, what I need, and what the relationship needs?”

“I think I forgot about that.”

“I did too—and that’s a lot of our problem. I think there’s something the relationship needs.” She took a deep breath. “Hear me out on this?”

“I’m listening.”

“I don’t want to marry you, Parker. Marriage still feels like a trap, and ‘Till death do us part’ is the kind of forever talk we’re not doing any more. But what I said on Dacy’s wedding night about leaving the minute it’s not good any more? That’s not enough, either. Because you honestly thought we were going to break up because of one time the sex got bad.”

“Well, not just the bad sex. That and the money and the control issues and the ice cream.”

“That fuckin’ ice cream. I seriously got mad about ice cream.”

“I think you got mad about other things. The ice cream was just… a convenient target.”

“True. True. But my larger point stands. That bag you packed me, that note you wrote me? You thought I was about to leave you forever—without even saying goodbye! And why? Because we’d agreed to do that. And now I feel kinda dumb for ever saying it.”

“It felt nice at the time.”

“Yeah, nice and dramatic and oh-so-mature and a little bit of we-know-better-than-everyone-else. But you know what? A little more commitment than that would have spared you that night. If you’d know I would come back…”

“If I’d known you’d come back, I might not have written that note. I think I still would have done most of the other things.”

“Probably. But you shouldn’t have to worry I’d be gone in a heartbeat like that.” She sighed. “But I can’t marry you. I wish there were something in between.”

They sat in silence for a while. Then Meagan said, “True confessions?”

“Go ahead.”

“My butt’s hurting from sitting on the floor.”

“I’m honored you trusted me with that deep dark secret.”

“Well, I was wondering if you wanted to join me on the bed.”

“I’m honored by that, too. Anything in particular you had in mind?”

“Well, I was hoping to make out with you for a while. After that—play it by ear?”

“Meagan McAllister, it would be a privilege.”

###

I hope you enjoyed this omo.org post with zero pee content and a lot of heavy emotions

*003*2023-09-28 03:09

Oh, we ain't done! I just now realize that this would have been a good ending, but that wasn't my intention at all. Give me a day or three, though.

And I'm doing better, thanks. Life has gone from weird to packed, and is going to stay that way for a while, but I feel okay about it. So far, at least!

*005*2023-09-30 13:54

Here's a little more for y'all. Contains sex and nudity (but then, don't most of mine do?) (Other than that last one, that is...)

###

The next week, Parker slipped out of bed and made pancakes as promised, and let Meagan sleep. When he heard her stirring, he lay down on the bed beside her, over the covers, and watched her until she woke up. She smiled sleepily, yawned, stretched, and brought her arms down around him and pulled him close for a kiss.

“What time is it?” she asked, when the kiss broke.

“Nearly nine,” he said. “Not quite an extra three hours.”

She shrugged. “I’ll still take it. And I smell pancakes.”

“You smell correctly. Blueberry, as requested.”

She kissed him again, a lot longer this time. “You beautiful man,” she whispered. “Thank you.”

“Do you want them now?”

“Mm. Are they gonna burn? Or get cold?”

“I’ve got them in the oven keeping warm.”

“Then can I get the rest of my present now, please?”

“You’re barely awake.”

“I’m awake enough to fuck.”

“I’d rather make love.”

“Oh, well, in that case yes, I have to be awake at least three hours,” she said sarcastically. She tugged on his shirt. “Too much cloth between us,” she said.

He stripped naked and slipped under the covers with her.

“Better,” she said, and then they made out for a long time. Their hands weren’t idle, but they were in no hurry, either. His hard-on was tucked up against her thigh quite pleasantly, and when he slipped a finger between her legs he found she was pretty wet, but they kept kissing and fondling without rushing the moment.

But finally Meagan said, “Hey lover. You wanna be in me?”

“If you want me there. And if you’re ready.”

She grinned. “Well, I’m really enjoying this, actually, and I’d be in no hurry to stop. But I also gotta pee. So…”

“You could go to the bathroom. I promise I’d still be here when you get back.”

She shook her head. “It’s not that. I’m not ready to really do it your way yet. But if you fuck me right now, I’d technically be holding it.”

“That’s a very tempting offer,” he said. “Are you sure?”

“I wanna give you something for my birthday, too. And I’m okay with this.”

“I want you to be more than ‘okay’. I want you to want it.”

She kissed him long and hard. “I love you so much,” she said. “And I do want you. In me. Right now. While I’m holding. Not even close to desperate, I admit. But still.”

“Then as you wish, birthday gir—sorry. Birthday lady.”

“Keep talking, lover,” she said. “But start riding me, too.”

With him lubed up and with her legs spread, he slid into her, carefully keeping his weight on his arms, thrusting slowly and gently but deeply. She half-closed her eyes in appreciation. “That feel good?” he asked.

She nodded. “I forgot,” she said. “Needing to go a little does make this feel nicer.”

“Really nice?”

“Mmmhmm.” She looked up at him, smiling. “I don’t think it’s gonna get me off. But that’s okay. It still feels real good.”

He paused. “Do you wanna switch positions?”

“Maybe later. Right now, though?” She lifted her legs and wrapped them around him. “I said I wanted you to ride me and I meant it. You can go a little harder.”

“I might come…”

“Please. I want you to,” she said. “Come in me deep. Fill me to the top.”

“It’s just—”

She pulled him down to kiss him, and when she released him, she was laughing. “Stop thinking, lover!”

“It’s your birthday.”

“And I want this,” she said. “It’s not about coming. It’s about joining.”

“Mmm,” he said. “I get it now.” He started thrusting a little harder, as she requested. He kept his strokes well-paced, though, so they could lock eyes as well.

“That’s it. That’s just it. Just what I want, Parker. Just right. We’re together. We are. And I love it.” She was almost chanting, as she used to do. “I love feeling you in me. Joining me. Joining us.”

“I’m gonna try and make it last,” he said, a little short on breath.

“Thank you,” she said. “Come whenever you want. But thank you. Thank you. Thank you.”

“You feel good,” he whispered. “You feel so good.”

“You do, too.”

“Need any more lube?”

“I think I’m making extra,” she replied.

“That’s so fucking hot to hear,” he gasped. Their eyes were still locked.

“You’re getting close, aren’t you,” she said. Not actually a question.

“Uh-huh…”

“Come on in. Come on in me. Just come on. I want you so much. I want you right where you are. Come in me, come in me, come—ahh. There it is.”

He had to break the gaze at last as his eyes squeezed shut involuntarily.

“I felt that,” she said. “You had a lot for me today.” She giggled. “And you always, always, try to keep your weight on your arms, whenever we’re in this position!” She pulled him down with her arms and legs both.

“Just seems the gentlemanly thing to do,” he muttered into her shoulder.

“But I want your weight on me,” she whispered in his ear. “Just like I wanted you to fill me up—and you did. Rest on me and in me.”

“Cleanup?”

“Your cum washes off,” she replied. “I’ll shower later. And we can do laundry if we need to wash the sheets. Just be here with me.”

He turned his head to kiss her. They made out, still joined, until his shrinkage pulled him out of her, and then they made out even longer, and she kept her arms and legs around him every moment of it.

But finally she said, “Okay, now I really do need to pee, you’re kinda resting on my bladder—Wow. I felt that!”

“Hmm?”

“Your cock twitched. That would be world-record recovery time for you.” She kissed him. “Soon. Soon I’ll hold it for you again, for real.”

“Whenever you’re ready,” he said. “But for right now…”

“Hmmm?”

“I’m almost afraid to ask.”

She nuzzled him. “Just say it.”

“Can I watch you pee?”

She hesitated.

“I want to watch your face when you let it out,” he said.

She grinned. “Is that all? Well, I’m barely desperate, it’s not gonna be that big of an endorphin rush. But sure, we can do that. And actually—wanna shower with me? Been a while since we did that, too.”

“Absolutely.”

She let him go at last and sat up. “Wow,” she said again, inspecting herself. “That’s a lot of cum. We’re definitely washing these sheets.” She wadded up the topsheet, got to her knees, and held the cloth to her vulva, trying to absorb the drips. She reached over and cupped his balls. “I think we need to get you off more than once every few weeks, or it’s gonna be a cum-flood in bed every time.”

“Date Night. Starting Tuesday,” he said.

“Absolutely. And now, peeing and shower, in that order—no, wait. I’ll pee in the shower. That way you can hold me while I let it out. That’ll show you more than just watching.”

She shifted a bit from foot to foot as they stood in the cold of the bathroom waiting for the shower to heat up. “I’m gonna pee as soon as we get in there,” she said. “The cold is making it worse, and I gotta clean the pipes.”

“I’ll pee too,” he said.

“Together? Or do you want to wait a few seconds and let me aim?”

“Let’s do it together,” he said. “In fact… hugging each other?”

She raised her eyebrows a bit. “That’s new. But sure, we can do that. And right now, I think…”

They stepped into the shower one after the other, and positioned themselves under the warm water, and wrapped their arms around one another. Parker pulled back just slightly—still close enough to feel Meagan’s breasts against his chest, but far enough back to be able to watch her face. “Ready?” he asked.

“I’m already going,” she said.

He let go as well.

“Felt that, too,” she said, wrinkling her nose a bit. “Riiight on my leg. You’re gonna have to clean that up, Mr. Firehose.”

A few moments later he did exactly that, washing her legs and her feet, and then after rinsing, back up to between her legs. Once he’d finished washing, he couldn’t resist a quick stroke of her clit.

“’Kay, you can keep doing that…”

He got up off his knees and found the spot again.

“Yeah,” she said, “you can keep right on doin’ that.”

He leaned against the shower wall and let her lean against him, fingers darting in and out, slipping into her vulva to fetch some of her natural lube, back out to her clit…

“I love you so much,” he said in her ear, and kissed her neck. “You are so beautiful, and so sexy, and I’m so lucky to be with you.”

“We’re both lucky,” she said. He could feel her pulse quickening as he nuzzled her neck again.

He switched hands, brought the first one up to caress the underside of her breasts. “You feel so incredible,” he said.

“What you’re doin’ is pretty cool itself,” she replied, starting to breathe heavily. “But you’re slipping off a little… can you go down on me?”

“Absolutely,” he said. They switched positions and he knelt at the bottom of the tub. His knees were gonna be screaming at him soon, but it was worth it. His tongue found her clit.

“Yes. Yes, that’s it,” she whispered. “Yes. Oh, yes… yes… thank you… yes…”

After a few minutes, however, he couldn’t take the pressure any more. “Sorry, love,” he said. “I can’t keep kneeling.”

She nodded understanding. “Lie down in the tub,” she gasped. “I’ll sit on your face.”

He quickly obeyed, and a moment later he was treated to the sight of her breasts bouncing as she panted, or rising as she arched her back—and beyond that, a face of exquisite agony and bliss at once. The warm water of the shower was splattering off her back and onto his chest. Her hair started bouncing with her breasts, and then, as it dampened and darkened, instead clung to the skin of her shoulders in delightful ways.

“Yes, yes, yes. Oh my god, Paker… Oh, Parker, thank you… oh god… yes, and yes, and yes, and yeaahhhhhsss…”

Her breasts bounced one last time in her orgasm-spasm, her legs shuddered around him and clenched his head, and then she had to catch herself against the shower wall, two-handed, breathing heavily. She opened her eyes, and their gazes met.

She reached down and traced his jawline with a tender finger. “Thank you,” she said. “So much.”

“Happy birthday,” he said.

“You know what, though?” she said, water still bouncing off her back.

“Hmm?”

“I think I gotta take a shower.”

