Falling (Meagan & Parker, Four Seasons Ch. 4...the finale?)

Author: Weasel

*007*2023-10-14 16:36

I was stalling because I hadn't actually finished writing. But as of this morning, it's done. Here is part of it:

###

A Sunday in early November. Blue skies peeping between clouds. A few autumn leaves still glorious on the trees; many more crunching underfoot. After a thumping football win the night before, and the celebrations that followed, the University of Michigan campus was quiet that day; a few students passing here and there, at least a few of them doing Walks of Hopefully-Not-Shame in party clothes they’d clearly slept in, or at least slept near.

In contrast Meagan wore her battered old jacket over a sweatshirt stolen from Parker, and Parker wore his winter coat for the first time that year. But if the sun stayed out, he’d probably need to unzip. Fall was slipping into winter, but it hadn’t gone yet.

“You know what this reminds me of?” Parker asked.

“Hmm?”

“Thanksgiving Break that one time.”

“Oh my god,” Meagan said. “Best Thanksgiving ever. Ridiculous fun.”

“Yeah. I wish you got a full week off here at Michigan, too.”

“A five-day weekend is still pretty nice. Gives us time to get down to your parents’ and back.”

“But it’s not a full week of… um, special sex.”

“We weren’t fuckin’ every day that week.”

“No, but it was a lot.”

“Roommates gone, college kids in love…” Meagan said.

“Still in love, I hope.”

She turned and kissed him quickly on the cheek. “Yup.”

“Good.”

“But funny how having a little more privacy keeps leading to a little less sex. We had our own room in Franklin, but we didn’t have as much sex… now we don’t even have housemates and we’ve had even less…”

“It’ll pick up now that we’re doing Date Night again,” Parker said.

“Yeah, but hear me out: should we get another roommate? Just so when they leave, we appreciate the privacy more and do lots of fuckin’?”

“How can I phrase this…? I admire your outside-the-box thinking and your creativity in your dedication to our relationship,” he said. “But please god no.”

She laughed aloud, flinging back her head. He brushed the hair out of her eyes, and those eyes sparkled.

“Well, if you’re not tired of ridiculous ideas, I have another one,” she said, much more softly.

“Oh?”

“Have you ever heard of handfasting?”

“Mayyybe? But even if I have, I haven’t heard enough to know anything about it.”

“So I’ve been doing some research,” she said. “I thought I remembered something… and it turns out that I might have been right, depending on who you ask. Anyway: handfasting. Old Celtic tradition. Literally tying two hands together to show the bond between two people. It’s apparently where the phrase ‘tie the knot’ comes from. Sometimes it’s a betrothal—what we would call an engagement. Sometimes it’s a wedding. And sometimes it’s a temporary marriage.”

“I didn’t know that was a thing.”

“Well, all marriages are temporary. But we don’t usually think of them that way, do we? But when it wasn’t a marriage itself, handfasting had a time limit. Usually a year and a day. And at the end of the year—and the day—if the couple wasn’t happy, they’d break up. No hard feelings, clean break, done.”

“Huh.”

“So I can’t marry you, Parker. Blame my parents if you want, but marriage is just not me. And I look lousy in white.” She drew a deep breath. “But I would totally handfast with you. And if we’re still good after that year, we could do it again. And again.”

“Stringing middles together for a long, long, time,” Parker murmured.

“Hmm?”

“What we said the day you graduated.”

“Oh, right! I remember. With the thunderstorm?”

“Also the running through the house naked. And the bathtub.”

“Heh. Yeah. That was a good day.”

“And not an ending, as it turned out,” Parker said. “Though it was definitely happy.”

“Yup. So, whaddya say, lover? A year and a day?”

“Starting now?”

“Well, I thought maybe over Thanksgiving…”

“Meagan,” Parker said, fiercely, “I would start this second if you had any string.”

“Generally people use ribbons these days—wait, do you mean that? This second?”

Parker took her hand in his, holding it up between them, twining his fingers through hers. “Tie it,” he whispered.

“My god,” Meagan answered, just as quietly. “I thought you’d need to think about it more.”

“Been thinking about marrying you for a while. If handfasting is how we do it: tie the knot.”

With her free hand she cupped his cheek. “You’re sure.”

“It’s not like I’ve been putting up with you all these years. Tie it.”

She kissed him, long and slow and sweet. “For a year and a day,” she warned.

“For six months and six hours. For seven years and a week. For three months and three minutes. For any length of time we choose. And a year and a day sounds beautiful to me.”

“I think we should wait,” she said.

“That’s fine. How long?”

“Dunno. How long is it gonna take us to find a ribbon?”

He grinned. “The bookstore has an art supply section.”

The bookstore, however, was closed on Sundays. Meagan sighed. “Do we have anything back at the apartment…?”

Parker looked at her, taking in her pondering expression, the way her eternal sweatshirt and jeans only mostly hid her delicious curves, her hair falling around her hood…

“Got it,” he said, and tugged on the drawstring of her hoodie. Well, his hoodie. Originally, at least.

“Genius,” she said to him, tenderly, and managed to unthread the cord without strangling herself. “Ready?”

“Hold up, hold up.”

“You wanted to do it this second.”

“Still do. But maybe not in front of a closed bookstore. And maybe we should think of some nice words to say, huh?”

“Good point.” She looked around, and then took him by the hand and pulled him over to a spreading tree that still had many of its lovely orange leaves on it. Standing in the rest of the leaves (on the ground) she said, “How about this?”

“Fantastic. And what to say?”

“Something about in the eyes of all the gods and men…”

“Neither gods nor men in sight at the moment.”

“Well, the God of Hedgehogs, surely.”

“Of course.” Parker held up his hand.

Meagan matched it and pressed her palm against his, then intertwined their fingers as he had done not long before. He could feel her hand trembling.

“Before the eyes of the God of All the Hedgehogs, I, Meagan McAllister, take you, Parker, to have and to hold for a year and a day, in sickness and health and in love and in rage and in everything in between.” Her voice shook, but only a little.

“And I, Paker Daniels,” he said, heart suddenly hammering, “before the eyes of the God of Hedgehogs, take you, Meagan, to have and to hold for a year and a day, in, uh… no matter what.”

She grinned, and then took the sweatshirt drawstring and held one end in place with her thumb; he folded his thumb over to double down on the security. Then she began cris-crossing the string around their hands and in between their fingers. He suggested a few loops and tucks. And then the knot was tied and they stood there beneath the spreading tree and kissed, and the whole world vanished for a while.

“Wow,” Parker said at last.

“We did it,” Meagan said. “Next time we could have maybe a little more, though. Some pictures, say. Your family.”

“Already planning for next year, huh? What if we decide we’re no longer happy with each other?”

“Then we’ll have a breakup party instead,” Meagan said. “And we’ll fuck one last time and kiss each other goodbye and go our separate ways.”

“That sounds incredibly civilized.”

“Beats a note on a backpack by the door.”

“That it does.” He pointed to their bound hands. “How long are we supposed to keep this tied?”

“These days people mostly try to slip it off without untying anything before the reception,” Meagan said. “But apparently in the original tradition, the couple had to stay tied together until midnight. One thing I heard said that if they managed to dodge all the obstacles of the day, that meant they’d do okay at surviving all the hardships of the year ahead.”

“That actually makes sense,” Parker said. “Because going through a day tied together like that would take some real cleverness and a lot of good humor. Which would be a great clue to the health of the relationship.”

“Hah, true!”

“In that case, by all means let us observe the tradition,” he intoned.

“What, keep it on all day?”

“Sure!”

“We’d have to get untied sometime,” Meagan said.

“When?”

Her eyes lit up. “Well. I was thinkin’ bathroom breaks. But maybe not, huh? Maybe… maybe we just help each other out with that.”

His heart started thumping again. “You mean it?”

“Seems like a good way to bring your way back in, doesn’t it?” Meagan said. “And frankly, somehow I can’t see us celebrating without your way…”

“How about your way?”

She smiled. “If I get to decide when you come, that’s enough for me.”

“Okay,” he said. “Well, let’s talk it out, like we said we would.”

“Good catch. I think we should go out for a cup of something hot to celebrate. And splurge a little and eat out? Or maybe takeout. You shouldn’t have to cook today. Unless it’s your secret family recipe cookies.”

“Oooh. We should make those when we go home for Thanksgiving. But we were talking about planning.”

“What I meant was, we might not be going home for a while. So not a lot with the teasing and delaying. For when we’re out and around, we’ll have to find bathrooms we can both go into, for starters.”

“I think that could take long enough for my purposes all by itself.”

“’Kay! And when we get home?”

“Well, I think we’ll be helping each other eat and drink too, yes?”

“Mmmhmm.”

“So maybe we can’t turn down what the other offers for food and drink. And we have to agree on when to piss—and on how.”

“For both of us?”

“Mmmhmm.”

“That’s fine. And after we’ve done that for a while, when it’s time to get to the fuckin’ again, I’ve got an idea about how and where I want you to come. Not sure about when, we’ll have to play that by ear.”

“Can I know how?”

“You won’t say no, let’s say that.”

“Still, just for practice, I should know…”

She hesitated. “Okay, I see why people might resist planning things out. It cuts down on pleasant surprises. Can I just offer you a choice in the moment? Nothing we haven’t done before.”

“Compromise: tell me one of the ways, and you can keep the other options a secret”

“Oh, all right. Coming in me.”

He nodded. “Yeah, that’s definitely not surprising.”

“’Kay! I think we got it. And now—celebratory hot beverages? I’m thinking celebratory latte. Or chai.”

“I might go for celebratory hot chocolate.”

“Excellent choice.”

“Should we try to match caffeine levels? If you had celebratory black tea, it would affect how much you needed the bathroom…”

“Nah, I don’t think it’ll matter that much.”

Ann Arbor was a college town. There was no shortage of coffee shops. They picked a non-Starbucks shop and headed for it. And immediately paused.

“Okay, if we loosen that a bit, and retie it, I think we’ll be able to shift our grip.”

“But it’s mostly our thumbs that need to rotate…”

After a bit of readjustment that kept them tied together but allowed some flexibility, they continued.

“Hmmm,” Meagan said. “How are we gonna explain the handfasting?”

“At the coffee shop?”

“Oh, that too. I meant to our friends and families…”

Parker thought for a moment. “Well, at the coffee shop, I think most people won’t be looking at us all that closely. And if we pull our sleeves down a bit, it’s not that noticeable. I think if we don’t show it off, people might not even notice. And there have got to be clingy couples holding hands all the time.”

“We’re not clingy,” Meagan said indignantly. “…Are we?”

“Well, we will be today!”

She chuckled. “Fair enough.”

“For everyone else…” He paused, pondering. “I think what we say is gonna depend on how much you’re willing to talk about your parents and your reluctance to get married.”

“Got a point there, love,” she said. “I’ll need to think about that a bit.”

“But if it’s really closest friends and family—they already know about your parents. My folks in particular, but also anyone who was in on the arrangement for Franklin…”

“Also a good point. So should I just bite the bullet and tell them everything?”

“Well, not everything…”

They arrived at the coffee shop and waited in line. “Just thought of something,” Meagan whispered in Parker’s ear.

“Hmm?”

“Paying. I can’t get to my wallet.”

“Then I guess this one’s on me!” he replied, reaching for his and thumbing his bank card out of it.

“You’re sure?”

“Two cups of hot celebratory something isn’t gonna break my bank account. Twenty might…”

“Nuts, there goes my plan to drink a dozen black teas just for you.”

That entrancing image made Parker stumble over his order, but they managed to make it through ordering (one cup of hot chocolate, one cup of, yes, chai spiced black tea) and paying without drawing any attention to themselves.

“Ordinarily I’d send you to go get a table while I waited for the drinks,” Parker whispered. “And then I’d come back up for both of them so you didn’t have to get up.”

“Let’s just wait here at the counter,” Meagan said, standing quite close to him. And then kissed him quickly on the cheek.

“You’ve never been one for a ton of PDA,” he whispered.

“If I can’t kiss you in public today,” she asked, “when can I? Besides,” she added in equally low tones, “good camouflage. The clingier we are overall, the less people will notice our hands.”

Having collected their drinks, one-handed, they found a table in a back corner. It was away from the window, unfortunately, but it was also away from most everyone else.

“So I’ve got a question,” Parker said. “We’re both instinctively trying to hide this.”

“Just to avoid awkward explanations,” Meagan said.

“Yeah, any explanation that has to begin with ‘So, in ancient Celtic culture…’ could be a bit much for each stop we make today.”

“I was thinking of having to explain why we did this so impulsively. Why we didn’t do this as a real ceremony, with everyone else around.”

“If you want,” Parker said, “we still could, at Thanksgiving. At least with my parents, and maybe Dacy and Mitchell and anyone else who can make it.”

“But we already did it!” Meagan said. “And a year and a day makes sense, but who’s gonna understand—” she did some quick mental math “—three hundred and forty-eight days?”

“Well, if you don’t think we should…”

“I just don’t want to double up.”

“It’s not like we’ve got a limited number of times we can tie our hands together,” Parker pointed out.

“I guess…”

“Anyway, the easy way around it is to just call it an engagement. You said it could be an engagement thing, right?”

“Yeah… but I don’t want to be lying to all our friends and your parents. Because if it’s an engagement, then that implies a wedding.”

“But people would understand if we got engaged on our own, without everyone there. So if we say it can be an engagement thing, or a trial marriage period, or an actual wedding ceremony, then we can say we’re keeping our options open.” He squeezed her hand. “Which we are, aren’t we? That’s the whole point.”

“You’re a smart man,” she replied. “Okay. Talk about handfasting in all its different forms. And then people will interpret it as they need to.”

“The other thing,” Parker said, “is we didn’t really do this all that impulsively, did we?”

“We didn’t? Because I remember you saying yes to the handfast two minutes after hearing about it for the first time ever.”

“I almost asked you to marry me the night of Dacy’s wedding,” he said.

“Is that why you got all weird and intense for a bit?”

“Yeah.”

“Hah, I was right. Score one for Proto-Therapist Girl.”

“You guessed?”

She sobered. “Parker, I’ve been thinking about marrying you since New Year’s. And wrestling with myself about it. It’s why I had us do what we did on New Year’s Eve—trying to substitute other kinds of connection. But that wasn’t close to enough. And then when I saw you were about to say something the night of Dacy’s wedding, I stopped you. Because I didn’t want to break your heart by saying no.” She ran her free hand over her head. “Good thing you didn’t propose after the bouquet toss, or it would have been awkward.”

“I never would. I knew that bouquet was trouble as soon as you caught it.”

She flashed a grin. “Smart man.”

“So you see what I mean? We didn’t do this impulsively. We’ve been thinking about tying the knot for nearly a year. And you know what they say, don’t make major life decisions until they look wise in every season.”

“They say, huh? I’ve never heard that before.”

“Something my dad told me.”

“Also a smart man. Runs in the family, I guess… wait, did it look wise in summer?”

“Not that one night. But after you came home, at the art museum? Absolutely.”

“Before that, even, for me. The note on the backpack.” She squeezed his tied hand in hers. “I was so scared in that moment, because I loved you so much and I was so afraid we were losing each other. I already didn’t want to let go, and then that note just destroyed me. The note, and you remembering tampons.”

“But no socks.”

“Heh, right. Well, no perfect moments.” She looked into his eyes for a long time, then leaned forward for a kiss. He met her in the middle.

They sipped their drinks, they swapped their drinks for tastes, they talked about Thanksgiving and school, they agreed to not talk about money that day, they just sat in silence for a while. Then Meagan said, “Hey, just for your benefit: I gotta go.”

“Already?”

“Black tea plus not having been since we left the apartment. So how do we want to do this? Head home?”

“I think this place has just one bathroom,” Parker said. “We could just slip in real quick.”

“It’ll look a little strange…”

“I bet almost no one will notice. And if we’re quick, they won’t even think anything of it.”

“Okay. But let’s wait a bit longer.”

“You’re sure?”

“Not forever, but I can definitely hold it a lot longer. How about you, do you need to?”

“Not yet.”

“How about we wait until you do, and then both go?”

“And if that takes a long time?”

She shrugged. “I’m Meagan the Mighty.” Then she grinned. “I felt that shiver.”

As it happened, the hot chocolate went through him quickly, too, and twenty minutes later he said, “Time to go.”

“So soon?”

“Yeah, but also I’m getting a little restless.”

They slipped into the single restroom, and were confronted by a sink that was fairly far from the toilet. “Nuts,” Parker said, “I was planning on using the sink while you used the toilet.”

“You want to do it simultaneous? ‘Cause I thought we would just swap off.”

“Simultaneous would be more thematic.”

“Heh. Okay, let’s see. If I’m on the toilet and spread my legs, it should work. But you’ll have to aim, darn it.”

“What’s wrong with me aiming?”

“I wanted to aim. But not when I’m in the line of fire!”

“Good point. Help me with my fly?”

“If you’ll help me with my belt…”

With only one pair of free hands between them, getting clothes adjusted took a lot longer than usual, especially as Meagan had to get hers down to her ankles for safety’s sake. But finally she was sitting on the toilet—not even locked down yet; she clearly didn’t have to got that bad—and he was standing in front of her, and she said, “On three?”

“Mmmhmm.”

“One, two, pee.”

He let fly, taking great care to keep his stream between her legs. She didn’t have that problem, of course.

As they washed their hands, Meagan said, “So we were gonna be in and out real quick, right?”

“Yeah, this took a little longer than I thought…”

“Let’s get out of here. But I’ve got one stop to make.”

###

So how about that, folks? Let's give these kids some applause!

A few quick notes on handfasting: (1) It's quite real, both nowadays and historically; (2) There are different ideas about how it worked historically, with debate over whether it was a "trial marriage" or just an engagement before marriage; and (3) so far as I know, no one has ever used it the way Meagan wants to use it.

And a quick note about what's to come: there's more to come before we wrap. Stay tuned!

*009*2023-10-15 04:34

Yeah, Meagan's not the marrying type because of her family background. This compromise is as close as she can get.

Here's a bit more!

###

Someone was waiting for the bathroom as they left, and blinked as they walked past, but nobody said anything. Parker was still eager to get out as quick as he could, but Meagan knew where she was going. As with many coffeeshops, there was a water jug for refilling bottles, and also a few cups stacked next to it. She filled one, knocked it back, filled it again, knocked that back too, then set the glass aside on the busing station and led the way out of the shop.

“Where to next?” Parker said. “I don’t think I want to go home just yet.”

“Definitely not,” Meagan said. “Can we do things my way for a bit?”

“In public?”

“Semi-public,” she replied. “Getting more potentially public as the day goes on, though…”

Parker hesitated, then said, “You really want to, don’t you.”

“Mmmmhmmmm.”

“Then I trust you.”

“’Kay!” she said with glee. “Next stop, the library!”

“Where now?”

“Library basement.”

“But isn’t that the other way?”

“We’re taking the long way around.” She squeezed his hand. “Gotta let that extra water work through me, huh?”

“I thought we were doing your way.”

“We are. But I want to give you something to think about. Annnnd I felt that shiver too!”

“Downside to this handfasting thing,” Parker muttered. “No secrets.”

“You’ve got no secrets from me anyway,” she said.

“I suppose that’s true.”

Still no one noticed, or commented, as they walked hand-in-bound-hand through the campus. At one point Meagan dragged him into a brief run over to stomp on some crunchy-looking leaves. At a couple points Parker stopped her to look at a particularly photogenic tree in the late-autumn sunlight. But eventually they circled around to the science library, and pushed their way in, and went down into the basement.

“So I actually do need to do a little homework down here,” Meagan admitted quietly. “But since I can’t write as long as we’re—” and here she just squeezed his hand “—then you’re gonna have to take a few notes for me, okay?”

“Okay…”

“Not a lot,” she said. “I just need to double-check some journal citations. But it does mean I’ll need to do some reading. Want to find a photography magazine or something?”

“I’ll just watch you,” Parker said—and then, “Heh. That shivering thing goes both ways, huh?”

It was compact shelving down here in the basement, with the shelves squeezed close together on tracks, so Parker got to help by spinning the controls and moving the shelving far enough apart to slip in and look for the right psychology journals.

“Isn’t this all online now?” Parker asked. Quietly, of course—this was a library.

“A lot of it is, but not all of it,” she replied, equally quietly. And then, more quietly still, she added, “But in the online journals, I couldn’t do this.” And she pulled him towards her and unzipped his fly.

“Umm…”

“My way, remember?” she whispered. “It’s not just about making you wait,” and here she slid her finger into the fly of his boxers, “it’s about control.”

“Are you sure about this?” Parker asked, hardening rapidly.

“Not a lot of traffic down here. Not as much staff on Sundays, either. And definitely not the first time the library’s been used like this. Are you okay with this?”

“I don’t want to come on the books.”

“I can swallow. Just say the word. But I want to hear you say it. Are you okay?”

“I think I am…”

She stroked him a little faster. “I gotta pee again already, but I can handle that much more liquid.”

His hard-on got so stiff so quick it didn’t have room to get out through his fly in time, and he groaned with the sudden awkward pressure. She quickly maneuvered him loose.

“Anyone could walk by…”

“That’s the idea. So stay facing me.”

“You’re really, really sure?” he whispered. “Because… I kinda wanted to come in you tonight.”

“I think you can probably come twice today,” she breathed.

“I just don’t want sex later to be disappointing for you.”

She kissed him, still stroking. “If you give me this memory, it really won’t be.” Then she added, “Someone’s coming. No, don’t put it away! Very unlikely they’re looking for this aisle.” She stood even closer to him, taking his free hand in hers and holding all their hands down at their sides, and then kissed him again. “There. They moved on.”

“But they’re still down here.”

“Mmhmm. You’ll have to come quietly.”

“If I can,” he whispered. He was already starting to wilt.

She immediately started stroking again, quickly. “So you know I gotta pee,” she breathed into his ear. “I promise you, right now, I won’t pee a bit until we’ve made love in our bed tonight.”

“Tonight? Really?”

She rolled her eyes. “Wellllll… later today. But I will hold it for you. I’m gonna be absolutely bursting by the time we get to that. So much pressure. I’m gonna be squirming and dancing around. I’m already getting excited thinking about it.”

“Excited…?”

“Lover, I’m already wet for you. If I could drop my pants right now, we wouldn’t need lube. Some of that’s from this right now. Some of that is from imagining what we’ll do. I’m gonna have to go so, so bad… but I committed, didn’t I?”

“I’m gonna…”

“Whoops, so you are,” she said, dropping to her knees.

When he finished, she wiped her chin, then stood up and zipped him up. “Thank you for that, lover,” she whispered in his ear.

“It seems like you did something for me… but I get it. I did do something for you, didn’t I? That feeling of power.”

“Mmmmhmmmmmm.”

“But now we actually have to do your homework. Unless that was just an excuse to get me down here.”

“Well… kind of, yeah. A lot of these hard copies have been scanned and uploaded to JSTOR, so I could look at them from home if I need to.”

“For shame, luring me down here under false pretenses! C’mon, show me which ones you need and we’ll do your homework now.”

It was not the most efficient note-taking session ever, as Meagan couldn’t write, and had to teach Parker her note-taking system so it would match her other research, and point out which quotes she wanted him to copy down, and so on—and all the while doing it quietly, since it was a library.

“We could do this a lot better at home,” Meagan murmured.

“We’re doing okay.”

“But there’s something else we could do at home, too. Or at least something else I could do.”

“Hmmm?”

“Squirm.”

He grinned and shook his head. “No. No way. You’re Meagan the Mighty, you can hold it without squirming. We are gonna finish this research if it takes all afternoon, and you’re not gonna distract your scribe with any squirming. Or talking about squirming, either.”

They got through the particular journal article she wanted, and then got up and returned it to the expandable shelving, and then Meagan said, “Okay, we can go home now.”

“Are you done? Completely done?”

“Most everything else I can get online.”

“‘Most’?”

“Okay, okay, there’s one more…”

They returned to their study table and she again began pouring over the text. A few moments later she closed it up. “There’s nothing I need in this one,” she said.

He tsked and shook his head.

“No, I’m serious! I thought this article would have something I needed, but it didn’t. Research goes like that sometimes. I’m not just trying to get home faster.”

“All right,” he relented.

“And to prove I’m not just trying to hurry home, let’s swing by the store. There’s something I want for dinner tonight. Well, for after dinner.”

They walked along at a leisurely pace, arms swinging between them.

“How you doin’, love?” he asked. “Or, should I ask—how ya doin’, partner?”

She shivered.

“It’s like that, huh?” he said, grinning.

“That was from what you said,” she told him firmly. “I gotta go, but I can wait a lot longer. Which is good, because I’m gonna have to, aren’t I? Get to the store… get dinner… eat dinner… sex… then peeing. Probably not for a couple more hours.”

He shook his head. “I can’t believe how lucky I am,” he said. “And I’m so grateful that we’re doing this again.”

She shrugged. “It feels natural, for us. I mean, the first time I ever made you come, it was from peeing in that trash can.”

“Yeah, that was amazing.”

“It’s still one of my life goals to make you come over my shoulder again,” she said. “I was pretty proud of that. And now that I’m holding it again, and seeing how much it’s turning you on—well, it’s like riding a bicycle. I remember how to do it, and I remember why I’d want to.”

“I just thought—I thought you’d never hold it for me again.”

“The only way that’ll ever happen,” she said firmly, “is if we break up. It’s never been the holding part, Parker. Since we’re doing old memories, remember just before that first sex, when I told you to take the towel off me?”

“Indeed I do.”

“I wanted to prove to you that the holding pee thing really, really wasn’t a problem. And it still wasn’t, these last few months. What you did to me wasn’t about the holding, it was about crossing boundaries and breaking trust.”

“I know. But associating holding with boundary-crossing—that and the fact I didn’t deserve any rewards after what I did…”

“Deserve’s got nothing to do with it,” she said, giving his hand a squeeze. “I wasn’t punishing you, lover. Partner. The associating, though—yeah. But if I can’t get myself over that, I’m not much good as a future therapist, now am I?”

“I guess not.”

“Change of subject,” she said. “What are we getting for takeout?”

“I had an idea about that.”

“And are you gonna tell me?”

“Just waiting for the appropriately dramatic moment.”

“Oh, I see. Drumroll…”

“Thai.”

She threw back her head and laughed. “Amazing. Of course. Let’s do it.”

###

Stay tuned for more!

*010*2023-10-18 03:37

And here's the more that you stayed tuned for.

###

“I wish I could remember the Thai place’s number, though. And their menu. That way we could call now and pick it up on our way home.”

“They’re just down the street, we can go back out for it later.”

“But you might find that a bit difficult, later. If you’re still holding.”

“Is that a challenge?”

“I suppose it is.”

“Right, then. We’ll stop by the store, get what we need there, head back to the apartment, call, go pick it up, eat, fuck, and then pee.”

“You are so insanely hot just for saying that.”

“I know.”

The trip to the store was uneventful, except for the part where she insisted on paying since he’d done the coffee, and that meant finding a quiet aisle and having him reach into her back pocket with his free hand to get her wallet out. He only copped the briefest feel of her butt as he did so.

As they arrived home, Parker said, “Wait. I feel like I oughta carry you across the threshhold.”

She laughed. “Or I should carry you. Besides, you already did that, remember? At Dacy’s wedding.”

“I guess I did.”

“And I don’t know how well you’d manage with only one hand.”

“Good point.”

“But it is special, isn’t it?” she said, as he managed the lock and they stepped inside. She quickly kissed him. “Love you,” she whispered.

“I know.”

They put the groceries away, figuring out as they went that they could reach across the entire kitchen between the two of them.

“Not having my dominant hand free is kind of a pain in the ass.”

“It’s probably good for you.”

“We should just swap off. Retie the knot and have you using your left hand.”

“If we start untying and retying for convenience, that kinda defeats the message, doesn’t it?”

“Oh, all right. But next year, we’re tying your left hand.”

Groceries stowed—it only took about half again as long as it should have if they’d had both their hands free—Parker drew Meagan close and asked, “How’re you doing now?”

“I,” she replied, “am ecstatically in love with you. That’s how I’m doing.”

“I meant—”

“I know exactly what you meant,” she said, and kissed him. “You want to call the restaurant?”

“Not until I get a status check.”

“I,” she repeated her dramatic slight pause, “need to pee. But I won’t go yet. I promised.”

“How bad?”

“Pfft. This is nothing.”

“Then I’ll call the restaurant in a while.”

“Let’s at least check out the menu, then.”

“You’re just hoping I get hungry looking at it.”

“I’m not hoping, I know you’ll get hungry. I’m already hungry, is all.”

“Oh, in that case…!”

As they looked at the menu on Parker’s laptop, Meagan said, “Oh, and I’m gonna go up an extra star on the spiciness today.”

“You sure? You generally top out at two.”

“Mmmhmm. But that means I’ll have to drink extra water, now won’t it?”

“You are amazing. But let’s just get one thing with three stars, okay? I want you to be able to actually enjoy your dinner.”

“You’re amazing, thinking of me like that.”

“Always.”

“Always have so far, anyway. But I like the trend.”

It was Parker’s turn to pay, but Meagan made the call. “Twenty minutes until pickup,” she said. “Wanna do anything until then?”

“Well, we could make out, or we could waste time on the internet.”

“Let’s make out. Might not want to as much after we’ve had all the spicy food.”

(It should be noted in passing here that both Meagan and Parker were from the US Midwest and had no idea how mild their “spicy” food would be by global standards. But the important thing was that it would indeed make Meagan drink more water.)

They didn’t make it the full twenty minutes. After ten or so the kissing trailed off a bit, but only because they started talking. Meagan, resting her head on Parker’s chest and tracing his cheekbones with her left fingers, murmurred, “You know another good thing about this? If we’d done a normal wedding, we’d never have time for this much making out and cuddling on the big day. I mean, Dacy and Clark barely saw each other until the ceremony… and they were so busy during the ceremony and the reception they barely had time for each other. I’d even be willing to bet that they didn’t have sex that night.”

“I’d bet they did,” Parker said, “what with Clark taking her top off in the hot tub and all.”

“Yeah, but everyone was exhausted.”

“We managed.”

“We weren’t on stage the whole day.”

“And we weren’t on stage today, either,” Parker said. “I see your point. I do think we’re missing one possibility, though.”

Mmm?”

“You holding it in a wedding dress. That would be hot.”

She chuckled. “Reminds me of Dacy getting desperate…”

“How did you manage that for her?”

“Not my story to tell. But it involved a lot of helping hands. You know, I could put my bridesmaid dress on, if that would be nice.”

“Probably a little cold for November. Besides, I really like you in jeans and a sweatshirt. My sweatshirt, to be specific.”

“But that dress pressed on my bladder so much.”

“That was nice—but today, I don’t necessarily want to hurry this,” Parker pointed out. “I like the buildup.”

“Mmmm. You really, really do. So watch me closely when we go to the restaurant, ‘kay? I think you’ll like what you see.”

They went down the block, still hand in hand of course. Their food was ready, but to pay they had to wait in line.

Parker did as he’d been told, and watched while they waited. A few moment of this, and he bent close to Meagan’s ear and whispered, “So you’re gonna have to tell me when to pay, when to leave, stuff like that. ‘Cause right now I can’t see anything but you.”

She whispered back, “And do you like what you see?”

“So much.”

She grinned, and pulled him forward to the counter.

Outside, bag of food in hand, walking home, she said under the cover of the traffic noise, “So, getting hard?”

“A little.”

“Excellent.”

“That was so subtle in there. But since I knew what to look for…”

“Exactly.”

The day was disappearing, and autumn evening coming on. The slight warmth of the November sun had disappeared, and they shivered. “Does it smell like snow?” Parker asked.

She took a sniff. “No, I don’t think so.”

“Wishful thinking, then.”

“We won’t always get snowbound, love.”

“Yes, but it’s so excellent when we do.”

Inside, they faced a problem.

“I don’t know how to get this hoodie off without untying,” Meagan said.

“You can take your bra off under your shirt but you can’t do this?”

“For that I have both hands free.”

“Should we just leave the hoodies on, then?”

She shook her head violently. “I want you naked tonight. And I’m willing to bet you want me naked, too.”

“Good call. Hmmmm.”

“I think we have to get untied, just for a bit,” she said, “and then re-tie after.”

“Yeah, I guess so,” Parker said. “I’m beginning to think this ‘stay-handfasted all day’ tradition predates the invention of the sweatshirt. So, here’s the compromise: we have to stay holding hands. But we’ll switch hands.”

“Oooh, do I get to be right-handed again?”

“I was looking forward to feeding you. Like at that one Thanksgiving.”

“You know, it’s kinda hilarious that that’s the only Thanksgiving we ever remember.”

“I remember the Thanksgiving at Franklin, too. It just wasn’t near as much fun.”

“True. Okay, here’s my compromise. We switch hands, so I can have my right hand free again. We’ll feed each other—that only seems right. But I see what you mean, and I’ll raise you a different kind of help: you can help me hold.”

Parker’s heart began to thump. “How do you mean?”

“When I need to hold myself—and note I said when, not if—you’ll do it for me.”

“That’s exactly what I thought you meant.”

“You like it.”

“I do.”

“Wasn’t asking. I can tell from your pulse.”

“All right, let’s do it.”

The next few minutes were a hilarious scramble of arms and hands and sleeves, and they were both laughing uncontrollably by the time they had the hoodies off, and Meagan gasped through her giggles, “Hey lover? Help already?”

“What?”

“Help me hold! Now!”

He quickly slid his hand—the only one he had free—between her legs and pressed.

“Lower and harder,” she said.

“That’s what she said,” he commented, and that set her off laughing again, and she crossed her legs right over his hand, and between howls she scolded him, “Don’t… you dare… do that… again!”

Finally the laughter subsided.

“Can I take my hand away now?”

“Yeah, I’m good. Thank you, lover. I just about pissed myself,” Meagan said. “Me! I nearly pissed my pants! In fact…” She thrust her free hand down her pants and sighed with relief. “Nope. Still dry.”

“If you wet yourself laughing, I think you could be forgiven. A little giddiness is expected on a day like today, yeah?”

“But Parker, I’ve got a reputation! Admittedly you’re the only one who knows it…”

“What, none of your friends ever figured out you’re so good at holding it?”

“It’s never come up.”

“No road trips where you had to stop for them?”

“Probably? But I don’t remember. You gotta understand, I started paying a lot more attention to this particular bodily function once I started dating you. In the ‘Before Parker’ era, it was just something you had to deal with. I wasn’t exactly collecting stats. Can we eat now?”

“I’m not super-hungry…”

“But the food will get cold if we don’t eat now, and I promised you I’d hold it right through dinner and through our fucking afterward, and so I’d like to get started, please.”

He kissed her, and let his hand slip between her legs again. “We could just go straight to the fucking now. And microwaves exist.”

She grinned. “They do. But I still wanna do it this way. Keep both of us waiting just a little bit longer.”

“You’re gonna get me hard first, though, aren’t you.”

“You know me so well. It’s like we’re partners.”

“We are, aren’t we?”

She started by taking off his shirt, and then letting him return the favor. When they were both naked from the waist up and re-tied, she grabbed his free hand with hers and held it to her breast, then dropped her own hand to feel him up. When he was, in fact, quite hard, she smiled and said, “’Kay, let’s eat!”

They had to figure out the geometry of their new handfasted configuration. It posed some challenges.

“I kinda envisioned you on my lap for the eating part,” Parker said.

“I envisioned you on mine. But I don’t see it working.”

“Maybe it’s better this way. Our handfasting begins on an equal footing!”

They ended up sitting next to each other on the couch. They took turns feeding each other, dropping only a little of the food here and there (“Imagine the mess if we’d tried chopsticks.” “We’d have to put down a tarp.”) and reveling in the togetherness. Meagan, Parker noted with great interest, was in her locked-down stage.

“I love you so much,” he said. “What you do to turn me on.”

“It’s a little tricky, since we haven’t done this for a while—but it’s also like riding a bicycle. I don’t think I’m gonna set any records today, love, but I’ll last as long as we need me to.”

“I love that ‘we’, too.”

“Well, it’s true, isn’t it? By the way, if you’re not hard right now we should work on that.”

“I feel you should decide when and how to pee.”

“You sure? Because I already picked the time, and I already made you come whether you liked it or not.”

“I’m sure.”

“There aren’t a lot of things we haven’t done.”

“Pick an old favorite, then.”

“Mmmm. I want… I want you to help me, somehow. Help me hold more, and then help me pee…”

“Remember the peanut butter jar?”

“Perfect. Do we still have that?”

“I think that particular jar didn’t survive the move, but I think that random old water bottle you used during the blackout is around here somewhere.”

Having finished eating, Meagan snuggled up to him. “I’m cold,” she said.

“I can tell,” he said, caressing her hard nipples.

“And I gotta pee.”

“Well, we gotta wash up first, don’t we?”

“Of course we do.”

It was always warmer in the kitchen, at least, but now Meagan had to contend with running water as they washed their plates and forks—because of course they had to work together, him holding a plate while she scrubbed. Before long she had to cross her legs. They didn’t bother with drying. As Meagan put the last plate in the drying rack, Parker ran his hand down her neck, across her breast, and stopped over her bladder.

“If you press on me right there, this evening’s gonna get a lot shorter,” Meagan warned.

“Just checking.”

“Use your words.”

“How are you?”

“Lover, I gotta go real bad. Running water wasn’t easy.”

“Time to go to bed?”

She kissed him and drew him into the bedroom.

His pants and boxers came off, and she spent a little time appreciating what she found underneath them. But then he reached to unzip her jeans, and she grabbed his wrist. “We’re gonna need to do that carefully, ’kay?”

“How carefully?”

She crossed her legs again, then loosened the knot that tied their hands together so they could move a bit more freely. Then with her free hand she unzipped, slowly. And finally she drew their tied-together hands to her crotch, slipping their ten fingers under the waistband of her panties. “Help me hold, lover,” she whispered in his ear. “And turn me on. Oh, and help me with my clothes?”

“You’ll need to uncross…”

“I know. That’s why I want your help.” She carefully brought her legs apart.

It did take both hands—her free one and his free one—to get her jeans and panties off.

“Mmmmmm,” she said. “That makes it so much harder. Press down, lover, or I’m gonna leak all over your hand.”

“And hearing that makes me so much harder…”

“Lemme see—yup, that’s a nice hard one.” She gave it a quick appreciative stroke. “I love, love, love how hard I can make you.”

“And how much you can push my buttons,” he said. He kissed her neck, twice. “Like, say, in a library.”

She flushed, shivered appreciatively, and stretched a bit. “That was so excellent,” she said. “Come to bed and tell me more.”

“Do we want a towel?”

She hesitated. “I kinda want it to be a challenge for me to not let one drop out…”

“I guess there would be time to wash the sheets after if we had to.”

“Yeah, let’s get a towel.” She kissed him. “I don’t wanna let you out of bed the rest of tonight. At least not to do laundry.”

They grabbed a towel from the cold bathroom, then hurried back to the somewhat-warmer bedroom and spread the towel out. Meagan lay down on it, spread her legs, and brought their joined hands back to her crotch. This time Parker’s hand was underneath hers. He did press down hard with the heel of his hand, but he also crooked a finger back to find her clit. She arched her back as he did.

“The thing about the library?” Parker said. “I was just so shocked. The only time you’ve ever done anything like that was in my parents’ yard—and then it was nighttime. And we had fences around us. Or you got me off out in the woods, when we were out in the open but alone. But just right there in the library stacks?”

Her eyes half-closed in pleasure, from his touch or his words he didn’t know. But her ear-to-ear grin, he guessed, was from what he was saying. He kept going.

“I didn’t really have a choice, though, did I? Because you just kept pushing right on my kink. Just would not take softening for an answer. ‘I’m gonna be so desperate,’ you said.”

“Mmmmmmhmmmmm.” She was beginning to writhe under his fingers and his words and the pressure in her bladder. “And as a matter of fact, I am…”

“But the other thing that made me hard was hearing how turned on you were. Telling me how wet you were. And telling me how wet you’d be tonight. What really made me come was hearing that. Well, that and what you were doing with your hand.”

“And my lips. Don’t forget that. Mmmmmmmm. Move your finger slightly to the left and tell me again, Parker-partner…”

“I didn’t have a choice,” he repeated. “I was so nervous that someone would see us, and a little embarrassed, and terrified of how we’d have to explain. But what you were saying and doing was just too much. The fact that you were already holding for me, and promised to keep right on doing it until—well, right now, really—and then telling me how hot it made you… I could feel it coming. I couldn’t hold—heh. I couldn’t hold my own cum.”

Meagan made a noise he’s almost never heard from her, a kind of gasp, almost a sob, and bucked. Bucked against their joined hands, squeezing his between hers and her body beneath as she arched up off the towel. She turned her head blindly and wildly, thumping against his own in the process, hunting for his mouth to kiss. She thrust her tongue into his mouth and kissed him desperately, hungrily. Then she tore her lips away but kept her forehead pressed against his, and gasped, “Again!”

“You made me so hard, with your words,” he said. “Telling me how wet you were. How much you wished you could just take me right then and there. We wouldn’t need lube, you said. That was what did it, really. You made me come in the library stacks, like it or not, talking about how turned on you were…”

She cried out again and her climax hit her like an earthquake. Shudder after shudder went through her. He felt it in her frantic breath against his neck, in her racing pulse, in the vise-grip of their tied-together hands, in the way she ground the nub of her clitoris against his fingers.

Then the waves ebbed—not gone, but subsiding. Her arching slackened. Her pulse was still racing, though, and he experimentally touched her clit again.

She spasmed again, but she gasped, “Stop, stop, stop.”

“I bet I could make you come again.”

“I’d lose all the pee,” she said.

“How’d you hold it?”

“I have no idea. But lover—partner—I’m so desperate after that, but I wanna keep my promise and have you come in me before I go.”

“Well, we know you’ll be wet enough.”

“I can’t do it that way, I’d wet the bed on your first thrust,” she said. “But it’s better this way. I wanted to do it this way anyway. I want you to come on my boobs.”

“You’re sure.”

“Fuckin’ right I’m sure.”

“So we’ll need lube after all!”

She grinned. “And Parker?”

“Yeah?”

“I am absolutely bursting. But take your time.”

It was not the easiest position they’d ever fucked in. Meagan squeezed her boobs together with her arms, but of course her right hand was still tied to Parker’s left. And her left hand had to be buried between her double-crossed legs. But Parker wasn’t worried. Buried in her warm flesh, slick with lube, he’d be able to come most any day. And considering the wriggling she was doing—considering what she was saying…

“Oh fuck, Parker, I am so desperate,” she whispered. “I haven’t had to pee like this since… I don’t know, maybe my graduation. Come for me, lover, come right on me, because I gotta go!”

Between her breasts, her beautiful breasts, and with total permission, and with her words ringing in his ears, he almost came on the third thrust. He managed to hold back, and made it through the fifth slow slide in before she noticed.

“You holdin’ back on me?” she asked, grinning.

“You said… I could take… my time.”

“I did, but lover?”

“Hmm?”

“I have to pee so bad.”

And again, just like in the library, he didn’t really have a choice.

“There you go,” she said with a grin. “And now, I hate to interrupt the afterglow, but can I please please please pee now?”

“In a second,” he said, still panting.

“Parker, I just leaked.”

He rolled off of her, dribbling a little on her belly as he did, and reached for the water bottle. She sat up and swung her legs off the bed. He unscrewed the top and held it up to her groin in the nick of time.

“Oh, fuck!” Meagan gasped as she let go. “Feels like coming all over again…”

He kissed her. “I love you,” he said.

“Right back at you—so much.”

Her usual piss explosion passed quickly and she collapsed back onto the bed. He recapped the bottle and set it aside.

“I should wash up,” she said, “but I don’t wanna get up.”

“I’d go get a washcloth and clean you, since I was the one who made the mess,” he said, “but turns out I’m still tied to you.”

She pushed herself up on her free arm enough to kiss him again, and then said, “Well, maybe it’s time to untie the knot.”

“But only literally, not figuratively.”

She grinned. “Not for a year and a day!”

When he’d washed her off, and with both of them under the covers, and with her snuggled close against him, he mused, “A year and a day.”

“Well, we’ve done the day. And it was amazing.”

“Seriously. This was not what I was expecting, when we woke up…”

“I’m so happy, Parker. I’m so happy I almost don’t trust it.”

“Trust it,” he said firmly. “Trust me.”

“I do. I really do.”

“So—a year.”

“And then the year after that, and the year—and a day—after that…”

“I won’t try to imagine how many times,” he said.

“Tonight, of all nights, I think we can imagine.”

“No pressure?”

“Not right now.”

“Well. We can certainly imagine the year. Thanksgiving coming, and then Christmas after; should we go home for that again?”

“Yes please. Maybe we’ll do Thanksgiving on our own, but I love Christmas with your family.”

“Yours now, too.”

“That… sounds pretty amazing.”

“I’m pretty stunned by it.”

“And then maybe we’ll go somewhere in the summer. A road trip.”

“Mmmm. We had a lot of fun on our last one, didn’t we?”

“Yeah, but let’s get out of Michigan this time. Go see some real mountains. Or the ocean.”

“Mountains. We’ve seen the ocean.”

“You don’t want to see me in a bikini again?”

“Didn’t say that. But still, mountains.”

“Even if I’m squirming a little?”

“You have such talent, my love; I bet you’ll be able to squirm in the mountains, too.”

“Okay. And then after that…”

