Falling (Meagan & Parker, Four Seasons Ch. 4...the finale?)

Author: Weasel

*011*2023-10-21 15:27

And here's the last little bit.

###

Winter

“Merry Christmas, love,” Parker said, handing over a small, inexpertly-wrapped present.

“What do we have here?” Meagan said. She shook it—no rattle. She squeezed it—it gave. “Socks!” she said, slightly surprised… and then she roared with laughter.

“Socks?” Will Daniels said, leaning forward. “Particularly hilarious socks? Do they have witty remarks printed on them? Or dirty jokes?”

“No, just socks,” Parker said.

“Okay…” his father answered. “So the last time we gave you socks, Parker, you were resentful for weeks, so what’s the deal here?”

“Dad, I was twelve! Of course I was resentful!”

“It’s a long story. And kind of an inside joke,” Meagan said, wiping her eyes.

“I can tell them, unless you’d rather keep it between us,” Parker said.

“Well, now that it’s safely over…”

“Last August we had a big fight,” Parker began to explain. “Meagan left the apartment. And I thought she might be leaving me. So I packed a bag for her…”

Summer

“Oh, my god!” Meagan said.

“You know, love, that’s the closest I’ve ever heard you come to squealing?”

“I’m just… I just can’t… I’m in awe. And in love. I have never seen anything quite this gorgeous.”

“Not even me?”

“You’re not fourteen thousand feet tall, Parker.”

“So size does matter! The truth comes out at last…”

“This is just so… I’m at a loss for words.”

“How you feelin’ otherwise?” he asked casually.

“Oh, I am absolutely bursting,” she replied, “but this is more important. And, um, honestly, I know we had a plan—but now that we’re here, I almost feel like peeing here would be sacrilegious.”

“Want to keep driving and find a gas station, then?”

“Oh, fuck no, I can’t hold it that long. I said almost. But I want to take pictures of the vista, not of me. This view is too gorgeous to have a picture of me peeing in front of it. Sorry, hon.”

“It’s okay—as long as we also take a picture or two of us in front of the vista. I’ll know what that special look in your eyes meant.”

“Deal. And then I’ll piss by the car. You can take a picture of that, if you want, nothing sacrilegious about pissing on a tire.”

“I’ll set up the tripod.”

“Take your time, love. I can wait… a little bit…”

Spring

Parker knew the rhythm of the photographer’s year pretty well by now. In fall, it was school photos. In winter, family Christmas cards. In spring, prom shots and graduation photos. Tonight it was a prom, doing his best to make the awkward teens look beautiful. (He was studiously ignoring the girls in the deep-cut dresses and short skirts who were already pretty darn beautiful.) He enjoyed doing it—it was way better than working with little kids—but it had been a long day, and now looked to be a long night.

His phone dinged.

“Looks good, you two!” he said to his latest subjects. “Enjoy the dance!” Then he paused for a “water break” and quickly took a look at his phone.

Last three clients *all* ran late, no chance for a bathroom break

@@want that to be for your benefit?

He looked at the line of high schoolers waiting for him to take their picture.

Love to, but can’t come home soon

If soon can be in the next two hours, offer still stands

Holy fuck I love you

I know

He didn’t exactly hurry through his next few clients, but he did move a little more quickly. A little less stopping to chat. A little faster and simpler on the arrangements. And he didn’t notice the girls at all.

Okay, finishing up here. Gonna pack my gear and go. Home in 30.

Here’s what I look like right now:

—and she sent him a picture of her legs. Tightly crossed.

But they’ll be open for you when you get home.

Gaaaah that’s hot

😉

Drive safe!

Fall

“We know that our relationship has always been a little weird,” Parker began.

“And we know that some of you are still a little miffed at us for doing the first of these without you all,” Meagan continued.

“So we’re just grateful to you all for being here with us today,” Parker said.

“And we’re even more grateful to those of you who helped us stay together, across all these years. Dacy, Mitchell, Dr. Vince, Mr. and Mrs. Daniels…”

“All of you, really.”

“So today is about you as much as it is about us. It’s not just so I could make Parker wear a suit again.”

“Well, love, should we make them wait a little longer, or should we do this?”

“Let’s do it. Who’s got the ribbon?”

As they wound the ribbon around their joined hands, Meagan began it:

“Before the eyes of these our friends, I, Meagan, take you, Parker, to have and to hold for a year and a day, in sickness and health and in love and in rage and in everything in between. Again.”

“And I, Parker Daniels, “before the eyes of these our friends, take you, Meagan, to have and to hold for a year and a day, no matter what. I believe that’s our traditional formula, yes?”

“Well, that and the God of Hedgehogs. Can’t forget him.”

“Well thanks a lot, lover, now we have to explain our in-joke to everyone.”

Summer

“I just wanted to say,” Meagan whispered in his ear, “how very, very proud of you I am.”

“I know.”

“Well, yeah. I know you know, doofus. I just like saying it to you.”

They walked around the coffeeshop, looking at the photos on the wall. Black-and-white landscapes, some of them; some with human figures in them, some not; some in color, but with deliberately washed-out colors, a little more abstract.

“Freaking gorgeous,” Meagan murmured, looking at one.

“You know what I’m thinking?”

“Mmm?”

“I was originally gonna go into videography. And here I am selling black-and-white artsy-fartsy photos at a coffee shop.”

“You weren’t interested in doing photography when you were a kid?”

“Oh, yeah, of course I was, but videos just seemed so much cooler.” He squeezed her hand. “Until a certain photoshoot session back at Franklin House…”

“I changed your career trajectory, huh?”

“Changed my whole life,” he said. “Why would my career not be part of that? Be glad I was into video at one point, though, that’s why I joined the Ultimate team and met you. Again.”

“Oh, I am glad. So much.”

“Nothing’s sold yet,” Parker muttered.

“Doesn’t matter,” she said. “I’m still enormously proud of you. In fact…”

“Hmm?”

She whispered in his ear, “Now that you develop photos yourself—we don’t need to use the Polaroid any more, now do we?”

He shivered a little. “Guess not.”

“Want to go home and start a new series right now?”

“That sounds great.”

“Want me to get some black tea to go?”

“Yes. Yes, please.”

When she returned from ordering, tea in her hand, she saw the faraway look in his eye. “You’re planning something.”

“Would you mind terribly, some day when neither of us have clients, going out to the country or a big park and doing a photo shoot where you held it for a long time? Like, go all-out on the lighting and posing?”

“No,” she said.

“No?”

“No, I wouldn’t mind terribly. I love the sound of that. Especially since I just know you’re going to make me wait until you get the shot just right, aren’t you?”

“Mmmhmmmmm.”

Winter

“It’s just so silly.”

“Drink more, then.”

“Oh, I gotta pee already.”

“I meant more alcohol. You’ll be feeling the Mardi Gras spirit in no time.”

“Yeah, but… throwing me beads? Dude, if you wanna see my tits, all you gotta do is ask.”

“It’s traditional!”

“Well, it’s a dumb tradition. And sexist, and generally creepy and male-gazey. And how old a tradition can it really be, anyway?”

“If you wanna stop—”

“Seriously, though, what’s the appeal?”

“The appeal? Well, I’ve never been to New Orleans, let alone Mardi Gras, and I don’t think we’re about to be able to go any time soon.”

“No, for the flashing.”

“Um. Probably a power thing?”

“Right. So again, if you wanna see my tits, I am more than happy to take this shirt off and leave it off all night. But let’s talk it out first, okay?”

“Well, that sounds excellent, but we might wanna wait on that.”

“How come?”

“Well, another Mardi Gras tradition is drinking so much you gotta piss in an alleyway. And since we have an alleyway just outside…”

“It’s too cold for that tonight. And what would the neighbors think?”

“Well, I think that if you’re thinking that way, you haven’t had enough to drink.”

“I’ll do this, though: I will pee anywhere inside the apartment that you want, and we can pretend it’s an alleyway.”

“A New Orleans alleyway. Since we’re pretending.”

“Done.”

“Deal. But I still want you to flash me.”

“While I’m peeing?”

“But of course.”

Summer

“No! I said no, and I mean no, mmmmmmkay?”

“All right, all right. What’s one more thing?”

“What’s that supposed to mean?”

“Just feels like you’re getting your way a lot lately. I’m really looking forward to it being my turn again soon.”

“This is not ‘take-turns’ kind of thing! This is fuckin’ serious, Parker. So shut up and deal!”

“I’m gonna go take a walk.”

“If it gets you to be quiet, go for it.”

“Hmm, on second thought, I think I’d rather stay. Make a little noise, maybe.”

“For fuck’s sake, Parker, get out. Go take that walk. Make it a nice long one, too.”

Summer—later:

“Mmmmmmmmmmmm. That was nice.”

“I love make-up sex.”

“Wait, were we making up? What for?”

“Forgotten already?”

“Apparently.”

“Damn, I’m better in bed than I thought.”

“Oh, are you then? Quick, what were we arguing about?”

“…Ummm…”

“So I guess we’re both pretty good, huh?”

“Yup. Wanna go pee?”

“Together? Absolutely.”

Summer, even later than that:

“Just remembered what we were fighting about.”

“Don’t tell me.”

“Wasn’t gonna. Dear god, that was silly… pass me your pillow, I wanna hit myself in the face with it for being a doofus.”

“Well, I’m not gonna do that. But want me to fuck you into forgetfulness again?”

“Yes please.”

Fall

“Mmmmmmmmmm. This is nice. Good idea, lover.”

“I figured you’d appreciate making me wait.”

“I meant the bed and breakfast. And the lake. The whole long weekend. It’s a nice change of pace.” Parker stroked Meagan’s taut bladder. “This isn’t so much a change.”

“Getting routine?”

“A delightful routine. Never humdrum.”

“Well, I still want to do something special with it. It’s handfasting, after all.”

“So, you want to go around again? Another year?”

“No, I got us a B&B and held it for you during the drive up here and I’m lying naked in bed with you while still holding it because I plan on dumping you next week.”

“Oh, I see. Well, in that case we’d better make this a good one.”

“Absolutely. Now, I gotta go, but we’ve got a little time—how do you want to do this?”

“Mmm. Tell you what I want to do: I want to tie the ribbon while we’re fucking.”

“Heh, that’s a new variation.”

“Well, I thought of it last year, but I wasn’t sure would go for it.”

“Last year we had fifteen guests.”

“Yeah, that’s why.”

“Well. I had something else I wanted to do while we’re fucking, too. I guess the only question is if you want me to hold it until after.”

“Is your thing gonna take a while?”

“It might, yeah.”

“I leave it up to you to decide, then.”

“I’ll go now, then—unless you’re going to be secretly disappointed?”

“Nah. But I get to watch you pee.”

“Of course!”

She sat on the toilet and smiled up at him as he stroked himself. “I really love being able to turn you on this way,” she said. “It’s so handy. Don’t need to spend extra money on it, don’t need to get special outfits, just drink some water and wait.” She wiped, stood up, and took his hard-on in hand. “Mmm. You need more, I think.”

“And we’ve barely even started with you. Vibe or tongue or fingers?”

“Tongue and fingers, please?”

“You got it.”

Back at the bed, he slid a finger into her and found her clit with his tongue, working both sides of the clitoris at once. “Slowly, please,” Meagan said. “That’s real intense, I need to ease into it.” He obliged.

After some time of this, Meagan said, “Mmm. Okay, please keep doing that, but can you also start touching yourself, too? And think of me desperate. What’s your favorite memory of me bursting?”

“Too many to pick,” Parker said. “But the treehouse always comes to mind.” He resumed licking.

“Mmm. Good one. I was thinking you might pick graduation.”

“Which one?”

“Fair point… mmm. Yes, that’s a nice pattern, keep doing that. And keep jacking off.”

A few minutes later, Parker drew back. “You feel really, really ready to me.”

“I think I am. You?”

“Maybe a little more.”

“Now?”

“Yeah.”

She straddled him, slid down onto him. “Got the ribbon?”

“Better. I got the hoodie drawstring again.”

“Aww, sweetie!” She thrust twice, and held up her hand for him to tie. “Wait—is it my turn to keep my right hand, or yours?”

“We may not get out of this bed the whole time we’re tied. Does it matter?”

“Guess not.”

She had to pause her thrusts so he could do the honors, but she squeezed him every now and then. She began again as she began their words.

“I take you, Parker—in more than one way—to have and to hold for a year and a day…”

“I take you, Meagan, no matter what…”

They weren’t even close to climaxing, though. “You said you wanted to do something else while we were fuckin’?” Parker asked as Meagan rode him.

“It might not be the best possible time for this conversation, but, um—I wanna have your baby.”

Parker’s brain seized.

“Not right this second, silly!” she laughed.

“Don’t scare a man like that, partner! Not enough blood for both ends!”

“Oh, shit, sorry. Uhh—remember Thanksgiving Week? When I held it for you while I was washing the dishes?”

“I do indeed…”

“Better?”

“Mmm. A few more memories, please.”

“Photoshoot.”

“Which one?”

“The one in the autumn leaves. Those pictures you got of me leaning against a tree…”

“Oooh, yeah. That was a good one.”

“Back on track?”

“You got me.”

“I do. I do.”

Later, as they untied the drawstring, Parker said, “A baby. Wow. That would be… a lot. I’ll need to think about it.”

“Let’s take the whole year to think about it. ‘Good in every season,’ right? And then we can decide by next handfasting.”

Summer

Julia Bristow was so apologetic about recruiting Meagan for a bit of camp counseling that Parker eventually had to leave her office just to escape the “I’m Sorry” bombardment. Luckily he had plenty to occupy himself. The New Mexican scenery wasn’t so much suggesting photography as demanding it. He tramped up the hillside above the camp and started shooting.

But it was almost too easy. The mountains were throwing themselves at his lens, and he barely had to think, so his mind kept drifting back to Meagan. It’s either that or you can’t keep your mind off her, boy.

They hadn’t been apart for so long in years. They’d done the long-distance thing during his senior year, and of course during that first summer, so it was an old familiar problem. It had even been a nice change of pace for a couple of days. But he’d woken up in the tent that morning before dawn and wondered where she’d gone—forgetting that she’d never been there. And then he’d remembered. And then he’d debated packing up the tent and driving for Camp Bristow then and there. He’d checked the time, decided 5:15am was too early, decided to go back to sleep and head out at a more reasonable hour, like maybe 7 or 8.

He made it as far as 5:37, and was on the road by 6:03.

Since he’d left so damn early and had made good time, he shouldn’t have been disappointed that Meagan wasn’t simply there waiting for him. But of course she wasn’t, and of course he was, and Julia had noticed and started apologizing, and that was why he was up on the hillside trying and failing to lose himself in shadow and line and color and angle.

Maybe if I switched film…?

I think I’m still gonna miss her in black and white.

But it would look dramatic as heck, so he switched anyway. The contours and lines of the New Mexican mountains should pop right out, but of course he couldn’t tell if the shot had come out right.

Kinda like not knowing how a relationship will turn out. But you gotta take the shot anyway.

He felt hungry. He’d had breakfast, though, and it took him a moment to realize that this was just another sign of missing Meagan. He wanted her so bad that it was starting to come through in physical symptoms. He was sneaking glances at the camp between every few shots to see if she was back yet, as if he’d even be able to tell from this distance.

He wondered about taking black-and-white photos of wildflowers, and squatted down to do a few of those just to see what would happen, and to keep his eye on his work and instead of the camp. That occupied him for a while, and when he looked up, Meagan was running straight for him. He had just enough time to get to his feet and get the camera around and shorten the shutter speed and snap one off before she tackled him.

Holy shit, I hope I got that one, he thought, and then he couldn’t think of anything else but her.

“Missed you,” she whispered in his ear when the kiss broke.

“Love you,” he whispered back.

A few minutes later, in another breath break, he said, “So I know we’re not supposed to have perfect moments…”

“I’ll allow it,” she said. “Just this once.”

The picture, when he developed it, had a lot of technical problems; he would have to crop it to get the angle and framing straight. And it hadn’t been ideal film for an action shot, though at least he’d sped it up; with the exposure time he’d been using on the flowers, it would have been hopelessly muddled.

But he’d caught her in midstride, and with a look on her face that he’d savor forever. Not an adoring or loving look—she’d been looking where to put her feet, not looking at him. But of course she’d been looking intently. Which meant she wanted to get as close as she could as quick as she could, and that meant everything.

Years later, he hung a print of the picture in the front hall where he could see it every day.

Spring

“I’m sorry, love, I wanted to do more for your birthday, but I’m exhausted.”

“I understand. Rain check until next weekend?”

“For full scale fuckin’? I hope so. But for tonight, though, if you want to get the pictures out, I’ll remember with you.”

“You’re sure.”

“Sex ain’t optional. We’ve been over this. Even if it has to be a little minimal tonight.”

“Hand job?”

“Mmm, why don’t you get yourself started, and I’ll finish you?”

“I’ll take it.”

He spread the photos out—a mixture now of the old Polaroids and the more recent prints.

“Now to see which one holds his attention the longest,” she murmured.

“I really do like this one of you and the tree…”

“It does help me to hold when I put something between my legs. Just never thought it would be an entire tree trunk.”

“And I really like this one from our first photoshoot ever.”

“I remember that night. You kept me waiting for ages. My god was I bursting.” She picked up another picture from that photoshoot—a little less revealing, more artsy. “And my god was I young.”

“You haven’t changed a bit.”

“Liar. You’ve seen the lines around my eyes.”

“Those are from smiling so much. I count those as a gain.”

“I wish they were. Too much stress, lover. Too much stress.”

“Want a back rub?”

“Maybe later. You’re in the middle of something.”

“This one from the New Year’s blackout is super-hot.”

“Let me see… mm. Dramatic as fuck with that lighting. And those crossed legs. I see the appeal.”

“But my favorite is this one.”

“Was I holding it in that shot?”

“No, you’d already peed.”

“I thought I looked more relaxed… so why is it your favorite?”

“Because of how incredible you look. And your attitude. That over-the-shoulder look—and the hat, of course, absolutely is the cherry on top. You are so gorgeous. That day, in that picture, you show how much you know it. The beauty inside and the beauty outside match up.”

She placed a hand on his hand on his hard-on, stopping his stroking. “Say that again,” she said.

“The beauty inside and the beauty outside?”

She took a quick breath. “If you want to come in me, and you’re willing to be on top, and you say things like that while you’re doing it, you’re welcome to fuck me.”

“If you’re too tired…”

“Oh, you’d do all the moving.”

“But then you’d have to go clean up. And you look pretty cozy as is.”

She shrugged. “Up to you.”

“Let’s stick with the deal tonight,” he said, “and fuck like bunnies next time we can.”

“Then keep going, lover. And I’ll swallow.”

Fall

“So I just want you to know… I gotta pee.”

“Again?”

“Mmmmhmmmm. Just think about that for a bit, huh?” Her hand stroked him slowly.

“Dear god, woman, we’ve had sex seven times in the last five days. I honestly don’t know if I’ve got any cum left in my balls. I know we’re trying, but right now any sperm you’d get out of me would be the sludge at the bottom. Not the best for baby-making.”

She shrugged. “You’re so high-quality, Parker, that I’ll take your reject sperm any day.”

“I’m just pretty tired.”

“I gotta pee bad.”

“No way you do.”

“I had black tea earlier.”

“Is that so?”

“I may just have to cross my legs a bit…”

“You’re just saying that.”

“Make me wait, then.”

“I think I’ll have to. I’m sorry, love, I really am, but at this rate I’ll have nothing left by handfasting time. You’re draining me dry. You’ve been on fire for days, though…”

“It’s the control.”

“Oh, of course! I didn’t even think. Making me cum a lot is just as much fun as making me wait, isn’t it?”

“Can be.” She sighed and let his limp penis drop out of her hand. “Fuck, I was sure I could get you up again. And now I’m stuck needing to pee.”

“You seriously gotta go?”

“I don’t lie about peeing, Parker. Not to you. Not ever.”

“Can you hold it an hour?”

“Of course.”

“Then keep holding. I bet I’ll be up by then.”

As it was, it only took another fifteen minutes and some leg-crossing.

But she did have to be on top.

Spring

“I’m so sorry about this delay, folks,” the receptionist said. “And I know you’re uncomfortable, Ms. McAllister, but please, if you can just wait a little longer…”

“Not a problem,” Meagan said confidently. “Not yet, anyway.”

“Wait, weren’t you the one…?”

“Excuse me?”

“Right!” the receptionist said. “Usually most of our clients go straight to the bathroom after an ultrasound, but you actually went home. That stood out in my memory.”

Meagan shrugged. “Didn’t need to use it just then.”

Parker squeezed her hand.

“And Mr. McAllister…”

“Daniels, actually.”

“Oh, sorry! Mr. Daniels. You’re so good about coming to these appointments with her!”

“Wouldn’t miss it for the world,” Parker said cheerfully.

After the scan was complete, though, Meagan practically sprinted for the restroom. She squeezed Parker’s hand in apology as they left the office, and then put it into words when they were back in the car.

“I’m sorry, love. I tried, I really tried.”

“The important thing is that we got the scan done, the baby’s healthy, and so are you.”

“But—”

“Nope. There will be none of that.”

Meagan laid a hand on his shoulder. “This is why I love you.”

“What, all of it? Just that one sentence?”

“Yes. Just that one sentence. I can see the future, you see, and so our entire relationship has been built off of that one moment.”

“And you didn’t warn us about…?”

“Don’t run this joke into the ground, lover.”

“I will say, though—if you’re feeling that apologetic, and if you’re not too tired, we could try again.”

“Ooof. I may take you up on that if we hit traffic.”

“That fast?”

“Dude, this kiddo we’ve made is staring down my bladder like a gunslinger and saying, ‘This crotch ain’t big enough for the both of us.’ I can barely make it forty-five minutes, these days.”

“What, are you telling me you’re losing? Has Meagan the Mighty met her match?”

“Oh, you fuckin’ went there? Just for that, I’m holding it until after dinner.”

As it was, though, they did hit traffic…

Winter

Parker woke up to realize Meagan was no longer in bed, and the baby was no longer screaming. He gradually became aware that there was a light on in the living room. He got up and padded quietly out to where Meagan was reading while nursing their child.

I can’t believe we made her.

Meagan was, unusually, not wearing a shirt or a robe, but just sitting topless on the couch as the baby nursed. Parker, standing in the doorway looking at his partner, felt an odd stirring. He realized that he recognized it. When he’d woken up a touch more, he realized that he was turned on.

Meagan glanced up. “Sorry,” she said. “Didn’t mean to wake you.”

“It’s fine,” he said, and came over to sit cross-legged on the couch, watching.

“What’s up?” Meagan asked.

“Is it weird that I find this kinda sexy?”

She put her book down. “The breastfeeding, or just the breasts?”

He thought about it. “You know, I’m actually not sure.”

“I did think you got a little hot and bothered when I told you about feeling so full of milk and needing to nurse her. A little similar to something else, huh?”

“Yeah,” he said, “…and then I felt really weird about it.”

“That’s quite normal,” Meagan said. “I read up on how having a kid affects relationships. I could give you a whole lecture. But the basics are that new fathers often feel like the mothers of their children have moved out of the ‘sexy’ box in their heads, and into the ‘nurturing’ box.”

“Well, you’ve always nurtured me, and that’s never stopped me from finding you sexy,” Parker said. “As to the rest… uh, you’re definitely in the ‘sexy’ box right now.”

“Well, she’ll be asleep in a few minutes. And I still won’t be wearing a shirt.”

“We should be asleep too. We’ve got work in the morning.”

She laid a hand on his knee. “You sure? Because I also need to pee. I can’t yet, of course, because I want her to fall asleep first. And so I’ve been holding it since I woke up.”

“Well, when you put it that way…”

She moved her hand to the crotch of his sweatpants. “There we go.”

“Mmm. How about you?”

She smiled. “I’m tired and worried, and I feel extremely unsexy.” She paused. “Correction. I felt extremely unsexy until a minute ago. And one of the things that was worrying me was us. We haven’t had nearly enough sex since she was born.”

“We’ve been tired. And busy.”

“Yeah—but.” She fondled him through the pants. “Take a worry off my mind, handsome. Make love with me.”

“Before or after you pee?”

“Definitely before,” she said immediately.

“Sold.”

“Still gotta wait for this one to go down.”

They sat, touching each other lightly and quietly, watching their child, waiting.

Summer

“Rest stop coming up,” Parker said quietly. “Need it?”

“How long until the next one?” Meagan whispered back.

“47 miles, the sign said.”

“I can hold it that long.”

“We can totally stop—”

“Well, the kiddo’s asleep. I don’t want to wake her.”

“True.”

“Besides. I said I could hold it. And I said it for your benefit.”

Parker took his eyes off the road to send her a half-smoldering, half-incredulous glance. “You’re serious.”

She shrugged. “Like I said: the kiddo’s asleep.”

“How do you want to play this out, though?”

“Memorize it for later, I think.”

Three miles past the rest stop, however, the kiddo woke up and complained that she needed to use the bathroom. Told that there would be another one in a bit over half an hour, she reported she couldn’t wait that long. So Parker took the next offramp, turned around, and headed back to the rest stop they just passed. Meagan took the offspring off to the restroom, Parker grabbed the chance himself, and when the family reunited by the car, the parents exchanged a look that said a lot.

Sorry, love.

Don’t be. There will be other times.

That’s a promise.

Spring

The girlchild was confused. She’d learned (somewhere… how did seven-year-olds pick this stuff up?) that parents had something called anny-verse-rees, which was like a birthday because it happened every year. But she also knew that it wasn’t handfasting—that happened in fall. So what was it anniversary for?

“It’s the anniversary of when your daddy and I became a couple,” Meagan answered, modeling the correct grammar in passing.

The girlchild wondered if it was when they started loving each other.

“That’s about right,” Parker said, grinning.

This satisfied the girlchild, except that she wanted to know why mommy and daddy were leaving her with grandfa and granmama.

“Because we like some private time now and then,” Parker said. “So we can oversleep.”

Meagan had to bite her knuckle to keep from laughing—which would just have raised more questions…

Fall

“So much we can do.”

“So much that we’ve done.”

“And we’re together. We’ve made our mistakes, but we’re together.”

“It’s a beautiful thing.”

“Always has been, even in the sadness and the rage.”

“True.”

“Another year…”

“At least one more. At the very least.”

“Love you so much.”

“Just like I love you.”

###

And there you have it, folks. This is the end.

Of course, I've said that before, when I announced that book three was the end, because I'd wrung the college-kid setup dry, and because I wanted to end well before the quality dropped off. But even as I posted the last chapter of "Housemates" I was thinking: Well, how would I do a "season 4"? And then that flipped around in my head to become "Four Seasons," and I decided a limited-run series, one chapter per season, would be interesting. And then I thought of how I wanted "Summertime, and the Peein's Easy" to end, and after that I had to write it and put these two kids we love through the wringer again. I needed some source of tension, and I'd never used the kink itself as the conflict in a Meagan & Parker story, so I decided to experiment.

And having put them through the wringer, I decided I had to show them working out the problems in their relationship and making a real commitment to each other. Which then allowed me to spin out more and more seasons in this last segment, showing that it worked.

But I gotta say, while I am so delighted with this story I've told over the years, I still think "Housemates" is the best part. So my fears about diminishing returns were true. I need to wrap this saga up for good. I definitely won't say "no Meagan and Parker ever again." But I will say any future stories will be one-shots, squeezed in here and there between the chapters we already have, and they'd have to be particularly high-quality ideas for stories or scenarios, not just "Oh, I want to see Meagan desperate again."

(Plus I really do need to start writing more non-omo stories!)

Thank you, all of you who have followed this story through. Thank you for the love you have for Meagan and Parker as characters, not just porn. Thank you for the encouragement and the feedback. It's been a delight to tell these tales for you, and I feel lucky that I've been able to see them through to the end.

Take care, everyone.

*014*2023-10-23 03:29

{{On 10/21/2023 at 11:03 AM, warham1995 said:

I think its funny that instead of giving the little tyke a name you called her a girl child

}}

Yeah, that was kind of a last-minute decision, I suddenly thought that Meagan would be the kind of mom to not post her kid all over social media, and then I just extended that to no name and no dialogue.

{{On 10/22/2023 at 2:58 AM, ola93 said:

('though I must admit you almost made me cry too at some points).

}}

Ooooh, mission accomplished! But when...? Now I'm curious what made you tear up.

{{On 10/22/2023 at 2:58 AM, ola93 said:

Now this little bit here stings a little more. I really do hope we'll get to read more from you some day, whether it's about Megan and Parker, their friend, their daughter, Bree and Tam, or whomever it may be.

}}

Definitely not daughter, that would be weird. Maybe Bree or Zephyr. But I really do need to write non-omo stuff if I'm ever gonna have a non-omo writing career!

*018*2023-10-25 03:27

{{On 10/22/2023 at 8:36 PM, warham1995 said:

Speaking of zephyr, are we going to get more of pi pi sigma after you are done writing non-omo stories?

}}

I'm never gonna be "done" with non-omo fiction. On the other hand, I can guarantee that at some point in my life I will be feeling both creative and horny... and when that day comes, PI Sigma Sigma is next on my omo list.

{{On 10/23/2023 at 8:52 AM, Flush said:

It’s so satisfying that I’m not even mad that it ended, and that you should never start Meagan and Parker again.

Although there has been a lot of amazing omorashi fiction on the internet over the last 20 years… This is something that has never been done before. This is not an omorashi story, this is great literature.

}}

Wow. High praise. Thanks, @Flush

! And I gotta admit, I'm pretty proud of this saga I wrote, and proud of breaking the mold of omo stories. There have been other "meet cute/fall in love" stories ("Do You Have Anything to Confess?" comes to mind) but I did try to make this story more than just the porn and more than just the romance.

*022*2023-10-30 01:09

{{On 10/27/2023 at 3:16 PM, Ranpalan said:

Weasel, it's always a pleasure to read your stuff; I feel I might be missing out by not getting to see your non-omo stories 🙂 Thank you for making this little gem for us, and for what it's worth, this last part was different enough from the earlier installments that I'm glad you wrote it. We need more people writing about healthy (or at least, believably healthy...) omo relationships instead of just wish fulfillment. Maybe I'll re-read it all and see whether I agree with your evaluation about which part is best. (You don't plan to release the whole thing as a handy PDF, by any chance?)

}}

Thank you! Yes, I was definitely trying to model good relationships. And yes, I do plan on releasing a PDF at some point.

{{On 10/27/2023 at 7:02 PM, Foolishthree said:

Why yes, I do go to my preferred porn fetish site to read a very wholesome story about two kids learning to get past codependency and build a healthy and mutually respectful relationship.

And come back later to read it again because it's the best thing I've read this week.

}}

Glad to oblige. And thanks for the kind words.

