Jenny series: Grocery Shopping

Author: Wet19

*000*2018-04-27 21:07

It was a Friday. Megan got off work early on Fridays and Jenny only had one class in the early afternoon. They planned to go shopping after picking up Katy from school, so when Megan got off work, she swung by home to pick up Jenny, then they went down the street to pick up Katy from school. On the way to Walmart, Megan asked Katy about her school day and they talked about the perils of fourth grade math along with Katy's high score on her recent spelling test. They mosied through the store filling their cart with the various food they would eat throughout the next week or so, then they made their way to the checkout at the front. Katy's bladder was full and she peered bashfully at the restrooms sign not too far from the checkout stand, but said nothing.

The three girls crossed the crosswalk just outside the doors and headed down the aisle toward Megan's car. Just before they reached the car, Katy spoke up.

"Mom, I have to pee." she said.

"We were just in the store, you could have gone in the..." Megan trailed off as a realization hit her.

"...you waited until we were all the way out here in hopes that I would tell you to pee your pants, huh?" Megan added. Surprised, Katy remained silent. A guilty look that confirmed her mother's suspicion washed over Katy's face. Megan looked away and struggled for a second to hide a smile as she was impressed by her 9 year old daughter's cunningness. She remained silent for a moment as she flip flopped between weighing the consequences of allowing herself to be manipulated like this versus teaching her daughter that was not ok. She finally settled and simply said "No" as she pushed the trunk button on her key fob. The three girls loaded the grocery bags into the trunk. Katy squirmed slightly but tried to hide it. She became concerned that she might not be able to hold it all the way home and considered asking if she could run inside to the restroom, but was too embarrassed to say anything now.

As Megan started the engine to the car, she explained herself to her daughter:

"Katy, what are the three rules?" she asked.

"Number one is I can do it at home as much as I want as long as no one else is there, number two is I can only do it other places if you say it's ok, and number three is I always have to clean up after myself." Katy answered in a solemn tone.

"That's right. If you had just asked me if you could pee your pants I would've said yes, even if you had asked me in the store, but you tried to trick me, didn't you?" Megan said.

"Yes." Katy admitted.

"Now be straight forward and ask me." Megan said. Katy was silent, slightly confused. Megan added "Or you can hold it until we get home."

"Mom...um...can I pee my pants?" Katy asked sheepishly.

"Yeah, go ahead." Megan answered. The car was silent for a few minutes. Katy held it in teenager-like rebellion, but soon gave up and peed her pants in the back seat.

When they got home and parked in the garage, Katy discovered that Megan has also peed her pants in the car. The whole backside of Megan's shorts was soaked and a puddle of urine was pooled in the leather driver's bucket seat. Similarly, the back side of Katy's jeans down to just above her knees was soaked and a pool of pee was left on the backseat.

"Well now I feel left out!" Jenny said as they met at the trunk to carry in the grocery sacks. Jenny took a step back from the car started peeing in her shorts as Megan and Katy walked by carrying bags toward the door to the house. Jenny was well practiced in peeing her pants, she had been doing it since her mid-teens, and had no problem wetting while walking. With warm urine still streaming down both legs, she picked up the last of the bags from the trunk, closed the lid, and left a prominent trail across the concrete floor of the garage into the house. Inside the kitchen, she stood for a moment to finish peeing before helping to put away the groceries.

"Feel better?" Katy asked, her spirits renewed now that they all had wet pants.

"Sure do!" Jenny said with a smile.

After the groceries were put away, Megan and Katy each took a towel to the garage to clean up their messes in the car. After that, Katy sat at the kitchen table, still wearing her wet jeans, to get her homework done before going to play with her friends. Jenny and Megan watched TV in the living room, both still wearing their wet shorts.

