Lindas story continues

Author: wettingplay

*000*2011-05-02 04:17

It had been almost a week since Linda moved to Uni, and things where going great. Despite the fact that this was her first time living away from home, and without her Mummy, she had eaten 3 square meals a day, located her local bank, post office and supermarket, and, best of all, no accidents (apart from one bed wetting which was mainly due to alcohol). She was very proud of herself for learning to be independent so quickly. It was a Saturday morning, and Linda was going to go to the supermarket to buy her weekly groceries. Linda had been awoken by warm sunlight flooding into her room. It was a beautiful day and she took a moment to bask in the sunlight before getting up to relieve her bladder.

Linda stood up out of bed and positioned herself in front of her wardrobe mirror. She had worn white cotton panties and a loose light blue T-shirt to bed. She quickly slipped on a bath robe and headed towards the toilet. To her delight, no one was using the bathroom so she sat on the toilet and began to empty herself. Just ten seconds into peeing she became horrified at the realisation of what was really happening.

Linda suddenly awoke and immediately clamped her legs together and dug her hand into her crotch. A very slow stream of pee was coming out, and she desperately tried to stop it.

"Please no. Not again. Please" she despairingly whispered to herself.

As she struggled to stop the slow trickle leaking out of her she realised that she wasn't sitting in a puddle of her own making.

"I must have woken just as it started, there's still time" she thought to herself hopefully.

Linda jumped up out of bed and headed straight for the toilet. She was squeezing her pee hole so hard it hurt her fingers. Taking baby steps she made her way towards the bathroom. Every step caused the flow to increase to a torrent for a split second as her legs were required to separate slightly for her to walk. Linda's bladder had given up. The only thing stopping the pee was her clamping down furiously with her fingers. Lone drops of pee were running down the inside of her thighs and her pants were slowly getting wetter and wetter. She took her free hand and reached for the doorknob.

Locked! "Shit" Linda whispered out loud. She could hear the shower and realised that a flatmate must have been using it.

"Who is it" a soft female voice asked from inside the bathroom. It was Alison, one of Linda's flatmates.

Linda couldn't answer. She was frozen in place holding on for dear life. She couldn't help but let out gasps and little squeals as she tried to hang on. The slow trickle kept on coming, soaking through her panties, and running down her legs.

"I won't be a second" Alison called from inside, turning off the shower. "I've just got to put my towel on".

The bathroom door opened and what Alison saw caused her to pause in shock for a moment. Linda was bent over, right hand squeezing her groin ferociously, and her left hand was leaning on her knee for support. Her face was bright red and she was getting watery eyed. A solitary tear had run down her right cheek and she was clenching her teeth. The t-shirt was very loose and Alison cold see Linda's perky little breasts down her top. Alison snapped out of her shocked state and quickly moved out of Linda's way.

"I'm really sorry. I didn't realise you needed to go" Alison said apologetically.

Linda jumped on the toilet, and as soon as she started taking her pants off the pee came full force, flooding them as they came off. Linda sat on the toilet, her pee splashing in the bowl, and examined her pants. They were soaked. She might as well have not taken them off at all. She took some toilet tissue and started drying her legs from where the pee had been running down. Then the embarrassment started to hit her.

"Oh God, my house mate for the next year just saw me wet myself"

"She's probably going to tell everyone"

"Even if she doesn't everyone will see me in my wet pants when I leave the toilet"

"And I've dripped my wee all over the hallway"

At this stage Linda thought about her Mummy and wished she was there to take care of her.

When Linda stopped peeing she decided to run back to her room. She couldn't bare facing the others, and thought that as a temporary solution she would change and do her shopping. At least that would postpone the inevitable for a bit. Outside the toilet she noticed that her pee had been mopped up. She ran to her room and took off her wet pants, dropping them to the floor. Glancing at her bed, there was a small wet patch, no bigger than an apple. Linda headed to her bedside table and picked up some wet wipes. She used these to clean herself up a bit, then took off her night t-shirt, throwing it on the floor. She went to her wardrobe and picked out her favourite pink tracksuit. It didn't look very nice, failing to highlight her figure and making her appear a bit chubby, but it was comfortable and that was all Linda cared about at that moment. She took out the tracksuit and hung it on her door, then headed to her chest of draws to get some underwear.

Linda was putting on a clean pair of pants when there was a knock at her door.

"Linda, are you OK?" Alison's concerned voice inquired, "I'm really sorry. Can I come in?"

Linda was horrified. The last thing she wanted was to face the person she had just wet herself in front of.

"One second" Linda called sheepishly, quickly putting on her cloths.

She opened the door and let Alison in.

As Alison entered the room she scanned her surroundings. Linda's wet pants where on the floor directly in front of her. She looked to the left at Linda's bed and saw the wet spot, then turned right to face Linda.

"I'm so sorry. I didn't realise you needed to wee so badly." Her face was covered in guilt, and Linda could tell that Alison was genuinely upset about what had happened. This made Linda a bit happier, but the flood of emotion caused her eyes to start clouding over.

"I'm a big girl now. I've got to be brave" Linda thought to herself fighting back her tears.

"It's OK. I'm sorry." Linda just about managed to push the words past her lips.

After a long silence Alison bent over and picked up Linda's wet pants.

"I'll wash your things for you" she exclaimed, now heading to the bed to get the wet sheets.

"No you don't have to do that" Linda replied

"I insist. It was my fault for taking so long. I'm SO sorry about this". Alison bundled up the bedsheets and pants and headed for the door. She turned to Linda and said;

"Next time you need a wee and I'm in there just knock and I'll let you in straight away, OK!?"

As Alison was leaving the room she turned to Linda one last time and said;

"I'm so sorry. At least you go there before wetting yourself eh."

Linda smiled.

Linda was very happy about that last statement. She hadn't wet herself. She had an emergency, nearly wet herself, leaked in her pants a bit, but in the end she held on until she reached the toilet, just like a grown up. With this happy thought in her mind, Linda got her stuff together and headed for the supermarket.

*004*2011-05-03 00:06

{{: 

While we are waiting on wet note, I'm glad there are writers like you out there to make the wait less Birmingham. Keep up the work! Oh and could you add more details about her peeing? Like color, scent, did it tint anything it touched. Just a idea to help out

}}

Cheerz, I'm always interested to hear suggestions, and will try and incorporate your ideas in the next chapter. I'm really just making this up as I go along so give me a few days to think where Linda can go from here. If you got any ideas just let me know.

