London Underground

Author: Wet5722

*000*2012-09-23 18:20

Hi, here's another story, hope you like :)

London Underground

One of the most fascinating things about London, and speaking not as someone born and bred there, but someone who has gravitated to the city in search of lucrative employment, is travelling on the Underground. Not as your day to day commute, but taking a leisurely trip late in the evening, taking to your time to observe the myriad of people riding the Tube.

It was during one of these late night excursions that I had my first wetting experience whilst riding the trains. I had boarded the Northern line at Kings Cross bound for Edgware and had settled down to my usual evening of people watching. After a while, however, I realised I'd drunk a fair amount of water, and needed to let it out fairly soon.

I hadn't planned to wet myself that evening, and hence wasn't really prepared. I still had my work clothes on, a smart blue skirt suit which I knew from previous experience would stain very dark, and it would be obvious what I had done. As time passed, I became more aware of my need to pee, and my mood became more reckless. I was alone in my part of the carriage anyway, so my courage mounted up.

The urgency was growing, and I squeezed my thighs together to help contain it. I found that shifting from side to side in my seat helped a bit as well. Another stop had passed when I decided it was time.

I slowly relaxed and let a tiny squirt of pee out into my panties. It was quickly absorbed by the cotton material and didn't feel like it got to my skirt. The gentle warm feeling in my crotch, however, made me want to do more. I looked around the carriage, but it was still empty. I was worried about what might happen if someone got on at the next stop, but put the thought to the back of my mind.

I waited as long as I could, but eventually the pressure became too great. With a sigh I let go and started to pee forcefully into my panties. A rush of warmth, spreading around my crotch and running down between my legs, accompanied the hissing noise coming from under my skirt. There was nothing to see at this point, although I felt like I was sitting in a little puddle of pee, of course none showed on the front of my skirt, and it hadn't flowed over the edge of the seat as yet.

Not wanting to make it too obvious, I'd quickly stemmed my flow of pee and tried to see how much would be visible. My panties were very wet and I was certain that there would be a tell tale stain on back of my skirt. It was too late, however. It was very easy to see, even from a distance (or so I thought) that I had wet myself. Even the seat I was sitting on was soaking by this time as well.

I still had plenty of pee left, and needed to go. I decided that I may as well make the most of it as my skirt was already wet. My already sodden panties filled with warmth again and this time I didn't hold back. I could feel the puddle growing between my legs, creeping towards the edge of the seat, until it started to run over, down my legs and splashing onto the floor. It felt very nice, and very naughty.

Eventually my bladder was empty, and I lay back in my seat with a contented smile. I thought I had better try and see how the back of my skirt looked, so I stood up, causing suddenly letting all the pee that had pooled in my skirt splash on the floor. As best I could, I looked behind me. The back of my skirt was obviously completely soaked, the material was a good few shades darker from the zip to the hem.

I was wondering what I would do when the train pulled into Golders Green. Only one passenger boarded the train, a woman, several years older than me. Despite my mental effort at willing her to sit elsewhere in the carriage, She sat down almost opposite me. As the doors slid shut and the train moved off again, she looked at me with a quizzical expression on her face.

'Had an accident?' she enquired.

'Ummm, yeah.' I replied. There didn't really seem to be any point in denying it.

'Was it an accident?' she asked, this time with a smile.

After a few moments thought, I eventually shrugged and said 'Well, no, actually' with a nervous laugh.

That seemed to break the ice. She introduced himself as Jenny, and explained that she too had a penchant for wetting herself, especially in public places. She had in fact been planning to wet herself on that very train, and hence had a very full bladder. I wasn't surprised when I was invited to watch.

Jenny was wearing a dark grey shift dress under her long coat. She took off the coat, and made herself comfortable on the seat, whilst I looked on expectantly. She lifted the hem of her dress a little, and sat with her legs slightly apart. I could see her red panties. After a few seconds she gave a small sigh and had that contented looking smile that I had just a few minutes ago.

A small dark spot appeared between her legs and quickly grew. The rumble of the train disguised any noises I might have heard, but I could quite clearly see the red satin material of her panties and the back of her dress start glistening with wetness. I could also see a small puddle collecting on the seat between her legs. The puddle slowly crept forwards towards the edge of the seat, and eventually began to trickle down the front, creating little rivulets on the floor.

All too soon it was over. Jenny got up and turned around so I could see her dress. There was a dark semi-circular stain, the occasional drip fell from the hem to the floor.

“ I think we'd better get off at the next stop” said Jenny, and I agreed. We went our opposite ways, but not before exchanging phone numbers. We just may do that again sometime.

