The Tale: The Viper’s Wrath of Heather Hill

Author: wether

*000*2025-04-29 16:20

Here is the legend of the brave women of Heather Hill, who defended their settlement by urinating on the attacking enemies. Thanks to a brew made from a rare herb, consumed the previous evening, their urine gained extraordinary properties...

Early Middle Ages, year 832. Nestled among heather-covered hills in the heart of a vast forest stood the settlement of Heather Hill. Its palisades, crafted from oak logs and reinforced with stones, had trembled for a week under the relentless assaults of the Iron Wolves–a horde of warriors whose names were whispered with dread. Each day they charged with roars, and though the settlers repelled them, the cost was steep. Warriors fell, their bodies piling beneath the walls, while stocks of arrows and spears dwindled like snow in the sun. Jarl Einar, the leader with a face scarred by battle, gazed at his people with a heart heavy as lead. The next assault could be their last.

In the evening, in a smoke-filled hall lit by flickering torches, Einar gathered his war council. Silence choked the air like a noose. Bjorn, the blacksmith, his arm still bleeding, growled:

– Tomorrow they’ll crush us. We don’t have enough men to hold them back.

From the shadows, where only silence had lingered, stepped Astrid, the grey-braided healer with eyes blazing like a wolf’s.

– We have a weapon you’ve dared not use – she said, her voice, though soft, cutting like a blade. – Us, the women. And the viper’s root.

The men froze, their gazes wavering between disbelief and desperation. Astrid pressed on, her words falling like stones into a well: a brew made from viper’s root, drunk tonight, would turn the women’s urine into a venom that would melt the enemy’s armor and transform the mud beneath the palisade into a treacherous quagmire.

– If you trust us, we’ll save this settlement – she added. – But you must yield the field to us.

Einar, his hope fading like embers in a hearth, nodded.

– So be it. Astrid, do what you must.

Gathering the Viper’s Root

The viper’s root was a secret of the forest, known only to the eldest healers. It grew in dark, marshy hollows where bogs whispered of death, and the earth was black as pitch. Its serpentine roots, thick and gnarled, burrowed deep, while slender stems with lance-like leaves and purple flowers gave off a metallic scent at dusk, luring only those who knew its power. Astrid had gathered the roots days before, sensing the settlement’s fate hung by a thread.

The gathering was a ritual, almost sacred. At twilight, as the world drowned in grey, Astrid ventured into the forest with Runa and Sigrid, her apprentices. She carried a wolf’s fang amulet to ward off vipers and leather gloves, for the root’s sap could burn skin. Each woman bore a small iron spade, blessed by the priest, and a basket lined with moss. Before beginning, Astrid knelt, whispering a prayer to the forest spirits:

– Grant us strength to save our home.

She located the plants by the scent of their flowers, carefully brushing aside leaves to check if the root was ripe–its grey-brown skin had to be cracked, like a snake’s scales. Digging was a battle with the earth. Astrid circled the plant, exposing its coils, then pulled it free, murmuring thanks to appease the spirits. A single misstep could snap the root, robbing it of its potency. The gathered roots were wrapped in damp leaves and carried to the settlement, where they were washed in icy water and dried for three days in a shaded shed before being sliced thin.

Now, on the eve of battle, Astrid boiled the roots in clay pots. The air in the hall grew thick with a bitter, choking scent, and the brew simmered like blood in veins.

Preparing and Drinking the Brew

That night, the women of the settlement, from young maidens to weathered matrons, gathered in Astrid’s hall. Before them stood cups of steaming, acrid brew, dark as tar and tasting of poison. Astrid, standing in the circle, raised her cup.

– This is our sacrifice – she said. – Drink, and hold it until morning. Your pain will save Heather Hill.

The women drank, wincing as the brew scorched their throats. Runa, a weaver with fair braids, nearly choked.

– It’s like swamp mud! – she gasped.

Sigrid, fiery-haired and bold, swallowed the last drop, feeling heat spread through her belly.

The brew worked swiftly: it sparked a fever in their guts, a faint euphoria, and a mounting pressure in their bladders. Astrid warned:

– Do not relieve yourselves, though you’ll beg for it. Your urine must be viper’s venom.

As the women dispersed to their homes, their steps were heavy, their faces pale. They knew a night of torment awaited.

Morning Torment

At dawn, the women took their places on the palisade, their long linen dresses fluttering in the chill wind. The viper’s root brew had filled their bladders beyond endurance. Each felt as if a stone weighed in her belly, the urge to urinate a torture. Runa, hands pressed to her abdomen, clutched the folds of her dress, her face twisted in anguish.

– Astrid, I can’t bear it! – she whimpered. – I always relieve myself at dawn, and now… I feel I’ll burst!

– Endure! – Astrid snapped, though her own hands trembled as she pressed them to her stomach. – The horde will come. Don’t waste this gift.

Sigrid, pale as linen, clutched herself between her legs, hiding the gesture beneath her skirt.

– Gods, why do they delay? – she muttered, hopping in place. – One more moment, and I’ll leak like a child!

Other women, from young girls to mothers, writhed in agony. Some knelt, hands pressed to their bellies; others wept softly, fighting the pain. The men on the palisade, seeing their suffering, averted their eyes, and Einar, standing beside Astrid, whispered:

– If this fails, their torment will be for nothing.

Time crawled like eternity, and the women, sweating and trembling, prayed for the attack that would bring relief.

The Attack and Viper’s Wrath

Suddenly, the earth shook with the thud of drums. The Iron Wolves charged with a roar, their armour gleaming in the sun, ladders rising above shields. War cries tore the sky.

– Now! – Astrid’s shout pierced the din.

The women, eyes blazing with fury and relief, surged to the palisade’s edge. They hiked their long dresses and skirts high, squatting with legs spread wide before the horde. The sight of dozens of women, in a stance so brazen and alien to the ways of war, froze the Iron Wolves. Their roars died, their steps faltered, and shields rose in reflex, though they grasped nothing of what they saw. Warriors gaped, stunned; some whispered of sorcery, others stood slack-jawed. Their chieftain, a giant in a wolf’s pelt, bellowed to advance, but his voice drowned in the rising chaos.

Before the horde could recover, the women unleashed torrents of venomous urine. The mud beneath the palisade turned into a slick, treacherous mire, and warriors, scrambling up ladders, crashed into a tangle of limbs and shields. Their armour, struck by the corrosive fluid, smoked and blackened. Iron breastplates split with a crack, bronze helms crumbled to dust, swords rusted in their hands. The stench of scorched flesh and rust choked the air.

Warriors screamed in agony as molten metal seared their skin. One, struck in the face by a stream, howled that “the gods spit fire” and fled, trampling his kin. Others cast down their weapons, believing in a curse; some knelt, begging mercy, certain they faced demons. In the chaos, they crushed one another, their ranks shattering like glass. The chieftain, his helm melting on his head, his breastplate dripping onto his chest, cursed the “witches of Heather Hill” and collapsed into the mud before his men dragged him to retreat.

The men on the palisade, first dumbstruck, joined the fight, hurling stones and arrows at the broken horde. By noon, the Iron Wolves were a shadow of their former might, leaving behind rusted wreckage and pools of mire.

The Legend of Heather Hill

That evening, the settlement blazed with joy. By the fires, Einar raised a horn of mead to the women who saved Heather Hill. Astrid, sipping her drink, said with a bitter smile:

– Let this be a warning: never cross women who carry viper’s wrath within.

The tale of the “viper’s rain” spread through the forest, carried by the Iron Wolves’ survivors, who spoke of witches and Astrid’s eyes burning green with fire. The viper’s root became sacred, and the women of the settlement its guardians. The horde never returned, and Heather Hill earned a name as unconquerable, where even the gods shield their daughters.

The End.

*002*2025-05-03 03:08

{{5 hours ago, Cupido said:

Nice story I personally love storys with a touch of this fantasy stuff.

And besides really like the mystic aspect of the story .

}}

Thank you, I am glad you like it. Who knows, maybe I will write the continuation some day...

