Looking for a story where instead of using a mana pool, magic filled the bladder

Author: Watta Sim

*000*2024-05-26 17:26

I'm looking for an Omo story posted on this site that had a female protagonist use magic to fight off monsters(?) in a fantasy/medieval setting. Instead of a regular mana pool, everytime she used magic, her bladder would fill up. I think it also filled her bowels too?

I think one of the scenes had the protagonist fight off something in some sort of sewers or underground area, with a few other characters. I think she lets one of the characters know how her magic works, since she's desperate but she has to continue fighting.

Please let me know if you find it!

$

$

*003*2024-05-27 15:22

{{9 hours ago, orangelion said:

Was it this one?

$/64307-jalana-in-the-uromancers-lair-part-1/

$/topic/65508-jalana-in-the-uromancers-lair-part-2/

}}

Unfortunately not 😞 thanks for looking though!

*005*2024-05-30 04:53

{{On 5/26/2024 at 5:00 PM, silenceinwords said:

What a cool prompt, figured I'd try something.

By turn seven Mu shifted uncomfortably in her robe, she was bursting already. She knew what was coming, and wasn't sure what the indestructible aura on her sphincter would do with so much liquid, she had never done this before.

Mu, tapped her Underground Sea to add to her pool, her legs were frozen she couldn't move for fear of releasing the flood of liquid in her abdomen.

She quickly tapped the Snow covered Island, and shrieked when the sudden coldness radiated out of her neither region.

She casted an Isochron Scepter imprinted with Dramatic Reversal, her knees were shivering with the anticipation.

I use my Volcanic Island to produce red mana.

Mu, grimaced and used the Isochron Scepter to untap itself and Everflowing Chalice to add a huge wave of fluid into her abdomen. She wasn't sure what the aura was doing but she could feel dampness, and her sphincter burned. The aura was holding tight against her, but the pressure was slipping around the edges and liquid was spraying into her robes.

She repeated the use of the Scepter, three more times, each time she was spurting liquid onto the ground, hoping that Ajani hadn't noticed.

Mu, trembled in her voice and taunted Ajani, "I can use this Fireball and take you out for 9 damage already"

Ajani, was rummaging in his pockets, he was up to something. He called back, "Maybe that's enough, little girl"

Mu's sphincter was burning, she may have protected herself from damage but she could feel her stomach shifting in her body due all the pressure the pain was incredible.

She used the Scepter again and again. She was full force shooting liquid into the ground at this point, it was spraying up and creating a puddle all around her.

This continued for what seemed like minutes, while Ajani was bracing himself.

"Are you peeing' Ajani yelled, and Mu released the largest Fireball she has ever seen in her life from her right hand, while liquid was still cascading out of her and the Scepter still waving wildly in her left hand.

Ajani threw up a healing spell anticipating the fireball. This seemed to work for a second and he was surrounded by a white light, but then the Fireball kept coming and burned through and consumed him.

All the while liquid continued to shoot out of her, and she fell to her knees.

Tamiyo ran up to Mu afterwards and Mu was still breathing heavily while her peeing finally slowed. Mu asked 'how big was that Fireball I just did?'

Tamiyo excitedly replied, 'You defeated him with a 102 damage fireball! You had over 100 mana flowing through you'

Mu, smiled briefly and collapsed onto the drenched floor.

}}

I wasn't expecting someone to create a short story just from me trying to find the original one, but I appreciate it nonetheless!

$

