Jenny wetting at work

Author: Wet19

*000*2017-03-24 20:53

Here's my first fictional story for your enjoyment. I always enjoy deliberate wetting much more than accidents.

Jenny is a 21 year old college student. She go to school during the day and works the closing shift at a large clothing department store in the evening. Her work uniform consisted of black pants, one of a few dozen store approved professional looking tops, and her name tag. It was about halfway through her shift on a Tuesday night. There was a grand total of 3 customers in the large department store. Since Tuesdays were so slow, they typically only had four people working: one girl to work the makeup counter, one to keep and eye on things upstairs, a staff leader to close the tills, and Jenny to keep and eye on the first floor. On Tuesdays, Jenny spends most of her shift restocking racks in the store. About halfway through her shift, she was on the far side of the store with a cart of clothes to be hung on the racks. She had been feeling the urge to pee for about an hour now. She peered over the clothing racks across the store.

The restrooms were all the way at the other side. She felt lazy and didn't want to walk all the way over there and then walk all the way back. She decided she'd go after she finished this cart of clothes and returned to hanging them. In the back of her mind she wanted to pee her pants, but she didn't want to admit that to herself. In truth, Jenny peed her pants almost every night either in the parking lot walking to her car, in her car during the ride home (if she had a seat protector with her. She wasn't fond of the idea of her seat being stained and smelling like pee), or on the hard floor of the apartment she shared with her sister Annie when she got home. Annie had known about Jenny's pee fetish since they were teenagers. Although Annie wasn't into it, she didn't care if Jenny did it as long she cleaned up after herself and didn't ruin the furniture.

After another 20 minutes of hanging clothes, Jenny's urge to pee grew to near desperation. She peered over at the restrooms again and sighed as she reassessed the distance. She still had a lot of clothes to hang and it was still another hour and a half before her shift was over. She looked out the glass doors that were a dozen or so meters to her right. The sky was deep orange as the the sun, though out of her line of sight, hung just below the horizon barely peaking over the hills. She lapsed in concentration and relaxed as she sighed again. She caught herself and squeezed just in time to stop herself from peeing her pants.

She felt a single drop hang for a second and then fall into the gusset of her pink bikini style panties. That's when it hit her. She was wearing black pants and nobody was in the store. Her heart began to beat fast and hard and the tingle of excitement swelled in her abdomen as she imagined releasing her bladder in her pants right there. Her clitoris began to tingle from how naughty the scenario would be. Breathing slightly heavy, she put down the blouse she was about to hang up and looked around. There was a woman browsing in the section across the pathway from where Jenny was working, just over a dozen meters away. Otherwise, nobody else was around. She glanced again at the restrooms and then made the decision: she was going to pee her pants.

She positioned her feet together so that she would get maximum spread and tried to relax. Now, however, she was too excited and couldn't get the flow started. She tried to give a light push, but still wasn't able. Although she probably could push hard and get it going, she wan't it to be more natural and relaxed. She look around again. The lady had taken a shirt off the rack and was examining the front of it, feeling the fabric. Jenny decided to return to hanging clothes to get her mind on something else. She was desperate enough that she knew if she could relax her excitement it would come out naturally, and she would make no attempt whatsoever to stop it.

She hung another 6 blouses. She was more relaxed now, but her mind was still on it and, although her bladder was to the bursting point, she still couldn't relax enough. Her cart was becoming empty. She would have to do it soon or she might not get another chance. She slowed down hanging the blouses and concentrated her thoughts on something else. She thought about her vacation with her sister a month ago, but that didn't help. For Jenny, the highlight of the vacation was when she peed the same pair of shorts three times while she and Annie were playing on the beach and visiting the sea side shops.

She tried thinking about school but her project due next week just made her worrisome. She finally settled her thoughts on video games. Jenny frequently peed her pants while playing video games so she wouldn't have to pause. Thinking about playing her favorite game helped her to finally relax enough and a small trickle began to dribble into her panties. She made no attempt to stop it and her body finally realized that it was ok the pee right then, so it relaxed even more and the trickle turned into a gushing stream.

She glance up at the lady. She had move to a rack closer to Jenny, but was still far enough to not realize what she was doing. Jenny looked down and watched the glistening wetness quickly spread. She listened to the loud hiss as she peed full force in her pants. She bit her lip as she felt the hot urine pool around her clitoris before it rushed down her legs. She was peeing so much and so fast that the glistening spread more than halfway around her thighs and all the way around her calves and ankles. She felt warm urine creeping up the front of her crotch and up the butt of her pants.

Jenny was completely oblivious to this, but the lady had walked toward Jenny to ask her a question about a shirt, however, she realized Jenny was "busy" and decided to leave the store without buying anything instead. Pee filled Jenny's shoes like it did nearly every night. It seeped out the holes on the sides of the shoes, but not quickly enough. The lowtop black shoes overflowed with pee as Jenny's stream tapered off and finally died. She gave a push and got a another spurt out. She gave another push, but this time nothing. She was empty. Jenny stood in pure bliss admiring her pee soaked glistening black pants, her flooded shoes, and the surprisingly large wet spot on the carpet under her.

Suddenly a whirlwind of emotions overcame her. First panic. She looked up at where the lady had been and saw that she was gone. Almost frantically she looked around but could not see her anywhere. She wasn't sure if she should be relieved or not. Next was embarrassment. When she was on the beach in California peeing her shorts, nobody there knew her, especially not anyone she worked with. She swallowed a lump in her throat as she imagined what her boss or coworkers might say. Then she felt angry. Angry with herself. She looked down at the mess she had made. Her pants weren't glistening anymore but they were still obviously soaked. She was angry at herself for not having better self control. Then she took a deep breath and looked at her watch. Less than an hour until the end of her shift, no one would know.

She felt relieved and then extremely horny. She smiled now as she thought about how naughty the situation was. Her clitoris throbbed and, with a quick glance to make sure no one else was around, she pressed a single finger against her crotch between her legs on the outside of her pants. The fabric yielded much pee and it dripped off her finger. She let out a soft involuntary moan and nearly orgasmed right there. Afraid of being anything louder, she forced herself to stop. She wiped her wet finger on a dry spot of her pants and half-heartedly went back to hanging clothes. She stepped, for the first time, from the wet spot on the carpet and stared at it as she pulled the cart to the next rack. As she walked she squeezed her legs together. It wasn't quite as pleasurable as using her fingers, but it gave her great satisfaction anyway.

About 10 minutes later she had finished hanging the clothes from her cart. She looked down at her pants. Although they we still wet all over, it was no longer obvious. As she headed to the back room of the store to return her cart, she doubled back to where she had peed herself. The floor was still soaked. The wet spot had not dried at all. Jenny smiled to herself and continued to the back. She looked at her watch 20 minutes until her shift ended. She couldn't wait to get home and masturbate. She definitely had to do this again!

*003*2017-03-26 03:32

As requested, Jenny and Annie's Vacation:

Jenny and her younger sister Annie had been talking about a beach vacation for ages. Unfortunately, they could never seem to get their schedules to line up since they were both in college and both working. It seemed that whenever they had a break from school, one of them didn't have enough vacation days at work, or they simply could not afford a road trip. Finally, in the spring of this year, the stars aligned and they were able to make it work, although they would only have three days for the whole trip.

From their apartment just a few blocks from the university, it was about a 9 and half hour drive to Los Angeles according to Google maps. Figuring in meal breaks, stopping for gas and potential traffic in metropolitan areas, they figured it would take them just shy of 11 hours total. Annie had a much nicer car than Jenny, so they decided to take Annie's car. Jenny's car was having problems with the air conditioner anyway. As a courtesy to Annie, Jenny decided to use the toilets at each stop, but she wore a diaper anyway.

Jenny didn't pee in her own car because she didn't want the seats to smell like pee, and she certainly didn't want to do that to her sister. During the drive, which turned out to be about 10 and a half hours instead, Jenny only peed her diaper once. Annie never asked if she needed to use the restroom (she assumed Jenny was using her diapers), but Jenny would go into the restroom at every stop and use the toilet to keep from soiling her sister's car. She used her diaper in the last hour of the trip when they got stuck in LA traffic. While Annie squirmed in the driver's seat, Jenny quietly released about a quarter of her bladder in the passenger seat (She was afraid of her diaper leaking on the seat). Jenny got slightly excited that her sister might have an accident in her pants, but they made it to the hotel just in time and she hobbled as fast as she could to the lobby restroom while Jenny checked them in.

Jenny flirted with the cute, blonde behind the counter. She wanted to release the rest of her bladder right there, but was afraid of leakage. She didn't know anyone here, but she was attracted to the slender, blue eyed girl behind the counter. Even though she'd never see this girl again after this trip, she didn't want to embarrass herself in front of her. The name tag pinned just above her beautiful C cup breast next to her luscious cleavage read "Samantha". She had a warm friendly smile and her voice was soothing to Jenny. Jenny stared intently at her ass as she turned around to get the room keys from a cabinet. She was wearing black work pants, much like the ones Jenny wears to work. Jenny tried to imagine Samantha's already amazing ass soaked with pee but her fantasy was interrupted as Samantha turned back around. Jenny blushed, unsure if she had gotten caught or not.

Annie came out of the restroom just as Jenny stepped away from the counter and they walked down the hall to their room. Once they stepped inside their room, they set down the bags they had carried in and Jenny immediately began peeing her diaper. Her sister jumped up and down "We made it! We finally made it! Three years of trying to plan this vacation and we're finally here!" Jenny wanted to join her sister, but was busy filling her diaper, so instead she threw her hands in the air and shouted "Woohoo!"

Annie walked past Jenny and said "Let's go get the rest of the luggage." Jenny turned and took a step toward the door but then stopped. Annie opened the door but then realized Jenny wasn't right behind her. She turned around and saw a dark wet spot on the inside of Jenny's left pant leg. She was wearing light blue jeans and the wet spot was only a few inches long, nonetheless, it was highly noticeable. Annie smiled and said "I'll get the bags, you just...enjoy that..." and she left. Jenny felt bad about leaving her sister to grab the rest of the luggage.

While they both had packed fairly light, Jenny's suitcase had extra shorts, pants, and diapers in it and was slightly larger than Annie's. Jenny looked at the small bag she had carried in. It contained hygiene supplies, a pajama shirt, her phone charger, and her laptop, but no extra jeans or panties. Those were all in her suitcase. She walked over to the window and pulled the curtains to look outside. They couldn't afford a fancy hotel, so the scene was wholly unspectacular. They were on the ground floor. Directly in front of the window was a small bush, then a sidewalk, and a row of cars. The sky was dark orange above the tall buildings surrounding the hotel. It was nearly 9:00pm. She felt naughty and slightly embarrassed as she stood in the window with wet pants and a soaked diaper on. Her clitoris was faintly starting to tingle.

Then the door opened behind her and her sister walked in pulling two wheeled suitcases, one slightly larger than the other. Jenny left the curtains open and walked toward her sister. "Thank you for bringing my case in!" she said blushing with a half smile. Annie replied "Don't mention it!" and handed Jenny her suitcase. Annie walked toward the window and said "I want the side of the bed near the window!" Jenny glanced at the queen sized bed pushed against the wall in the center of the tiny room and then responded "Sure, I'll take the side near the bathroom." Annie gazed at the wet spot on Jenny's jeans and retorted "Not that you'll use it much!" Both girls chuckled. Jenny blushed, stuck out her tongue, and then took some dry panties and pajamas into the bathroom to change.

Annie made Jenny promise to not wet the bed since they were sharing it. Jenny agreed, though she would feel like a horrible person if she did it without first putting down a mattress protector. Even though she liked pee and enjoyed wetting the bed, she didn't like the thought of sleeping on a stranger's pee and so didn't want to put others in that situation. However, when she had to pee before bed and when she got up in the middle of the night to pee, she sat on the toilet without pulling her panties down and peed through them, then she pulled her pajamas up over her wet panties.

The next morning the girls woke up around the same time. After Annie had showered, she came out and used the mirror on the wall for her makeup so Jenny could shower. Jenny stood up from the bed and immediately released her bladder. Warm pee ran down both legs of her pajama pants and left two trails to the restroom on the carpet. Jenny shut and locked the door behind her and stood in front of the mirror to brush her hair. Her socks were soaked and warm pee was pooling around her feet on the cold tile floor. As her stream of pee died she pushed and began pooping her pants. She had held her poop all day yesterday wanting to get here as quickly as possible. It came out easily and her panties became heavy very quickly.

She grunted slightly as she pushed the last bit out. She turned around and admired the large smelly bulge in the mirror. She turned on the shower to muffle her sounds, then she leaned her back against the door and slid her hands into her panties. She was very turned on having just pooped her pants in a hotel room. To make it worse, she had never pooped her pants in front of her sister before. Annie didn't know that Jenny enjoyed that also. Although Jenny hated humiliation, she thought about Annie's reaction if she found out. Jenny was breathing heavy and trying hard to be quiet. Then she thought about Samantha, the hot blonde haired, blue eyed girl that worked at the hotel front counter. She imagined Samantha coming to the room with Jenny and Annie leaving them alone for a bit.

She imagined Samantha peeing her pants over and over again and making out with her in a puddle of pee on the bed. Outside the bathroom Annie, still putting on her makeup, smiled and shook her head. Jenny wasn't doing a very good job of being quiet. Jenny was imagining Samantha's hand was pleasuring her when her orgasm struck. She moaned loudly and uncontrollably and collapsed on the floor. The poop that filled her panties quickly spread in all directions as she landed on her bum. That was the fun part, now she had to clean up.

Nearly an hour later Jenny had finally gotten herself and the bathroom all cleaned up. She came out of the bathroom wearing a light blue bikini that hugged her perfectly shaped butt. Over that she wore some hot denim short shorts and a light pink tank top with the word "PINK" printed on it in silver letters. Her light blue bikini top was faintly visible through the fabric and her C cup cleavage showed nicely over top. She found Annie sitting in the chair near the window. The curtains were closed and her shorts were unbutton and unzipped with her left hand in her panties. Although Jenny couldn't see the screen, she knew Annie was watching porn on her phone.

Without stopping what she was doing, Annie said "Finally!" as Jenny put her dirty clothing into a garbage bag and then packed it back in her suitcase. Jenny smiled and said "Well now I'll be waiting on you!" Annie set her phone down and started to fasten her shorts back up. Annie also had on short shorts, but they were slightly darker than Jenny's. Annie was wearing a blue tank top with a surfboard on it, not see through. Although Annie had smaller boobs than Jenny (B cups), Jenny had always thought that Annie's cleavage looked better than her own. She replied "Nope, I finished when I heard the shower stop." She stood up and said "Are you hungry?" There were still sex noises coming from her phone on the desk. Jenny said "I'm starving! My friend said there is an awesome place on the beach to get breakfast burritos." She pulled her phone out of her tiny pocket and showed Annie the place on Google maps. "Let's go!" said Annie.

The two sexy college girls, both wearing short shorts over their hot asses, walked from the parking area toward the boardwalk. They turned the corner and stopped to eat at the burrito place. They enjoyed their burritos and then set out to walk along the boardwalk checking out the stores. They wanted to go into the ocean, but they were too full for that now. There were dozens of restaurants and shops. There were people out playing music and doing magic tricks. They spent a couple of hours just looking around. Then they decided it was time to enjoy the ocean. They retrieved their towels and umbrella from the car and found their own spot on the beach to set up. It was a fairly secluded spot with some distance from other people.

They had picked that spot on purpose, for Jenny. As Annie began to strip down to her bikini, Jenny stood in the sand by her towel and peed her shorts. She kept her feet together so she could feel it run down her legs. She became slightly turned on again as she felt really naughty peeing her shorts out in the open with a lot of people around. Annie stood in her bikini on the other side of the towels watching the pee trickle down her sister's legs. Although it had no sexual connotation to her, she did find it amusing how her sister enjoyed it so much, and even more so when she was daring about it. Once Jenny had finished, she stripped down to her bikini also and the two girls played in the ocean for a few hours.

Jenny stood in the water next to Annie desperate to pee. They were watching an approaching wave and were going to jump into it. Annie looked at Jenny dancing slightly and joked "You CAN pee in the water you know." Jenny said simply "I know." She wanted to pee her shorts again. She could let go in the water. But that was less fun to her. She had peed in swimming pools before, but it simply wasn't as satisfying as peeing her pants. Annie said "After this wave we'll go lay on the towels and dry off then we'll walk some more. I'm getting tired of playing in the wa-" The wave had arrived and cut Annie off. The girls both jumped and the wave carried them backward and laid them on the beach. They hadn't been very far out, but they enjoyed it anyway. They laughed in the sand and Jenny crossed her legs. Then they got up and went to their towels.

They laid down on their towels to dry off. While Annie was admiring the shirtless guys walking around, Jenny was checking out the bikini clad girls. She kept her legs squeezed together to avoid peeing on her towel. Not that she was against peeing on her towel, she just wanted to save it for her shorts. The girls turned over to dry the back sides of their bikini bottoms. Then they got up and put their shorts on. Immediately Jenny released her bladder. Annie heard the hissing of the Jenny's pee and remarked "Wow! You really had to go!" Jenny simply nodded her head. This time the pee spread a lot on the front and back of her pants before running down her legs. It was obvious she had peed her shorts. Although she was a little embarrassed, she knew nobody here would recognize her. They walked through the stores some more and this time did a little shopping. They bought some souvenirs, some clothes, and Annie bought a new, more revealing bikini for "next time we come to the beach."

They stopped at a beachside restaurant for dinner and got a table near the sand. After the waiter took their order, Jenny started to feel the urge to pee again. She started sipping her water more frequently. After they had paid for their meal and left a tip, Annie asked "Ready to go?" Jenny responded "not yet" as she began to pee her shorts again. The chair was a metal outdoor chair with holes in the seat. Multiple streams of pee trickled out of the bottom of the chair and splattered onto the ground.

Jenny pulled her legs under the chair so that some would splatter on her legs. People walking by looked at her and her face flushed bright red with embarrassment. She immediately regretted this decision but felt it was too late to stop. Annie stared at her with a mixture of embarrassment and amusement. Jenny suddenly felt like crying, even though she had deliberately chosen to humiliate herself this way. She lowered her head and tried to hide her face with her hands but she could still feel the judgmental stares of passersby.

She heard her heartbeat in her ears and felt the thump in her chest. Time seemed to slow down and she felt like she was peeing for eternity. Her stomach twisted in knots as hot pleasure from between her legs competed with embarrassment. Impulses wrestled back and forth in her mind. On one hand, she was already humiliated and wanted to shove a hand in her pants and pleasure herself right there, on the other hand she wanted to cover her face as much as possible with both of her hands. As her stream slowed down to a stop her emotional confusion gave way to anger and she mentally cursed herself for having such a childish fetish. She had the urge hit herself. The last of the pee in the seat dribbled to the ground and she finally looked up. Her face was bright red, her eyes were watery, and she just wanted to be invisible.

Annie smiled and asked softly "Feel better?" Jenny nearly burst at her but simply nodded instead to avoid drawing even more attention to herself. As they stood up, Jenny looked around, afraid of the audience she would see. To her great relief, not one single person was looking at her. Her hot ass was obviously soaked. They walked for a while before Jenny had the courage to go into any more stores. Once the other emotions had faded away, Jenny was wildly turned on yet again. She would have to lock herself in the bathroom once more tonight at the hotel room.

