Splashing in Heels

Author: wetfan

*000*2012-12-31 21:47

Hello all,

I had originally written this for Experience Project but as I've discovered this awesome site I decided to share it here as well.

It's just a piece of fiction I wrote involving my ultimate fantasy; being with a woman who enjoys desperation role-playing (ie: likes to get desperation and then be denied the use of the toilet). I love desperation and wetting (as a result of the former) but to have a kindred spirit to share it with would be out of this world. So this story is about just such a relationship.

###

The pub is surprisingly empty given the time. It's mid-evening on a Friday night and we have our pick of several choice tables. I guide you to a booth in the back and we sit side by side, facing outwards towards the stage, watching the band as they set up. It's an "English" style pub and a couple times a week they have a local band come in to play live music. Usually an East Coast style with plenty of fiddle and every second song being about whiskey or beer (or both). It's a comfortable place you feel happy sitting in, losing oneself in conversation and drink. We come here often.

The waitress comes by with menu's but I turn them down. We've just come from dinner, at a restaurant down the street, and are here for some extended "dessert" instead. We ask for a couple of pints and then pick at the final pieces of a topic we brought in with us, finally laying it to rest and sitting in silence for a moment. Then you turn to me and sheepishly say "I need to pee".

It sounds like a statement but know it's actually a request. This is confirmed by the fact that you haven't excused yourself to the bathroom and are instead looking to me for some type of response. I can see the waitress returning with our order and I hold up a "just a second" finger as she reaches our table. You cross your legs.

After we've been given our drinks I pretend to give some thought to the waitress' question of "is there anything else I can get you?" before letting her leave. The band is doing mic checks and I can feel your eyes on me, even though I'm watching them instead.

"Well?", you ask politely.

"Hmmm?", I reply feigning forgetfulness. "Well what dear?". I relish making you ask again, I love hearing those words.

A group sit down at the booth next to us, and I can see the pub is finally starting to fill up. You give them a quick glance, then sliding in closer and blushing slightly ask again. "I need to go pee". The embarrassment is adorable and only further endears me to you.

"Right!", I say as though I've just remembered your earlier question. "Let me see, what should we do?". I say "we" but we know it's just me who will decide. You've given me total control and I know you won't get up and pee unless I let you, even if that means sitting in a puddle.

I look at the time and think about how much you had with dinner. Some wine, and some water. However it's still early and I'm settling in for the long haul. I love dragging these things out and I don't want it to be over too quickly. I feel like it's been a while since we've been able to hang out, just the two of us, and I genuinely enjoy your company.

"I'd like to stay a while and I'm not sure I'll give you another break later on. Are you sure you want to use your chance now?", I ask. I purposely word things to give you a little hope, with uncertainty, for later in the evening. Your knee is bouncing and you pause only a moment before nodding. I reach over and mark a point halfway down your glass. "Okay dear, you can go once you've finished this much of your drink".

Much to my surprise, you cross your legs the other way and then chug down the required amount. You then get up and smiling coyly, head to the toilet.

There is always a balance when controlling one's bladder, as you try to get things just right. I deny the toilet 90% of the time but to make things more interesting I will occasionally let you go. Besides I know breaking the seal and drinking more pints is going to fill you up fast.

I watch you as you return, weaving in and out of people and tables, admiring the look of your grey skirt, matching blazer and collared white blouse. We've both come from work and you look amazing. As you approach you slip off your blazer and place it on top of my own discarded jacket, on the seat next to us. I can just barely make out your bra through your shirt and it's pleasantly distracting.

The band is in full swing now and after some sporadic attempts to talk over the noise, we settle back to give them our full attention. I have the waitress bring us two more pints as well as some water. My arm is around your waist with my hand on the side of your thigh and as the band starts in on a heartbreaking ditty about a pub with no beer, you rest your head on my shoulder.

By the time of the band takes a break the table is a graveyard of empty glasses. You're crossing your legs again and there is a subtle rocking in your hips. I sense you're going to say something but cut if off. "Man I really have to pee now", I say standing up. "I'll be back in a moment". I see your face fall knowing you'll have to wait on me to return as well as imagining the relief I soon get feel. The suggestion teases you and without the distraction of music you've become very aware of your bladder. As I pass the waitress I ask for some more water.

On the way back to the table I run into a work colleague who joins us. While I'm annoyed by the interruption I also know it means a further delay before you'll ask me about your need. I can feel your movement beside me, knee bouncing and legs tightly crossed. Your hands are in your lap, more for the psychological effect of being close to your crotch as you're not holding yourself. Not in public. Not with my coworker across from you. I reach down and hold one of your hands.

I give it a squeeze; our private system to indicate how excited you're making me. Reflectively you look down at my crotch, before catching yourself and blushing. I doubt anyone even noticed. My coworker is rattling on about office politics and I barely have the mental capacity to add the polite nods and "uh huhs" required when pretending to be interested. All my attention is on you. On how much you've had to drink. On how full your bladder must be. On your subtle but constant movement that tells the trained eye you're desperate. You squeeze my hand several times in return, your own signal that you're bursting.

"Hon, can you scratch my back?", you suddenly say to me. There is a quiet pleading in your eyes. It's the code phrase we've come up with so you can ask permission to pee when in a crowd of people. We designed it to be simple and innocent in nature. The type of thing you can interrupt a conversation for without looking rude and is quickly forgotten by everyone else. If I start at the bottom of your back and scratch upwards, the answer is "yes". If I start at the top of your back and move down, the answer is "no". There is a kinky excitement to being able to so openly "talk" about peeing without anyone actually knowing. I can feel a tight throb in my pants as I reach over and begin scratching downward. Your shoulders seem to shrink with the answer and you squeeze my hand once more. Hard.

Looking at the time I suggest we should be going and my coworker finally leaves to return to his table. I catch the eye of the waitress, indicating I'd like to settle the bill and we get ourselves sorted out. "Oh my god I need to pee so badly" you whisper breathlessly in my ear. "I thought I was going to wet my panties sitting there, can I please go to the toilet?".

"No", I reply. "You can go when we get home".

"I don't think I can wait that long though", you plead. "I'm worried I'm going to pee my pants soon".

"No".

"Please? Oh god you don't understand how bad it is, I'm sure I won't make it. Please?".

I love when you beg. You bounce up and down, knees knocked together. I'm so excited I can hear my heart pounding in my ears and I feel like the entire world must be able to see my bulge. I hold my folded blazer in front of myself to hide it.

"No you can't. Let's get going or I'll make you finish the last of the water here".

The threat of more liquid causes you to cross your legs briefly. "No no, don't do that. Okay lets get going, but we need to hurry, I feel like I'm going to lose it if I just keep standing here".

It's a clear summer night. The coolness in the air is a welcome reprieve from the heat of the day. I let you set the pace and you're walking as quickly as your heels and bladder with allow. Home is about a 20 minute walk, the first part taking us out of the busier town area and then into the quieter residential area. I'm guessing you want to get there as soon as possible so you can hold yourself without anyone being around to see. I can hear you moan and whimper to yourself. During a brief moment of privacy you press into the front of your skirt. I take the same moment to adjust myself, you're sexy squirming is making walking uncomfortable for both of us.

The last business we pass, before moving away from town, is a McDonalds. You stop and look longingly at it. "Please, oh god, please I can go use their toilet? I'm going to leak".

I pull you in close to me, one hand on your back the other on your backside. I press my excitement against you and kiss you deeply. Then I lean in close to your ear and whisper, "No".

Taking your hand I pull you away from the store and I catch a glimpse of your hard nipples through your shirt. As the yellow sign disappears around a corner you whimper, "I'm going to make my own golden arches in a second".

"What?" I respond laughing, "that barely even makes sense".

"I know, I just need to pee so badly I can't think straight. My desperation has super sized since we left that pub".

"Oh groan. We're not going back there you know, you'll just have to hold it until home".

"But I'm McFrantic with a side order of wet panties".

"Now you're not even trying".

We enter a small park, following a path to cut through it. You take advantage of the dark to really press into yourself. You continue holding yourself the whole way though, stopping every so often to get yourself back under control before moving again. I drink in these moments, watching you jiggle and wriggle about. I give myself a squeeze for another reason.

When we leave the park and enter the light of the street lamps again you continue to hold yourself. There is no one on the sidewalk so I know you can get away with it, but it's still a brave thing to do. Anyone could be watching from their windows. Anyone could turn around a corner. But desperate times call for desperate measures and you're fast approaching the point of no return.

We reach the crosswalk of a busy road and it's the first time we've had to wait for lights since leaving town. You stop holding yourself as cars and the occasional person is about but you can't stand still. You're pacing and wiggling. There is no doubt you're bursting. Suddenly you stiffen and I'm sure I hear a hiss. You moan and bend slightly, hands wringing tightly beside you. I look down and see small splash pattern on the sidewalk. It would be easy to miss if you weren't paying attention, but I am paying attention and I see it all. The glisten of drops on your shoes. The thin line snaking down your left leg.

"I leaked" you whisper, facing burning red.

"I'd say", I grin and as the lights change in our favour, I lead you across the road with me. Your hand in mine (your other fixed permanently to your crotch), we rush the remaining few blocks to our apartment building. We move with an urgency fuelled by your bursting bladder and my own mad desire to tear your clothes off. By the time we each the entrance doors your breath is haggard, but not from dash.

"Hurry!", you moan, voice strained with desperation as I fish out my keys and let us into the lobby. We're the only ones in there and you're dancing about both hands kneading the front of your skirt. I press the button to call the elevator and we watch as it slowly makes it's way down from the top floor. The elevator here is notoriously slow, a fact that is annoying the majority of the time. Tonight however I want to sing its praises.

"Oh my god, I'm going to flood this carpet, I don't know if I can make it in time".

"You'll be fine", I say in a soothing voice while rubbing your back and downplaying the situation. "We'll make it with plenty of time to spare". We both know that isn't true. You respond with only a whimper. My hand moves down to your ass and gives it a playful pat as the doors open and you stagger in.

I make a show of slowly finding our floor and pressing the button. You stamp your feet quickly and turn about in the lift, unable to stand still. "Hurry, I'm going to wet myself".

As the doors shut, I move over to you and press your back against the wall. "Let's see how wet you got down here" I whisper in your ear, as my hand carefully traces a path from your ass, up under your skirt, and to your front of your panties.

"I was wet before I leaked" you tease and I kiss the side of your neck as my hand explores between your legs. You're panties are still quite damp and I can feel the heat of your sex radiating through them. You're straining and quivering against my palm, your thighs trapping my hand as you squeeze your legs together while you bounce. I fight to keep my kisses soft and gentle and the urge to take you immediately is all encompassing.

*Ding*, the elevator interrupts as it announces our floor. "I thought this thing was supposed to be slow" I grumble as you rush out and down the hall.

"Thank god it's not", you call back to me, "I was about to hiss all over your palm."

"Yeah, that would have been a tragedy", I smirk back, sorting my keys again as I meander to meet you at our door. Again I make a show of slowly unlocking the door but you're too desperate to even protest. You just dance about, muttering to yourself over and over again about how you're going to lose it any second. It makes me want you all the more.

With the door open you dash in, struggling to take your shoes off as quickly as you can, and throwing your bag and jacket over a chair. As I close and lock the door, I can hear you shuffling your way to the bathroom.

"Stop". I don't yell it, nor is there any hint of anger in my voice. However I am firm and you obey, jiggling about in place. "Not just yet" I follow up, and then move to take off my own shoes and blazer, emptying my pockets and generally just sorting myself out as one does when they first get home.

"Oh please can I go? I'm going to pee myself. I can't hold it". You're frantic. From your breath to your voice to your constantly shifting body, there is no mistaking that you're a woman on the verge of losing control.

"No, not yet". I grab some towels we had left out and place them on the floor. I pull over a chair from the table and put it on top of the towels.

"Pppppppllllllleeeeaaasssseeeee?", you beg. "I'm going to leak. I'm going to burst. I need to go within the next minute or I'm not going to make it". You carry on like this, one plead after another, wriggling about with sweet relief only feet away from you.

I no longer reply. I walk as calmly as I can towards you. My erection bulging obviously in my pants. I want to run over. I want to grab you up in my arms and pull you in so tight, against my body, we become one. I move my hand around you and grab your ass, squeezing it while I bring you in close, allowing your to feel my hard heat pressing against your body. I then unzip your skirt and stepping back, let it fall to the floor. Your hands quickly return to your crotch, massaging back the impending flood.

I shift my attention to the buttons of your blouse. I notice for the first time they are the snap kind. Grateful, I hold back my desire no longer and tear open your shirt, flinging it to one side and then waste no time freeing your breasts from your bra. I kiss down your neck to your left breast and playfully bite at your nipple. You moan and tense up. I look down to see a little pee dripping through your fingers. "I'm going to lose it" you say quietly, staring into my eyes.

I pull you towards the chair and sit on it. Then I turn you around and have you sit on my lap, your back against my chest. You can feel my excitement throbbing under you. I want all of you all at once. My lips kiss and nibble at your neck and shoulders. My hands play with your breasts and tweak your nipples. My fingers run along your thighs and up between your legs. They slowly rub the outside of your wet panties and tease the elastic band, slipping underneath it all too briefly. I continue doing all this as you bounce gently on my lap.

"Please".

I don't know if you want me to let you pee or make you cum. I'm not sure you know either. My hand finds itself way inside your panties and I continue rub, pinch, play and tease, increasing my pace.

You're hot. I can feel your heat everywhere I touch. I can feel you shaking, squirming, wiggling. You're moaning softly. My hand gets wet. It gets wet again. I can feel the warmth drip down and seep onto my lap. The intensity of my pace increases. Your body rocks and pushes back against me.

"Please".

Your right hand reaches up beside my face. It runs along my cheek and then grabs the back of my head. Your left hand moves up on top of my own. It guides my touch, squeezing and rubbing your breasts. I give control over so I can fully concentrate on the quivering hot wetness of your sex.

"Please".

The moment builds to it's crescendo. My hand gets wet again. Your breath is rapid. Your hips buck.

"I can't…"

For a split second everything freezes, then your grip tightens and I feel nails on the back of my neck. You call out and your body tenses as climax takes you. I feel a powerful rush against my hand and hear you hissing as you pee forcefully in your pants. In seconds I am soaked, as your hot pee waterfalls into my lap, and you sigh from the relief of both your bladder and your orgasm.

When you're done, still panting slightly from the relief, you stand up, turn around and straddle me. Wrapping your arms around me, I do the same and we sit in silence for a time.

"I got you wet", you say. Looking down at myself I can see I am completely drenched. The towels beneath the chair are full to capacity and a small puddle pulls away from their grasp.

"I know, you're a naughty girl aren't you?", I reply smiling. "Can't even hold a little pee."

You stand and head to the bathroom. Your panties a beautiful two tone colour, with a few droplets still gliding their way down the back of your legs. "Shower?" you ask looking over your shoulder.

I grin and begin to remove my wet clothing, then follow. "Why not, the night is still young".

*002*2013-01-04 04:42

Thank you for your comments, desp_1999, I appreciate you taking the time to say something. Like you, I LOVE the idea of a woman willingly submitting to toilet denial in order to become desperate. Sharing such a thing would be incredibly erotic.

I don't personally have any more stories (I don't tend to write very often, takes me forever) but if I find any other good ones I'll share them.

Take care

*005*2013-01-05 23:34

Thanks so much Mr Awesome. I appreciate the comment.

