I suppose we're both to blame. Even so, I'm sorry about your bed

Author: Wetbynoon

*000*2019-08-07 07:56

"Jason, stop!" Kate giggled as her boyfriend hefted her easily into his arms and pushed her against the bedroom wall. He looked up and grinned.

"Why should I?" he flipped her down onto the bed, and flopped onto her stomach. She whimpered and half moaned when the pressure from his weight settled on her bladder. She had been finishing up the last details on her painting when Jay came home, and she forced herself to sit at her stool and have some decent progress to show her lover when he returned from work. All while painting, she had shifted on her seat, and bit her lower lip trying to concentrate through the fog of desperation and arousal. She now faced the terror of realizing that Jason might very well poke and prod her to an accident before she could get a sentence out.

As if on que, Jason rolled off of Kate and began tickling her. Her abdomen tightened as she howled in laughter; a wet patch the size of a dime spread on her leggings. Her man grinned as he ran his hands up and down her body, seeing the adrenaline and arousal in her eye. Her chest heaved and accentuated the two hard masses of her nipples as they protruded against the fabric of her red top.

"J-j Jason! Stop! I really gotta-"

He doubled down.

"Now how could I stop when your so goddamn cute like this?"

Kate's laughter filled the tiny bed room, and for a few moments, she noticed Jason's nostrils twitching as he began to pick up an odd scent he hadn't yet placed as urine.

"You look tired Katie. How about I help you wake up?"

She shook her head ferociously, to tired to protest verbally. Her beet red face was framed by her black curly hair. Jason picked up half of her body by the heels and fit his arms snuggly around her pelvis so that when he stood on the bed, her head hung a few inches above it's surface. She moaned and squirmed her legs as the pressure of his grip around her bladder forced a spurt out of her vulva.

Oh, Shit! If he doesn't stop, i'll-

Jason began bouncing up and down on the bed, his bear grip still locked firm around her swollen belly.

"Jason, I have to pee!"

He was laughing hard before she began to protest, and his face was pink with delight. "What, baby?"

Her boyfriend was shocked when she grasped his ankles, her arms and legs shaking. Kate let out a sharp gasp as piss gushed out of her crotch, and soaked her tights on the way down to her loose tits inside her red shirt. Her dark grew damp as her hot piss ran down her body, drenching Jason's clothes as well. He dropped her down on his bed; she stared at him dead in the eyes as she emptied the rest of her bladder out of spite on his comforter.

He stepped off the bed and assessed the situation before the anger set in. "Why didn't you tell me you had to go that bad!"

"I tried! You didn't give me a second to let you know!"

He sighed and looked to the ground. "That was kind of hot for me though. Was it for you."

She blushed and nodded; more than she'd like to admit.

"I suppose we're both to blame. Even so, I'm sorry about your bed."

*002*2019-08-09 00:06

Thanks for your response! I should have more stories out soon.

