Jane's jeans

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2025-09-10 19:59

Jane liked Saturdays in the office. No interruptions, no ringing phones, no colleagues hovering at her desk. Just her and her work, in blissful silence.

She set off later than planned, her cropped T-shirt brushing her midriff as she hurried through the streets with her bag bouncing on one shoulder. She hadn’t stopped at the bathroom before leaving her flat, and halfway there, her bladder began to scream in protest.

Not now. Not here. Hold it… hold it… she thought, hopping nervously from foot to foot. Each step sent jolts of urgency up her abdomen, making her gasp and bite her lip. She tried to cross her legs, press her thighs together, and rock back and forth like a desperate, awkward dance. Every step made the pressure worse.

By the time she reached the office lobby, she was practically bouncing on her heels, bag pressing uncomfortably against her stomach. Her fingers trembled as she fumbled for her pass, eyes darting nervously at the CCTV camera overhead. A spurt of piss dampened her knickers, she didn't dare look down at her pale blue jeans.

Please, don’t record this… just let me in…

Beep. Green light. Relief barely registered her muscles betrayed her at the very moment of triumph. Warm pee spread down her legs in an uncontrollable rush.

“Oh, fuck… oh no… oh god…” Jane gasped, frozen in horror. Her jeans instantly clung warm and wet to her thighs. Her trainers squelched against a growing puddle on the lobby tiles. She pressed her thighs together harder, but it was useless. Her bladder had won.

"Shit, shit, shit… I can feel it running. Everyone’s going to see me… just survive… just get to the bathroom…"

She shuffled forward, dragging her wet jeans along, every step sending shivers of cold up her spine. The wet denim pressed uncomfortably to her thighs. So cold. So clammy. "oh fuck… please, just get to the restroom…

Finally, she reached the ladies’ room her face bright red with embarrasment and streaked with tears.

She stood by the sink, tugging at the waistband of her jeans, shivering violently as the cold fabric pressed to her skin. Her knickers were soaked too, clinging uncomfortably. "I can’t believe this… I can feel it… oh god…"

And then she noticed movement. Rachel was there, washing her hands, and her eyes immediately landed on Jane, standing in her dripping, piss-soaked jeans.

“Oh!” Rachel exclaimed, surprised. “Jane… your jeans… what happened?”

Jane froze mid-shiver, cheeks burning crimson. "Oh fuck, my boss has actually seen me like this…"

“I… I… I had an accident in the lobby,” Jane admitted, voice trembling. “I… I wet myself. My jeans… they’re soaking… I didn’t mean to…” She tugged at her waistband helplessly, wishing she could vanish.

Rachel blinked, then smiled gently. “Jane… honestly, it’s fine. Wet knickers, wet jeans… whatever. You should just take them off. Nobody else is here, and it’ll be more comfortable.”

Jane sagged in relief, even as her stomach twisted with lingering embarrassment. She’s… actually okay with this?

Carefully, Jane peeled off the soaked jeans and wrung them out in the sink, the cold fabric pressing against her fingers. She hung them on the radiator in her office, shivering violently, tugging her cropped T-shirt down as far as possible, still acutely aware of her damp knickers.

Rachel leaned casually against the desk. “Don’t worry about it. Let’s get through the day. Work, coffee, emails just us, okay?”

For the rest of the Saturday, Jane and Rachel worked side by side: emails, spreadsheets, and phone calls. Coffee breaks were punctuated with soft chuckles and supportive glances. Jane adjusted her damp knickers repeatedly, each movement a reminder of the cold wetness clinging to her, but Rachel’s calm, unbothered presence made it bearable.

By the end of the day, her jeans were still damp, not dry enough to wear comfortably. Jane looked at the radiator and frowned. I really can’t walk home like this…

Rachel noticed. “Wait, you’re going to walk home in your knickers?”

Jane bit her lip. “I… I guess…”

“Nope,” Rachel said, smiling warmly. "I’ll give you a lift. You’re not walking home in wet knickers, here is a plastic bag for your jeans and one to sit on"

Jane carefully stuffed the sodden jeans into the bag, every movement reminding her of the lingering cold dampness clinging to her knickers. "Ugh… this is mortifying… but at least I’m not alone."

As she placed the empty bag down and slid into the passenger seat of Rachel’s car, Jane tried to adjust her T-shirt over her wet knickers, tugging it down as far as possible. She settled against the seat, hugging her bag with the damp jeans, and let out a shaky laugh.

“Feeling better?” Rachel asked, giving her a teasing glance.

Jane nodded, still blushing but smiling. “Yeah… a little. Thanks… for, you know… making it not awful.”

Rachel grinned. “Of course. Nobody’s judging. And hey, consider it a life lesson: always use the bathroom before leaving the house.”

Jane laughed, shaking her head. Lesson learned… painfully. She glanced down at the bag of wet jeans. These things will haunt me forever.

The ride home was quiet, filled with soft conversation and the occasional giggle. Jane felt herself finally relaxing, letting the day’s humiliation melt away. Wet jeans, cold knickers, pee panic—it all felt a little less unbearable with Rachel by her side.

By the time they pulled up outside her flat, Jane was grateful beyond words. She grabbed her bag carefully, waving to Rachel. “Thanks… really. For everything.”

Rachel waved back with a smile. “Anytime. Now go, dry off, and maybe treat yourself to a hot shower.”

Jane stepped into her flat, finally safe, finally warm, and despite the chaos of the day, she felt a quiet sense of triumph. She had survived and she didn’t even die of embarrassment. She placed the soggy jeans on a chair, disasters, she realized, weren’t so bad when someone had your back and maybe, just maybe, you could even laugh about them later.

