Linda: chapter 6

Author: wettingplay

*000*2011-05-18 15:12

It was Saturday afternoon, and Alison had invited Linda to a party in the evening. Linda headed to Alison's room and went in. She was still lying in bed. Linda could tell she hadn't gotten up yet because she was still naked from the night before.

"Is it time to get ready already?" Alison asked.

"Yea, its getting on" Linda replied.

Alison began t sit up, but gave up half way through, collapsing back onto her bed.

"You first" she said, "what are you going to wear?"

"I don't know, I was hoping that you could help me" said Linda.

Alison let out a big yawn, stretching her arms over her head.

"OK, bring in some of your outfits and we'll have a look" Alison said.

Linda turned to the door and opened it.

"Oh, and Linda" Alison loudly whispered at Linda, leaning towards her and holding the duvet over her chest, "is the bathroom free yet?"

Linda looked over at the bathroom door. It was closed and she could hear someone splashing about in the bath.

"Still occupied" Linda told her.

Linda returned a few moments later holding a selection of her cloths. Alison had a distracted, slightly concerned look on her face.

"Is it free yet" Alison inquired urgently.

"No, not yet. Everything ok?" Linda asked.

"I'm fucking dying for a wee" Alison explained.

"Oh, well its still occupied I'm afraid" Linda replied.

Alison returned her attention to Linda.

"Strip" she commanded.

Linda was shocked. She blushed and gave Alison a shy gaze as she tried to think of something to say.

"Come on, come on. You've got to take something off to put something new on." Alison gave Linda an assertive look.

Linda blushed and removed her skirt and blouse.

"And the rest" Alison commanded.

"Um..., d-do I really need to get completely... naked?" Linda asked nervously.

Alison suddenly became very distracted. She leaned forward and moved one of her hands under the duvet then looked up at Linda. There was an urgent look in her face and her eyes gazed at Linda. With her head she beckoned Linda to approach. Linda approached and leaned close to Alison's face.

"Can you get me one of your pull ups? I don't think I can hold it anymore." Alison whispered, a slight tremble in her voice.

"Oh no" Linda replied, "I ran out a couple of days ago, I'm sorry."

Urgency turned to fear and Alison eyes started to water ever so slightly. Linda could see that she was fidgeting frantically under the duvet, crossing and uncrossing her legs, her hand firmly pressed between her legs.

"What am I going to do?!" Alison was panicking.

"I'm sure the loo's gonna be free soon. He's been in there ages and I doubt it'll be much longer" Linda replied reassuringly.

Alison's fidgeting was getting more frantic and her eyes more watery.

"Try sitting on your heel" Linda suggested.

"How do you mean" Alison asked.

"Like your kneeling, and rest all your bodyweight on the heel. Its easier than using your hand and you can get more pressure on your urethra" Linda explained.

Alison shifted about under the sheets, fidgeting slightly, until she found a comfy position and was able to regain her composure.

"Right, now lets get you ready" said Alison.

"I was thinking I would wear the yellow dress" Linda said, holding said dress against herself to show what it would look like.

"Underwear first" Alison commanded jokingly.

Linda blushed slightly, replying "does it really matter? No one will see under my cloths."

"They will if you wear those black pants and bra so take em off" Alison reasoned.

Linda began to unstrap her bra, and as she slid it off she blushed bright red.

"Cutie" Alison whispered, subconsciously gazing at Linda's perky breasts.

Linda slid down her pants and stood in front of Alison, presenting her body for inspection.

"What now" she asked.

"Show me that dress again" Alison requested.

Linda handed it over and Alison examined it.

"This'll work better without a bra. There's not much cleavage so you wont need to worry about exposing yourself, and since the shoulder straps are thin a bra would be really obviously visible and would ruin the look of the dress" Alison explained.

"Really?" Linda asked, still blushing bright red.

"Try it on." Alison handed her the dress.

Linda held the dress by the shoulder straps and stepped into it, pulling it up over her body. Her blush began to fade as she covered herself and she sat herself on the bed so Alison could do up the zip. Linda could feel through the mattress that Alison was fidgeting on her heel gently so she reached her hand over to Alison's and gave it an affectionate squeeze of encouragement. Alison smiled warmly and pulled Linda into a deep hug.

"OK?" Linda asked.

Alison nodded and released Linda from the Hug. Linda stood up and examined herself in the mirror. Alison had been right. The dress worked well without a bra. It was tight and offered a lot of lift on her breasts. Her nipples could faintly be seen through the fabric, as could her belly button. The skirt reached just above her knees and hung loosely.

"What kind of pants do I wear" Linda asked.

"Open that draw" Alison said pointing at the draw in question. Linda did so.

"There should be a yellow bikini in there" Alison exclaimed.

Linda found it and pulled the bottoms out of the draw. They were very small and the same colour as her dress. The sides where nothing more than a thin bit of fabric which needed to be tied into a bow but at this time where untied.

Linda sat herself on the chair by Alison's desk, hitched up her skirt three quarters of the way up her thighs, and sat herself on the groin of the bikini bottoms. She began tying one side into a bow but was having some difficulty. The first time she failed to get a tight knot so she undid it and started again. The second time she got a tight knot but hadn't left enough to tie the other side so she undid the knot again. She measured up what she perceived to be the right distances for the base knot but was having great difficulty in maintaining this as she fiddled to tie the bow.

"Can you help me with this" Linda asked looking up at Alison. Alison's mouth was hanging slightly open, her eyes wide, staring in Linda's direction. Linda held the bikini bottoms in her right hand and looked at Alison awaiting a reply. The reply didn't arrive and Alison had evidently not heard. Linda suddenly developed a half shocked half flattered smile as she realised that Alison was staring right up her skirt. Linda gazed on with a bemused smile, waiting for Alison to snap out of her gaze. When this did not happen Linda decided to tease Alison a bit. She opened her legs a bit wider and twirled her pubic hairs around her left index finger provocatively. Alison seemed to become more fixated, gazing up Linda's skirt.

Alison snapped out of her gaze as a spurt of pee escaped her and trickled down her heel, over the arch of her foot, and eventually leaked off between her big toe and the next one.

TBC.

