Tied up alone

Author: wetginger49

*000*2013-07-06 20:17

Staring at the clock, you're wondering how much longer you have to wait. Like he does once every week, without warning, daddy came home during lunch, had his way with you then left you tied up until he got home.

The first few times caught you by surprise, and were filled with ecstasy. Ecstasy that left you anticipating the moment from there on. You became disappointed when you realized that your Daddy wasn't coming through the door for his lunch. But today was different, you let yourself get distracted in the morning and you were totally caught off guard by the sound of jiggling keys just like the first time. By the time the door opened your moistness was already soaking your panties.

Ravaged, you were tied to your chair for nearly an hour before realizing your mistake. Daddy left you in front of the TV so you didn't get lonely. You had gone all morning without making a trip to the ladies room. You could feel the slight sting of your bladder filling up. You had a choice, to either give in immediately or hold hoping you could make it until Daddy got home. You decided to bide your time since it was Friday, and sometimes Daddy comes home early on Friday.

But you have limits, you held it for a while but eventually you decide that Daddy will find you sitting in a puddle and that you should just get it over with. You release your muscles, and the warm wet patch starts growing at your crotch. You hadn't wet yourself in years, could it feel THIS good? The warmth clung to your cunt like nothing else, now you needed Daddy to get home just to satisfy your urge to get off. The warm piss puddled on the chair until it overflowed, dripping on to your bound feet below. Just as you released your last drop you let out a loud moan that was quickly followed by the creaking sound of Daddy opening the door.

I come around the corner to where I always leave you tied up, and take note of the puddle at your feet and in your chair. This is something new, Daddy had to think of a just punishment...

