Alice & Lucas - wet at the beach

Author: wetskipants

*000*2019-07-01 13:44

Summer had arrived with a vengeance. Every day of the week had hit at least 35C and finally the weekend had arrived. At the end of a sweaty week in work clothes, what better way to cool off then a trip to the beach?

Alice and Lucas set off in Alice's convertible, with the top down and wind in their hair. Get to the beach any time after 9am and parking would be a nightmare but they had got going early and found a spot just a short walk from the sand.

"Please can you sun cream me," Alice said after they picked a spot and lay down their towels.

Lucas didn't need to be asked twice. Any chance to run his hands over Alice's body was a treat.

Alice lifted her sundress over her head, revealing an aqua blue one piece with a deep plunging back. Lucas squirted a large dollop of sun cream in the palm of his hand and started coating Alice's neck and shoulders. He moved down Alice's back, carefully sliding his hands under the edges of her swimsuit, making sure he was covering every part of her body that might be exposed to the scorching sun. Finally he did her legs, his heart pounding as his hands ran up the insides of Alice's thighs to the edges of her swimsuit, centimetres from the pubic triangle hidden within.

With a twinkle in her eyes and a coy smile, Alice said to Lucas: "I reckon you've done a good job. My turn."

Lucas felt himself stir inside his board shorts as Alice's hands rubbed cream into his body. He felt her hands slide under the waistband of his shorts, slipping across the top of his bum and sending tingles through his entire body.

"You made sure I was well covered; the least I can do is return the favour," she whispered in his ear.

Their bodies protected, they dived into the cool ocean. For hours they swam and sunned themselves, diving in as they felt themselves getting hot.

As the afternoon wore on, Lucas realised his need to pee was getting strong. He loved everything about the beach, with one exception. The toilet block always had a foul smell. Just walking through the entrance made him want to gag. But he wasn't ready to go home. This day was like a dream. He looked across at Alice, lying on her towel face down. He loved the swimmers she was wearing. Not only did they highlight her gorgeous back but they accentuated her exceptionally cute bum. He stroked her arm and said: "I need to pee but I don't know what to do. I don't want to go to the public toilets."

Alice sat up and pondered their options. "Have you ever gone in the ocean," she asked.

Lucas had to admit he never had. "I'm always worried someone will know what I'm doing or they will somehow feel it," he said.

Alice smiled. "Don't worry," she said. "We'll go ever there where no one is swimming, you can hold me in your arms and let go. No one will have a clue."

Lucas remembered their third date and thought about the offer he made Alice in her time of need and realised she was just doing the same for him.

"OK," he said.

They waded into the water away from the other swimmers and kept walking until they were both chest deep. Alice pulled Lucas around to face her and wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist. "You can go now," she said with a loving smile.

Lucas glanced around nervously and then brought his gaze back to Alice. He took a deep breath and tried to relax. There was something odd about the idea of peeing while immersed in water but the more he thought about it the more curious we was to experience it. Finally he summoned up the courage and let the build-up in his bladder go. The warmth quickly spread around his board shorts, a very different sensation from other times he had peed his pants.

Alice watched for tell-tale signs of when Lucas started peeing but couldn't see any before she felt his warmth seeping through his board shorts and making the water around her waist warm. It was a gorgeous feeling and she couldn't resist slipping her hand down to the front of Lucas's shorts to feel the warmth on her hand. Then she went one better, slipping her hand down the inside of his shorts. The jet of pee exiting his penis into the ocean water felt like a tiny jet in a spa bath. It tickled her palm as she moved her hand around, enjoying the sensation.

When Lucas was finished, Alice asked him: "How was that?"

Lucas smiled. "That felt amazing. Thank you so much for the suggestion."

Alice said: "You're welcome but there's one more thing. Now I need to go. But I want to do something different."

Alice led Lucas out of the water up to a secluded section of the beach, away from the crowds. She told Lucas to sit on the sand with his legs out straight. Lucas followed her instructions, mesmerised by the thought of what might follow.

Alice knelt down on top of Lucas's legs, her crotch right in front of a bulge that was growing in his shorts. "I got to feel your pee, now you can feel mine," she said.

Lucas watched as the triangle of swimmers that covered her crotch suddenly glistened and pee flowed through the wet material, soaking Lucas's board shorts. He gasped as he felt the hot pee flow down through his shorts over his crotch. Alice took Lucas's hand as she continued to pee and put it so that his hand cupped the hot, wet section of her swimsuit. The moment was too much for Lucas and, without any touching, he felt himself orgasm and cream the inside of his board shorts.

Alice's eyes went wide as she felt Lucas's body convulse under her. "Did you ... ?" she asked

Lucas nodded with a sheepish smile. "I couldn't believe it just happened. That is the effect you have on me."

Alice grinned. "We better go for another swim so our swimmers can have a good wash!" she laughed.

*003*2019-07-01 14:09

{{6 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

I wonder what will happen next

}}

Accidentally hit a key that published the story halfway through. All done now. Hope you enjoy it.

*004*2019-07-01 14:10

{{3 minutes ago, Batman007 said:

Can’t wait for the next chapter! Hopefully Alice will wet herself somehow

}}

Wasn't meant to be in chapters. Somehow I published the story half done. It's finished now. Hope it meets your wishes

