Meagan & the Gentleman: Cabin in the Woods

Author: Weasel

*000*2018-02-24 18:27

Hey folks! Been too long, I've had a jungle of a month.

I first came up with the idea for this story last October. That little clue, plus the tags and the title, might give you a hint tp where we're going. I'm a little worried people may not be totally thrilled with this tale, but it is what it is because Meagan and Parker are who they are.

(Missed the last story? Here it is: Sexting

. And if you'd like to read all the other Meagan/Parker stories before that one, let me know.)

I have the next story written as well, so I'll try to post that in a week or two. After that I may need to slow down, I'm writing a Meagan/Parker story that's much less omo-related -- since after all, Meagan has her own turn-ons, and it's only fair she gets her time in the sun. But plenty of fun times ahead. I'm quite looking forward to the next idea I have in mind.

____

“So tell me about Meagan,” his dad asked.

The question shouldn’t have been surprising: they were driving to Meagan’s town to meet up. And it shouldn’t have been a hard question to answer: after all, Parker had thought of nothing else for the last five days. School was starting in a week and a half, Meagan was done at summer camp, and they were going to spend a few days in Meagan’s family cabin. But Parker’s thoughts were mostly running pretty NC-17, so it took him a moment to come up with a family-friendly answer.

“She’s smart and funny and strong and sexy,” he said, “and the first time we ever met, she made a Firefly reference.”

“My, my. So it was love at first quote?”

“Not really. We met at a party and didn’t see each other again for weeks. Good thing she was on the Ultimate Frisbee team or I’d never have found her again.”

“Athletic, too, huh?”

“Yeah, she’s so strong. Much stronger than me.”

“Sounds like she’s the perfect girl,” his father said. “I’m really glad for you, son.”

“Oh, nothing’s perfect,” Parker said. “Meagan taught me that.” And he told the story of the beach at Savannah.

His father raised his eyebrows and nodded, clearly impressed. “That’s a really mature way of looking at the world,” he said. “I take back what I just said. Both the ‘perfect’ part and the ‘girl’ part. Clearly this young woman will be a good influence on you.”

“Not entirely,” Parker said, without quite thinking.

“Oh?”

Parker blushed deep red.

“All right, I get the picture,” his father said. “As long as you’re being careful I do not want to know.”

Good, ‘cause I could never tell you half of what we get up to…

“I just have one question, though,” his father went on. “How come she wants us to meet her at this park, and not at her place? Does she not want the parents to meet so soon?”

“Something like that,” Parker said, hedging as best he could, and remembering Meagan’s last text:

Meet me at Forrest Park in town, I am NOT introducing you to my parents

It seemed that Forrest Park was the park in Meagan’s town. It was fairly substantial—it took a little driving around to find the parking lot—but there wasn’t much to it: a small playground, a dirt softball field, a statue, two trash cans and a drinking fountain in a big mostly-rectangular strip of trees and grass. Meagan was sitting on the trunk of her car taking a drink of water as Parker and his dad pulled into the lot. Parker’s dad pulled into the space next to her, and she jumped down as Parker hopped out of the car.

Holy shit, she looks more beautiful than I remember—and did she do something with her hair? Yes, she’s growing it out more…

Then she flung her arms around him and such distant thoughts were banished. She kissed him quickly and chastely, then turned away to put out her hand to Parker’s dad and say, “Hi, Mr. Daniels, I’m Meagan.”

“Call me Will. I think we actually met last May, very briefly.”

“Oh, right! Thank you for driving out all this way.”

“Not a problem, I would have driven almost as far to get Parker to school anyway.” He unlocked the trunk and started unloading Parker’s bags. “So this cabin’s up north, huh?”

“Yeah, my aunt and uncle live up there,” Meagan said, taking the cue to transfer the bags into her own car. “They own it.”

“A nice set-up?”

“Oh, really nice. We’ve got 47 acres, our own well, the cabin’s real cozy…”

“Mmm, sounds nice! Mind if I tag along?”

Meagan and Parker threw embarrassed glances at each other.

“I’m kidding,” Will Daniels said. “Wish I could go, but work is what it is. And I wouldn’t want to be a fifth wheel anyway. You kids have fun. Note that I am not saying ‘Be good.’”

Meagan laughed; Parker blushed.

“But call when you get to school, Parker, okay? So your mother doesn’t worry too much. Have a safe drive and a fun week!”

“We will,” Meagan assured him.

“Bye, dad!”

And a moment later, with a wave out the window, his dad was gone—and Parker was alone with his lover again.

Meagan finished loading his bags, closed her trunk, leaned back against it, and pulled him close. “C’mere. I wanna say hi properly.”

She gave him a much longer, much sexier, much more lingering kiss. It felt incredible, being in her arms, feeling her body against his. He felt himself getting hard already.

“Happy to see me?” Meagan whispered in his ear, grinning.

He ducked his head, blushing.

“Nope, no blushing, no embarrassment,” she said, pulling him back up for another kiss with a finger under his chin. “Own it, buddy. We are two magnificent hotties—fuckin’ right we turn each other on.”

“You, too…?”

“I’m more subtle, of course, but yes. Yes I am.” She glanced around. “But before we take this any further—and believe me, we are going to—let’s get the fuck out of Dodge.”

“You really hate it here, don’t you.”

“Mmmmmhmmmm. Jump in, we’re making tracks.” And she suited her action to the word, pulling out of the park rather faster than he would have. She drove a little angry until they were well out of the city center and on the highway rolling north. And it wasn’t until they crossed the county line that she started to relax or talk very much. But then she found his hand and squeezed it tight.

“Dear god it’s good to see you,” she said.

“Please don’t actually see me right this second,” Parker said. “Eyes on the road!”

She chuckled. “Sorry, did I spook you with my driving?”

“A little bit.”

“I’ve been driving these roads for a very long time, I know ‘em all. But yeah, I guess I was a little jumpy.”

“Any particular reason why?”

“A couple, I guess… For one, I told my family that I was going up to the cabin until school started, but I didn’t mention you.”

“Oh, so you’re trying to keep me out of sight?”

“Yeah. Especially from my uncle; he’s pretty conservative. He would not approve of anything we’re going to do. He doesn’t really approve of dating, honestly.”

“Sounds like he’s kind of a prick.”

“Mmmmmmmmkay. I’m gonna need you to not talk about my family like that. Especially when you have no idea what you’re talking about.”

“Sorry.”

“My uncle is seriously strict, yeah, but he’s the one who paid for me to go back to Camp Graham when my folks couldn’t afford it any more, and he’s helping me pay for school. So I owe him a ton. And he may be strict, but he’s still generous. And he’s family.”

“I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”

“Mmmmmmmhmmm. And that’s the thing, you jumped to conclusions before you knew the whole story. But I’m sorry for snapping at you. I’m still definitely on edge.”

“Anything I can do?”

“Well, as long as we’re in the car, you’re already doing it: you’re here, you’re talking to me, you’re holding my hand. When we stop there’s something else, yeah, and once we’re at the cabin there’s more.”

“Looking forward to it.”

“Oh yeah.”

They talked about a great many things for the next hour or so, as they drove north: filling in the details of the summer, debating the merits of the latest Star Wars, discussing the mix tape they were currently listening to (mix tape, because her car was too old for a CD player), and so on. They also spent some time in silence, just holding hands, just being glad about being together.

They stopped for lunch when they hit Lake Michigan, at a big park Meagan knew. She’d packed some sandwiches and a picnic blanket, and they went down to the beach and ate there. Having eaten and washed it down with soda, Meagan said, “All right. Now you can do something more to help me unwind a bit.”

“What can I do?”

“Kiss me,” she said.

They lay down on the blanket and made out for what felt like an hour.

“Thank you,” Meagan said. “That’s what I needed—part of it, anyway. I’m feeling so much better already.”

“Good, I’m glad.”

“So much better, in fact, that I’m gonna do something I wasn’t planning on doing just yet.”

“What?”

“It’s about another two hours to the cabin, so if you need to use the bathroom you should do it now.”

“Yeah, that’s probably smart.”

“But me, I’m not gonna use it.”

His heart rate started climbing.

“Thought that might get your attention,” she said slyly.

It actually took a little longer than two hours, since they stopped by a store to pick up some supplies for the week. But Meagan being Meagan, two hours was nothing, and she didn’t even look fidgety by the time they passed the last town and closed in on the cabin. She squeezed his hand when she caught him looking, though, and grinned.

The roads grew a little rougher as they got closer, however, and so the last mile was rather harder for Meagan. She did her usual thing of locking down hard, however, even as they turned off the road and onto the gravel of the driveway and rattled up the three hundred yards into her family’s woods.

The cabin was perched halfway up a hill, which was not tall, but was steep enough that they parked at the bottom and walked up. About thirty yards from the cabin was the outhouse—a two-seater, complete with the crescent-moon cut-outs on the doors. “Need to use that?” Parker said, nodding to it.

“In a bit,” Meagan said breezily. “I wanna give you the tour first!”

The tour started with the pump—a genuine cast-iron-handled pump, like something out of the 19th century. Meagan filled his water bottle for him. “Taste that,” she said. “Isn’t that the best?” She filled her own and took a long drink, savoring every drop.

It was refreshing—but Parker was more interested in what effect it would have on Meagan.

Then she got the key to the cabin from its hiding place under a large rock, and showed him around inside. It was dark and dusty, all over wood and, here and there, old tools being used as decoration. It was big, too, bigger than Parker had guessed, clearly able to sleep a major family. There were four beds downstairs and a big loft up above, accessible through a sloping ladder. “I figure we’ll sleep up there unless it gets too hot,” Meagan said, opening up some shutters to let the light in.

Parker looked up. The loft looked big enough for six, and seemed almost tall enough to stand up underneath the peak of the roof; they’d have plenty of room.

“And here’s the best part, from your point of view,” Meagan said, ducking under one of the beds and hauling out a ceramic pot.

“What’s this?” he said.

“Those thirty yards to the outhouse can be just terrible if it’s raining or snowing or super cold,” Meagan said. “So we have a chamber pot!” She set it on the floor, pulled off the tight-fitting lid, and squatted over it (shorts still on) to demonstrate.

He laughed. “I’ve never seen one before!”

“I’ve used this I don’t know how many times,” she said. “So a trash can in my dorm room was pretty natural for me.”

“Gonna use it now?”

“I can wait,” she said with a grin.

The rest of the tour of the cabin was quick: there was a cookstove in a lean-to shed around back, with a little pantry cupboard and a cold-storage hole that Meagan insisted they fill up with their food supplies and bags of ice. It had a lock on it to keep animals from getting in. After they’d unloaded the food and dropped off their bags and sleeping gear in the cabin, Meagan gleefully led Parker the rest of the way up the hill.

At the top was a big oak tree, and nestled in its branches was a treehouse. Meagan scrambled up the ladder nailed to the trunk quick as a squirrel; Parker followed a bit more cautiously.

The ladder opened onto a platform that ran all the way around the treehouse, with a stout railing, but Meagan was standing in the doorway of the little house itself, legs crossed, hands on the doorframe, grin from ear to ear. “C’mere first,” she said.

Inside the treehouse was a child-sized table and chair, a toy chest, and a little bed. “I used to take naps up here when I was a kid,” Meagan said. “Isn’t this cute?”

“Sure is,” Parker said. “I never had a treehouse. This is awesome.”

“Oh, but you haven’t even seen the best part,” Meagan said. She went back out onto the platform (being careful that Parker shut the door behind them) and led the way around to the west side.

The hillside dropped off a little more steeply on this side, the land had been cleared a bit, and intrusive branches had been lopped away—so there was a clear view across the forest and all the way out to where sunlight glinted on the lake.

“Oh wow,” Parker whispered. “This is gorgeous.”

“I know,” Meagan said. “I’ve dreamed of bringing you here all summer long.”

They turned toward each other for a kiss. Then another. Then more. After a few minutes’ making out, their hands had found skin beneath shirts, butts under shorts, and various hardnesses at crotch and chest level.

“I want you so bad,” Meagan whispered in his ear.

Parker could only sigh his agreement.

“Did you bring a condom up?”

“No. You’re not supposed to keep them in your pockets, remember?”

“Mmkay. No problem. We’ll come back here later. But for now we’d better go back to the cabin.”

They practically ran, bouncing from rock to rock and root to root, and kicked off their sandals as soon as they were inside. Meagan scrambled up the ladder to roll out their foam pads and sleeping bags; Parker plunged into his duffel to find the condoms and lube, then hurried up the ladder after her, crucial gear in hand.

Shirts came off in a tearing hurry—maybe literally, they didn’t slow down to check—and Meagan’s bra didn’t last two second, and then they were covering each other with their hands, and Meagan gasped as Parker slid his hand right down under the waistband of her shorts to find her clit. She kissed him frantically, hungrily, like kisses were breathing, and didn’t stop even as she got up on her knees to unzip her shorts and pull them down. A minute later she had Parker naked, stroking his hard-on with a lubed-up hand, as he began to slide her panties down after her shorts.

But as he made her naked, she gasped and thrust a hand between her legs. “Sorry, I nearly leaked when you did that,” she whispered.

“No need to apologize for that,” Parker said, blood hammering.

She clutched herself for a few seconds, then turned it into stroking herself. But a moment later she shook her head. “I’m sorry, Parker, I wanted to wait until after… but I really gotta go now. I don’t think I’ll really be able to enjoy this until I pee.”

“Then go ahead!” Parker said.

“C’mon, then,” she said, and led the way down the ladder. But instead of grabbing the chamber pot, as he expected, she crouched down to put on her sandals. This took a little longer than usual because she had to stop once or twice and press on her crotch to hold back the pee. As soon as she had both sandals on, however, she opened the door and walked right out, stark naked. He slipped on his own sandals and followed her.

She walked with that purposeful determined stride he remembered from that very first time he’d seen her desperate, when they’d arrived late at the frisbee match; but this was massively more sexy, considering she was naked and he got to watch how her butt twitched as she walked, how her breasts swayed with her step.

Meagan pushed open one of the doors to the two-seater and quickly inspected it. “No rats, good,” she said, and flipped up the seat cover. Then she sat herself down and began peeing immediately. Parker watched from outside, just as naked, stroking himself gently as he watched.

After a few seconds Meagan’s stream stopped. There was no toilet paper—that was kept locked up, she said—so she shook her butt several times to get the drops off and came out to him. “Did you like that?” she said, taking over stroking him with one hand and wrapping the other arm around his shoulders.

“Yeah, that was nice,” he said.

“But I think we were in the middle of something…”

Stopping for a pee break had disrupted their frantic energy, but that was okay. They took it a little slower and enjoyed it all the more. Parker was enthralled by the pattern of late-afternoon light playing across Meagan’s breasts as she rode him in the cabin loft, gently and slowly at first, then more and more powerfully, slowing down now and then to lean over and kiss him, and finally squeezing him tight as he came in her, their backs arching in bliss.

They lay together for a moment on their sleeping bags, breathing deeply and happily, kissing and caressing and cuddling—but then Meagan said, “Let’s pee.” She did bring out the chamber pot this time, and pissed a surprisingly strong burst into it as she slid the condom off his drooping penis and tied a knot in it. “I held a little back,” she explained. “Always good to pee after sex.” Then she tugged him down to the floor and aimed his cock for him, between her legs and into the pot she was still squatting over. He let go with an unexpected feeling of joy.

“That was fun,” he said.

“Mmmmmmhmm,” she answered. “Been too long.”

“Oh, yeah, the whole thing was good,” Parker said, “but I meant peeing while you were holding me. That felt really nice. Like you were looking after me completely.”

She grinned. “Well, we can do it again. 47 acres and we can go wherever we want. In more ways than one. We’re all alone here, just you and me.”

They washed in the cold water from the pump—a bit shocking but rather invigorating, and it turned into a little bit of a water fight, which was fun. As they were finishing this up, there was a sudden screech. “What the heck was that?” Parker asked, abruptly acutely aware that he was naked except for sandals.

“Not sure,” Meagan said as she dried herself off with her towel. “Some kind of bird?”

“Never heard a bird like that,” Parker said.

Meagan shrugged, which was fun to watch when she was topless. “Beats me. Don’t care that much, either. I got more important things on my mind.” And she kissed him.

After dinner, they again lay naked in the loft in the light of a lantern. Not for sex, but simply holding each other, tracing each other’s curves, re-learning the look of each others’ bodies, and gazing into each other’s eyes.

“I can’t believe you’re here,” Meagan said.

“I know.”

“This summer was rough, sometimes. I’m so glad you were there for me… and now you’re here with me.”

“And we’ve got months and months together. We don’t have to say goodbye until December.”

“I don’t even wanna think about that,” Meagan said. “I don’t wanna say goodbye at all.”

###

Parker woke in the night, suddenly aware he had heard something. He listened intently. Yes, something was moving around outside the cabin. He wondered if he should wake Meagan, or if it was just some animal. But after a few moments it was gone, or seemed to be gone, and Parker dropped off to sleep.

###

They had plenty of sex the next few days, including some of Parker’s fetish and some of Meagan’s, but they also worked in a lot of other activities—long walks, chopping wood (Meagan was pretty good at it, and Parker found himself surprisingly turned on by the way her muscles rippled underneath her tank top as she swung the axe), climbing trees, camp fires, and so on.

But on the fourth day…

They were wandering through the woods, steadily sipping water, inspecting the property for good places to pee. This was with both of them in mind, since both of them wanted to experiment again with Meagan aiming Parker’s stream. They’d come up with an interesting list—out of a tree, in the little brook, wedged between two rocks—but they’d only done one for Parker and were waiting on Meagan to get desperate.

“I need to go,” she said, “I just don’t need to go really bad. And I think you probably want me to need to go bad.”

“Always.”

So they were killing time in the woods when they heard a roll of thunder.

“Let’s go up to the treehouse and see if we can spot the storm,” Meagan said.

By the time they got to the bottom of the hill, however, they’d heard a lot more thunder and seen some lightning flashes—and by the time they got up to the treehouse it was clear that the storm was coming at them pretty darn fast.

“That’s so pretty,” Meagan said, as lightning lit up the oncoming anvil-clouds, “but we should get down. A treehouse on the top of a hill isn’t the smartest place to be in a thunderstorm.”

They hurried down the hill toward the cabin, but just in those few minutes the sky grew dark and they felt the first drops of rain.

As they came into sight of the cabin the rain began, with another long roll of thunder that seemed like it was just behind them. They sprinted the rest of the way—Meagan making small exasperated noises with each bounce of her bladder—and skidded to a stop at the door. Parker put out a hand to open it, but:

“It’s locked,” he said.

“Locked?” Meagan said. “I didn’t lock it.”

“Neither did I. At least I don’t think I did.”

Meagan looked around. “Weeeirrd… well, let’s get the key and get inside, I’m getting soaked.”

But there was no key in the hiding place.

“Is it time to freak out now?” Parker said. “’Cause I’m starting to freak out.”

“Yes, it seriously is,” Meagan said. “There’s someone here.”

Lightning crackled overhead, and thunder followed right after it.

“Okay, I’m not happy about this,” Parker said. “This is getting way too creepy.”

“I’m not happy either,” Meagan growled through the downpour, “but mostly I’m angry. Someone’s poking around on our land! Messing around with our stuff! Locking me out and getting me soaking wet! I am so gonna strangle someone for this. And besides,” she added, “the rain’s making me need to pee way more. I just wanna have some fun with you, not have to deal with this shit…

“Mmmmmmmmmmmkay,” she ground out. “Let’s go down to the car and wait out the storm. Then we can see about breaking into the cabin and getting our stuff.”

Parker was about to jog down the hill, but Meagan grabbed his hand. “I can’t run right now, I’m too full,” she said, “and you’re definitely not leaving me by myself.”

“Oh hell no,” Parker said. “I wanna stick with you.”

“And be my protector?”

“Actually, I was hoping that you were gonna protect me.”

“Smart boy. Not exactly chivalrous, just smart.”

They were halfway down the path when Meagan said, “Oh, shit.”

“What?”

“Look.”

There was a battered old pickup truck parked next to Meagan’s car, its bed boxed in with wood and filled with all kinds of metal junk. It had no license plate on the front end, and the window was cracked.

“Whose truck is that?” Parker said.

“No idea,” Meagan said, taking his hand, “but whoever owns it is down there right now.”

And as she spoke, a figure came into view, inspecting Meagan’s car. In the dark and downpour it was hard to tell anything about the person other than they were wearing a black rain slicker. As they watched, the person opened the passenger side door and started poking around.

There was another flash of lightning, thunder hard on its heels. And in the flash, they could see into the cab of the truck. A long jagged saw was propped up on the seat.

“I really don’t want to go down there right now,” Parker said in a whisper.

“Me neither,” Meagan whispered back. “Let’s get back to the cabin. Right now. Before they see us…”

“Uh-huh…”

They walked backward for a few steps, then turned and hurried back. After a few strides Meagan froze in the way she often did when she really needed to squeeze back her pee. Then she shook it off and kept going. Parker was far too unnerved to get turned on by this. They were clinging to each other’s hands now, gripping hard.

As they came around the bend in the path and saw the cabin ahead of them, the lightning flashed again, an enormous double stroke that seemed to graze the hilltop. The thunder didn’t so much roll as it ripped the sky apart. And in the flash they saw a tall broad figure, wearing a rain slicker, an axe resting across its shoulders, striding down the path straight toward them just a few yards away…

Meagan jerked like she’d been hit; her hand spasmed around Parker’s, nearly crushing his fingers. In the same instant, someone screamed. Parker realized a moment later it had been him.

“Who’s there?” came a gruff voice.

Meagan started again. “Mr. Carlson? Is that you?”

“Yeah, that’s me. But who are you?”

“Zeb Carlson, goddammit, you scared me so much I pissed my pants,” Meagan yelled, and Parker found himself suddenly glad to hear the anger in her voice again. “What the fuck are you doin’ creepin’ round my family’s land? With an axe?”

“Ms. Meagan?”

“Yeah, damn right it’s Meagan!”

“Aw, I’m sorry, Ms. Meagan, I didn’t know you were coming up! Me and Jim saw smoke this morning and thought we’d better check it out. We thought your uncle mighta had squatters or something. We didn’t recognize your car, so I came up, checked out the cabin, and locked it up… I’m glad I don’t have to call the sheriff, at least…”

“You didn’t recognize my car? The one with the Camp Graham sticker in the back window?”

“I guess I missed that,” Carlson said sheepishly.

“Well, next time, look closer!” Meagan said. “You got me standing in the rain completely soaked. Gimme the keys to my goddamn cabin!”

Just then another slicker-clad figure came squelching up the path behind them. “It’s okay, Zeb!” called a lighter male voice. “It’s Meagan’s car!”

“No shit, Sherlock!” Meagan yelled back, turning to face the new arrival and spreading her hands in exasperation.

“Uh, hi, Meagan…”

“Zeb, Luke… both of you, just get off my land. Or do you want me to tell my uncle that you came pokin’ around when you really didn’t need to, locked me out of my cabin in a fuckin’ thunderstorm, and then spooked me so bad I pissed myself? And that I caught you sneakin’ looks at my boobs?”

“Ms. Meagan, I never…!” Zeb said.

“Luke sure has! Both of you, get out of here.” She folded her arms and glowered. “Get!”

“I’m goin’, I’m goin’,” Zeb muttered and hurried past.

“And gimme my goddamn keys!”

Finally she glared them back down the path, into their truck, and down the driveway. When the headlights swung away and into the rain, Meagan sighed with relief. “God, I’m glad that worked,” she said.

“What, you think they wouldn’t have left?” Parker asked.

“No, they would have, they’ve known me for years. But I think they probably would have told my uncle about what happened, even as a joke… and they would have mentioned you. My uncle doesn’t know you’re up here. He definitely doesn’t know you’re a boy, let alone a boyfriend. I don’t think he’d approve.”

“So how does yelling at those two help?”

“I hope I’ve embarrassed them so much they won’t even mention it to him.” She thrust her fingers into her rain-flattened hair. “God. I hope so. I’m glad I made up that bit about them peeking at my boobs…”

“You made it up?”

“Probably, but as soon as I said something, they definitely looked. Both of them. Totally involuntary. And I’m looking like a one-girl wet t-shirt contest over here—no bra, even—and so they’ll feel guilty about it.”

“You came up with all of that on the fly? You are amazing.”

“I’ve got a little too much practice manhandling sex-crazed dudes, I guess.”

She was shivering now, and Parker wrapped his arms around her.

“You’d win, by the way.”

“Win what?”

“The wet t-shirt contest.”

She laughed, short and barking and still-tense.

“And not just for the boobs, though they help,” he said, running his hands over them. “You were phenomenal, how you handled them. I loved seeing you just blow ‘em away. Though I hope I never see you that angry at me… again…”

“I’m glad my righteous wrath is a turn-on, lover, but I am so not in the mood for sex right now. I’m fuckin’ cold and wet and shaky and I still gotta pee.”

“Did you really pee your pants? Or did you make that up, too?”

“No, that’s true. At least a little.”

“Just go in your pants, then. They’re soaked already, might as well.”

“This is gonna turn you on, isn’t it?”

“Maybe? Not really my thing. I just want you to be more comfortable. To relax.”

“Well, that’ll happen when we get inside and get changed,” she muttered. Then she added, “But—what the hell.” She spread her legs.

“Are you going?”

“Yup. Can’t tell?”

“Not really. You’re too wet.”

“Hmm… this is nice and warm, actually…”

“Do you like it?”

“Let’s say it’s an upgrade at the moment. But now I really wanna to get inside.”

With the regained key, they scrambled into the cabin. Meagan immediately began stripping. It was not really intended to be seductive, but Parker was still not used to seeing her naked again, and ignored his own soaking clothes as he watched. She’d peeled off her t-shirt and pants before she noticed this. “You should get undressed, too,” she said, shivering a bit.

“I can’t help it. I love watching you.”

“Gosh, thanks. Now I know you’ve got a sexual interest in drowned rats,” she said sourly.

He said nothing at this rebuke, and did as he’d been told, stripping down in turn.

Meagan sighed. “I’m sorry, hon. I am just not feeling at all sexy right now, and I’m still kinda angry. And frustrated. And scared.”

“Scared?”

“If Jeb and Luke do tell Uncle Frank that you were here… well, I might not be able to come back to school. He might stop paying his part of my tuition. He’s never been totally happy with my taste in colleges, and if he decided I was ‘screwing around’ instead of studying… I mean, as far as he knows, I’m a virgin. So yeah. I’m scared.”

They were both naked by now, but still soaked and shivering. Parker stepped up behind Meagan and wrapped her in his arms. She leaned back against him, but didn’t quite relax. Parker resolutely tried to ignore how marvelous she felt in his arms, to keep from getting hard.

“Sorry,” Meagan said again. “I just… I’m not ready for this.”

“For what?”

“For getting in trouble with Uncle Frank.”

“Do you want us to take a break?”

“From what?”

“The relationship.”

“What? No! Fuck no! …But I’m scared. If I can’t come back to school… I think I’d lose you.” She gritted her teeth. “And I’d be stuck depending on my family.”

“It really bothers you, huh?”

“It’s why I’m working so hard at school. That diploma is my ticket out… I can’t let anything get in the way of that…”

“Even me,” Parker said.

“Don’t say that.”

“Oh, I’m not mad. It makes perfect sense. I don’t want to be in your way, so you tell me if I ever am. I guess I want you to get graduated just as much as you do. And I guess I’m scared now, too.”

They huddled, naked and still dripping, for another moment.

Then:

“So it’s a good thing you pissed your pants, huh?”

“Say what?”

“To embarrass those guys. Good thing?”

“Heh. Maybe. I hope. Kinda funny to us, I guess… did it turn you on? Just for curiosity’s sake.”

“Um, I was a little too freaked out still, and it was kinda hard to see what was going on. And I’m guessing it didn’t do anything for you?”

“It warmed me up pretty good when I pissed again on purpose, but I can’t see much other point to it unless you like it. I can’t say I liked the feeling when I leaked like that. Embarrassing, even if nobody could really tell. I guess I have a thing about being out of control. Or under someone else’s control. And can we continue this conversation while we get dried?”

“Oh, sure. Sorry.” He let go of her and they found their towels. They took turns rubbing each other down. As Parker dried Meagan’s legs, he asked the question that was suddenly on his mind.

“Does it bother you when I ask you to hold it, then? Being under my control?”

Meagan looked down at him. “That still worries you a lot, huh?”

“I guess I’m still kind of blown away that you let me do this.”

“’Kay. I don’t let you do this. I love doing it. I love it because it gives me some control over you. You know that. Or we wouldn’t have been doing it so dang often. Like, half an hour ago, before this storm hit.”

“Oh. Yeah.”

“Besides, I kind of like the feeling of winning out over my bladder like that. I’m in control of that part. And of course it feels great to let go after a long time holding it—and it feels so awesome having sex with you when I gotta go. Or have you already forgotten yesterday?”

“Guess I did.”

Megan reached down and pulled him to his feet. “I’m not gonna do it every day. I’m not gonna always want to do it. Some days I just wanna have sex. Or play around with you my way. Or not have sex at all. But this is the great part about enthusiastic consent, hon. When I hold it for you, it’s not a pain or a hassle or a chore for me, and I’m not doing it because I want a favor or I owe you something or because I feel like I ought to. I get desperate for you because I want to get that way, right then. Nothing more, nothing less. So no guilt for you, no grief, no second-guessing! Just enjoy it!”

“Mmkay. I will.”

“But right now I want to get into bed with you.”

“Thought you didn’t want sex right now.”

“I still don’t. I want to literally get into bed and cuddle under the covers until we’ve warmed up again.”

“Well, cuddles are good too.”

She grinned and kissed him. “Damn right, they are.” She kept grinning. “And tomorrow… well, we’ll see!”

###

Hope you enjoyed it. I thought I'd do a little exploring of what would push Meagan over the limit, and I'd never written a fear wetting before.

Next time, Meagan will also hit her limit, but in a totally different way. One word: traffic.

(Quick plug: remember that if you'd like all the "Season One" stories collected in one place, with a couple bonus stories thrown in, PM me!)

*007*2018-03-03 02:14

Thanks for all the kind words, everybody! Honestly, it's really nice knowing there are people out there who enjoy my work. I spend a lot of time with people who don't particularly want to listen to me, so this is... well, it's just really refreshing.

{{On 2/25/2018 at 10:11 AM, Ondinist said:

Megan sounds like my kind of girl! Hope she gets a liking for wetting as well as for holding.

}}

I hate to disappoint a fan, but: probably not. I'm really not into the wetting part so much as the desperation; wetting is often proof of how severe the desperation was, but that's all that appeals to me. And since Parker likes what I likes...

Plus, as Meagan says, she hates being out of control. If Parker were more of a wetting fetishist, however, I'm sure Meagan would wet for him... at times and places of her own choosing!

Despite all that, I do have at least one more wetting story planned for Meagan. It'll be some time yet, I'm afraid, but it's in my outline.

(Have I mentioned that I have an outline? With stories planned through the end of Meagan's senior year? We're just starting her junior year so that's two "seasons" of this story, if you will. A long road ahead! I can say that now because I'm no longer trying to keep y'all in suspense if they'll break up or not...)

{{On 2/27/2018 at 8:39 PM, Aquarius_Air said:

I really like this chapter specifically!! I finally got an account to reply to people and write my own, Burt I have been reading on here for awhile.

}}

Signing up just to comment? Now that's praise. I appreciate it.

I'm gonna have to leave you in suspense for a little longer, my friends, because I want to keep a bit of a buffer, and I'm down to just one story to post here. I'll try to get that up next week sometime, ideally after I've begun the next story after that, which is going to be bigger. Quite a lot bigger, really.

But if you're truly desperate (heh) for more Meagan & Parker, I do have their earlier adventures packaged up as a PDF. I feel like a pest (or worse, a Facebook ad) when I keep talking it up, but I did put a lot of work into making it all nice and tidy and I'd hate for it to just sit there unread.

*010*2018-03-12 04:25

{{On 3/3/2018 at 5:09 AM, BB1BBB said:

Probably the biggest problem with the PDF is that - if stories are still being planned and written, I think everyone would like the complete box-set when it's finished. I'd have no problem throwing you a few bucks for the Meagan-Parker chronicles, but it would be best to wait until they're finished.

}}

Could take a few years, is all, especially at my rate of posting (he says, responding to a post from nine days ago). But I take your point. I guess my only response to that is that I was planning on releasing a trilogy, and I'm advertising Volume 1; I don't see it changing much when I get the others together.

{{On 3/3/2018 at 11:55 AM, insomea said:

I've been reading stories everyday for the last 14 years. This story ties for the best series I've ever read

}}

Wow. I'm truly honored by that.

(And who am I tied with?)

February was a brutal month at work, folks, and March hasn't been much better so far. I do have another story coming along but it's all taking more time than I'd thought... Thanks for your patience.

*012*2018-03-28 02:04

Well, I wanted a classic horror-movie scare wetting, but my characters don't exist in a horror-movie universe. (And even if they did, it would be the one that shares a title with this chapter.) So it had to be a fake-out... nothing else would do.

Of course, Meagan has a very good and very real reason to be scared in another way....

