Looking for ideas for Bonniebanbonni

Author: Wildagram

*000*2022-01-11 03:20

Okay, so basically my best friend Bonniebanbonni is doing omorashi fanfictions on Fanfiction.net and I'm helping her trying to find some ideas. But I need suggestions from you guys. A nice guy named my hero omo suggested some ideas. But there has to be more down the line.

So let's hear some ideas. One condition,

It has to be omorashi related and nothing else. And mostly these fanfictions will be on Fanfiction.net not here. Sorry. But we'll still happy to hear some ideas.

*002*2022-01-11 04:03

{{2 minutes ago, NotGraeme said:

I've always been fascinated by the "needs to pee but is for whatever reason unable to find a bathroom" trope. It may be unoriginal, but there's a reason so many people like it (I think).

}}

This is a good suggestion.

*004*2022-01-11 09:11

{{1 hour ago, LifeIsStrange said:

If your friend is into anime I wouldn't mind a story where Tea Gardner from Yu-Gi-Oh is desperate to pee while captured by Marik.

BTW what is your friends profile on FF?

}}

That can work and yes she has a profile on Fanfiction.net. But she did say in my personal messages that you can voice your ideas on here in her personal messages. Her profile on here is Bonniebanbonni

*005*2022-01-11 09:17

Alright then, here's her commission. It's a copy a paste from my personal messages with her. Here it is:

Commission Rules

1 They can only pick one characters in The Omorashiville Series

2 They can pick there characters ether peeing messing or diaper peeing or messing

3 They can what panties the characters panties kind color and style

4 they pick any situation the characters will be in

*007*2022-01-11 20:54

{{11 hours ago, Rob Lucci said:

Hello

He likes one piece?

What is its name fanfiction.net?

}}

I don't know if she does because she doesn't know Yugioh. And do you mean the name of the story or her name on Fanfiction.net

*010*2022-01-12 04:25

{{4 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

What shows is she familiar with?

}}

I think mostly cartoons and she knows some of my pokemon omorashi posts. It's mostly because I put the name of pokemon in the title.

*012*2022-01-12 05:52

{{53 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Would you mind asking her what cartoons she is familiar with?

}}

Okay.

{{55 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Would you mind asking her what cartoons she is familiar with?

}}

Alright, just waiting for her to respond.

*014*2022-01-12 18:43

{{4 hours ago, My hero omo said:

Yeah that will be a good idea

}}

Yeah, she still hasn't responded. Usually takes her awhile.

*015*2022-01-14 00:47

{{On 1/11/2022 at 11:58 PM, LifeIsStrange said:

Would you mind asking her what cartoons she is familiar with?

}}

Sorry for the wait, here's the shows she knows:

CN Jonny Bravo the powerpuff girls Ben 10 Steven Universe

Nickaloadin Invader Zim My Life As A Teenage Robot Loud House

Disney Kim Possible Star and the forces of evil Brandy and Whiskers (idk) and Phineas and Fer

*017*2022-01-14 07:37

{{5 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Ah OK, could you ask her if she could write a Phineas and Ferb story where Candace is desperate to pee but can't due to Vanessa kidnapping her for fun?

}}

Okay. Give me a minute.

