Desperation between teaching aids

Author: wether

*000*2025-03-26 09:29

This is another story I've been thinking about for some years, finally finished with some help from AI. Inspired by the real events - indeed I was in a teaching aids store with a female collegue cleaning things up - but her desperation is a fiction. Maybe the real Kate needed to pee too, but was too shy to mention it to me?

When I was a student, I came down with a nasty flu. Fever, chills, headache – the full package. For over a week, I didn’t leave my bed, and university classes were the last thing on my mind. When I finally recovered and showed up at school, it turned out I walked right into a test. Luckily, since I’d missed the previous classes, I had the right to skip it that day. Kate – a short, rather plain-looking groupmate with long hair and always wearing big glasses, someone I didn’t really know well – was in the same situation. Truth be told, there were other prettier and livelier girls in the group, so Kate never particularly caught my attention.

The lecturer, seeing that neither of us was taking the test, didn’t want us sitting around idly.

– I’ve got a task for you – he said, pointing to the storeroom door. – Tidy up the supply room with the teaching aids. The test will take two hours, so you’ll be locked in there to avoid interruptions – and to make sure you don’t take anything – he added with a slight smile.

The storeroom turned out to be a small, cluttered space that looked like it hadn’t been cleaned in years. The walls were gray, with cobwebs hanging in the corners, and the only window – small and dusty – let in barely any light. Metal shelves were piled high with old CRT monitors in yellowed casings, tangled cables, beat-up keyboards, and bits of computer guts – motherboards, power supplies, hard drives. In one corner, there was a stack of cardboard boxes with oddities sticking out: a plastic toy sword with a broken tip, pieces of a skeleton – probably an anatomical model – and some unidentified gadgets with blinking LEDs. Under one wall sat a small, cracked sink, as if someone had once tried to install it but gave up halfway. The air smelled of dust and old plastic.

– So, how do we split this? – asked Kate, scanning the mess.

– How about you take the lower shelves, and I’ll do the higher ones? – I suggested. – I’m taller, so it’ll be easier for me.

– Fine, that works – she replied, shrugging. – But let’s start from opposite sides, okay? You from the right, me from the left, so we don’t crash into each other halfway.

– Good point – I chuckled. – Otherwise, you might get in my way while I’m hauling a monitor, and we’ll both end up on the floor.

– Yeah, better not risk it – she muttered, giving a faint smile.

We worked for about an hour, barely talking. There wasn’t much to say – we only knew each other in passing. I stacked the heavy monitors on the upper shelves while she sorted cables and smaller junk below. Finally, when the dust started getting up my nose, I said:

– Alright, Kate, let’s take a break. I’m done with this dust.

– Agreed – she said, brushing off her hands. – But seriously, what happened here to make it such a mess?

– Maybe some science experiments went wrong – I joked, grabbing the plastic sword. – Look, Kate, they must teach how to chop heads off with a sword here! – I swung it dramatically toward the skeleton.

– Stop it, don’t make me laugh, I need to pee! – Kate burst out laughing.

– Oh, that’s bad news – I said, putting the sword down. – You won’t find a bathroom in here.

– Yeah, I can see that – she mumbled, looking around. – Are the doors locked?

– I’ll check – I said and tugged at the handle. – Yup, not budging. We’re trapped.

After about fifteen minutes, Kate started fidgeting.

– Figure something out – she said quietly, sounding embarrassed. – I really need to go, or I’ll wet myself soon. – She squeezed her thighs together and pressed her hands to her abdomen, as if that would help.

– Uh, I don’t know – I replied, glancing around the room. – There’s nothing here. Unless… you’re gonna pee out the window? – I joked, pointing at the dusty pane.

– Don’t joke! – she snapped. – It’s not funny, this is about to be a disaster.

– Hmm, okay, let’s think – I muttered. – Maybe there’s a bottle somewhere?

– Easy for you to say – she sighed. – You’d manage, but me? I’d just make a puddle on the floor.

– Wait, look! – I said, spotting the old sink in the corner. – What about this?

– But how am I supposed to… – she started, frowning. – It’s too high!

– I’ll grab a chair – I said, dragging a rusty one from under the shelf. – There, that should do it.

Kate climbed onto the chair, but it wobbled under her.

– Oh crap! – she yelped, grabbing my arm. – Now what? How am I supposed to… pee… with you here?

– I’ll turn around – I said, heading toward the window. – I’ll check out the view.

– Don’t look… please… – she whispered, and soon I heard the rustle of her clothes.

– Nope, not happening – she sighed after a moment. – I can’t do it like this, I’m scared I’ll fall.

I turned back – she was standing shakily, a bit bent over, holding her unbuttoned pants with one hand.

– I’ll hold you – I offered. – Just stick your butt out over the sink, and it’ll be fine.

– I’m embarrassed – she mumbled, blushing. – God, I can’t hold it anymore, help me!

I grabbed her by the shoulders, and she slid down her pants and underwear, finally starting to pee. I tried looking aside at the dusty boxes, but I couldn’t help catching a glimpse out of the corner of my eye.

– Phew – she exhaled in relief when she finished, standing up and fastening her pants. – Did you get a good look?

– No, uh, nothing… well, maybe almost nothing – I stammered, feeling my own face heat up. – But only because I was trying to help!

– Alright, thanks – she said with a crooked smile. – But if you breathe a word of this to anyone, I’ll track you down and bash you with that sword. This stays our secret!

– Deal, silent as the grave. I’ll be quiet like that skeleton – I promised, raising my hands. – No one will know.

And I’ve kept my word – to this day.

