Halo Omorashi

Author: Wettingfan

*000*2012-11-09 03:19

Being a SPARTAN IV was one of the most prestigious jobs a human could ever get. Being a SPARTAN meant you were top of the line, the best of the best, what humanity would use when everything else failed. So why, oh why, was I, Sarah Palmer, commanding a brigade of SPARTAN's meant for nothing but pure killing, but being used as a defensive tactic? Sometimes I wondered about the chain of command. Didn't make much sense. I remember when I had been assigned to the naval ship, the UNSC Infinity, and how hard it was to believe that after months and years of training, I was finally going to do something worth while.

I liked the sound it.

I woke up.

It was earlier than usual for most, but atleast I had a head start. It was more of a formal day, so no armor. I quickly dressed in to my naval attire and reported began my long way to the bridge to report to the Captain, like every single morning. I didn't really do much in the morning, no eating, no bathroom, no anything besides go to the bridge, unless it was a day where I'd have to go groundside or report for War Games.

Usually I didn't really ever have to use the bathroom, after the SPARTAN Augumentation, the human excretory system was strengthened. So, needing to pee was kind of a strange feeling to me. It felt like something down there was tingling. The SPARTAN IV armor was somewhat weird with the bathroom system. Sometimes it would work like a diaper, sometimes you'd feel it flow down your legs. She had noticed it did leave a spot on the armor. It was awkward, but atleast you could tell who couldn't hold it. I smiled to myself slighty, still on my fifteen minute walk to the bridge when I noticed that tingle " down there ". Damn, had to pee. I continued my walk. I could hold it.

My walk soon ended as I approached the bridge, saluting and greeting the commander, trying to hold in my liquids. Why did I have to pee? What had I dran- Suddenly, I remembered the two water bottles I had gulped down before going to sleep last night. Dammit. Captain Del Rio noticed something was wrong with me. I could sense it. Immmediately he asked, " Is something wrong, Commander Palmer? " to which I replied, " No, sir. Just need to use the washroom, sir. " I really wasn't one for lying. Del Rio nodded and walked away. No orders? I guess that meant I had the day off. I began my decent back to my room, which was about a ten minute walk to the bathroom. About five minutes in, I realized how desperate I really was and began crossing my legs. My orange hair draped infront of my face as I bended, and I quickly pushed it aside. Oh, it was going to be a long day.

Finally I made it back to my room, but I was too desperate to stop there, I bolted for the washroom. Almost the minute I approached the automatic door, a drill bell went off. Dammit. I looked down, my bladder wasn't really bulging, but I knew how full it was. When a drill bell went off, that meant all SPARTAN's were to report to the area where their armor was put on by a machine. I bolted fast, maybe the diaper - like material would work and I could just pee in my armor. I ran into the large room (( If you've beaten Halo 4, I believe this is similar to the area where Master Chief had his armor taken off, also note that I don't know the full process of how SPARTAN armor is applied, so this is fiction, my best guess at how it is done )) and went to my armor station.

Two men in white-scientist looking coats came up and told me to take my formal off. Quickly, I did, praying to get into my armor fast. I stepped into the circular device that stretched out the human body. My bladder could hardly take this. I saw a few drips emerge from my standard issue military underwear. Oh God. My face was beaming red. The five minute process of armor assembly finally ended, and the machine dropped me down. The impact was almost enough to break my terrible bladder. I needed to find a private place, in case this didn't work out. Incase it went down my suit. I would never live it down. " Commander Palmer peed herself! ", " The super soldier with a not - so - super bladder! ". Just the thought made me blush as I approached the bathroom. I had places to be, but this was more important. I NEEDED TO PEE.

I quickly rushed into the girls bathroom that was by the large chamber containing the SPARTAN armor assembly machines. Thats when I realized I could not hold it. I felt it flow into my military underwear, then down my legs. The suit - diaper was practically useless. I could feel all of the gushing warmth on my crotch, on my legs and pool inside my SPARTAN boots. Quickly, the warm urine found creases to escape out of, causing a puddle to emerge beneath me. On the some-what thick suit of kevlar like material for an undersuit, there was damp patches in a few weakly guard areas. I wanted to cy. But if I had peed myself, and cried, I'd never live this down.

So, pee wasn't th only thing I'd had to hold in.

