Realism? What Realism?

Author: Weasel

*000*2021-09-11 05:11

So I generally write stories with a lot of realism. Despite my best efforts, they almost inevitably end up involving lots of character growth and personal development. I also like to sprinkle in a few life lessons now and again, things I'd wish I'd known earlier in life. Y'know, as a public service.

This story has none of those things.

It also has fewer descriptions than usual: fill in your own preferred details.

It still has a lot of desperation and sex.

Enjoy!

###

Sonia woke up gradually, feeling the delightfully warm sun on her skin and the delightfully full pressure of her bladder. She sat up and stretched, feeling very much refreshed after her poolside. She’d risen late, breakfasted on a delicious smoothie, taken care of some chores, put up some posts on social media for her fans, worked out, taken a light lunch, and then enjoyed a swim in the pool—all without once peeing. And of course she hadn’t peed before bed last night, either. All of today’s pee, and quite a lot of yesterday’s, was clamoring for release. But she could hold it—until she had release of a different kind.

She texted Alex.

Hey lover. I *really* need to pee. But I want you first.

Alex didn’t disappoint, quickly texting back: What are you wearing?

Sonia posed herself in her bikini in the pool chair and snapped a picture: tiny bikini straining over perfect breasts and hips and ass and crossed legs, every curve of her body revealed. Including the one where her bladder was bulging. She sent the picture on its way.

Perfect, keep that on, Alex texted back.

Then, a minute later, several texts came in, one after another:

1) don’t pee until you cum

2) don’t cum until I make you cum

3) if you want me, come and catch me

Sonia puzzled about that until she cocked her head at an unexpected noise: the garage opening. And then she heard the sports car’s engine revving.

“Oh, shit!” she shouted, and ran for the door, barely remembering to take her phone.

As Sonia flung herself through the empty mansion, she had to smile at her lover’s perversity. Sonia had deliberately cleared the house and the calendar for pee games this afternoon, sending the staff home early, and what did Alex do? Move the venue!

As Sonia reached the garage, she was Alex flash her a cheerful smile—and then peel out down the driveway.

Sonia stamped her foot with rage and desperation and delight all at once. Where was her lover going? And could she hold her pee until she caught up?

Of course she could. She was, after all, extremely skilled at holding. It was sometimes an asset in her line of work; it was always an asset in bed, considering her own turn-ons and Alex’s remarkably complementary ones.

Now, how to pursue? Neither SUV would never catch the sports car.

But the motorcycle would. And Alex had even gotten her helmet out for her.

More perversity. Sonia knew just how much pressure the throbbing engine of her bike would put on her bladder. And Alex knew it too, from a few delightful occasions. Sonia ran to the bike and started pulling on her riding clothes. She’d ridden the bike wearing a bikini a few times, but she wasn’t about to do that today—not when she needed to move quickly along major highways.

Alex had left a note on Sonia’s riding jacket: Meet me at the marina.

Sonia chuckled as she wriggled into her tight leather riding pants and zipped the jacket up over her bikini top. No need for the note; she’d figured that out from Alex telling her to leave the bikini on. She slipped her bare feet straight into the boots and swung her leg over the bike.

Okay. The pants were tight and her legs were slightly spread. No help for holding her pee except grinding her crotch into the motorcycle’s saddle. Which of course was about to be humming like a vibrator.

This was going to be a fun ride.

She tore out of the garage and down the driveway, following the path her lover had taken a few moments before. At first she had to maneuver through traffic and couldn’t really go full speed. Then she hit the on-ramp and opened the throttle. There was traffic, of course, but Sonia was a skilled rider. Specifically a skilled rider who really, really needed to pee. She wove through traffic in a hurry, trying to ignore the thrumming of the bike between her legs, trying to ignore the screaming pressure of more than twenty-four hours of accumulated pee. She split lanes, passed right or left, and never went less than fifteen over the limit. If she got pulled over by a cop, a little grin and a little skin would take care of a possible ticket. Or maybe it wouldn’t, and the “speed demon” publicity would be good for her online image. Or no cop would catch her—could catch her—and she’d shave a few minutes off the trip to the marina. Win-win.

Oh, but she had to GO!

She had no choice: if she wanted to avoid peeing in her riding gear, she had to press her pee-hole right down into the saddle. Which she was almost doing already, since she was bent forward over the handlebars to increase her speed. But that meant that the vibrations were landing on her clit, too. She was getting wetter and wetter, she knew—but not a bit from piss. Every single bump in the concrete went straight to her bladder, however. It might not be long.

But then the highway ended, dumping her onto the surface streets near the beaches and marinas. She had to slow down, which eased the vibrations and some of the bumping, even as it delayed her. But she was at least getting close.

She parked the bike at the marina—and realized she didn’t have a key to the marina’s gate on her. In fact she didn’t even have her driver’s license! Okay, so a little grin and a little skin wouldn’t have gotten her out of a ticket after all… but maybe it could get her through the gate. She pulled off her helmet, letting her gorgeous hair fall loose, as she strode for the gate.

(Of course she could text Alex. But that would be admitting defeat in the chase.)

Sonia was in luck. She was instantly recognized by some of the marina regulars—and whether or not Sonia belonged on these particular docks, they weren’t about to leave her standing on the far side of the gate. A quick selfie with a star-struck fan—aiming the phone to avoid her crossed legs—and Sonia was in and on her way, blowing an apologetic kiss back over her shoulder.

And then, for the second time today, she saw Alex heading off without her—this time in the speedboat.

Honestly, she should have expected that…

She ran to their slip. Why yes, Alex was still leaving breadcrumbs for her: one of the Jet-Skis was ready and waiting, key in the ignition, and another note: Follow the sun. But Sonia couldn’t pilot a Jet-Ski in her motorcycle pants. So: time to strip down. If those fans were still watching, they were about to get a huge treat. Boots off. Then the jacket—replacing it with the lifejacket. (Trying not to wriggle or squirm too much. She could bite her lip, though, or curse quietly.) Then she unzipped the leather pants and peeled them off. That was a relief of pressure on her bladder, but of course dropping pants was also an instinctual trigger. (More quiet cursing.) Still quite conscious of the possibility she was being fan-filmed, she ruthlessly suppressed the sudden urge to pee. (“Shit, I gotta go so bad.”) Then she swung her bare leg over the Jet-Ski—

And just about flooded the saddle.

Fans be damned, she had to grab herself. It was that or lose just about a day’s worth of pee right then and there—and all the sexual tension it was helping build up. One-handed, she fired up the Jet-Ski and coaxed it gently away from the dock.

Taxiing through the marina at a safe pace was hard. Alex had had to do the same, though, so at least the lead wasn’t insurmountable.

Then Sonia escaped from the piers and pilings, got her bearings, and tore off through the water, following the shimmering golden trail the sun was leaving for her on the water. And trying not to leave a shimmering golden trail of her own.

It was the motorcycle all over again: the vibration, the impact. Except of course now she was surrounded by so much water. And the Jet-Ski was fountaining a plume of water out the back at all times. She was now cursing and gasping with the effort of holding. It wouldn’t be long before she’d be fountaining a plume of her own.

And where was Alex? Sonia could see several boats out on the water on this lazy afternoon, but which was theirs? She really couldn’t hold it much longer; she was steering with one hand now, which wasn’t safe in the slightest, with the other hand clamped between her legs. She couldn’t resist fingering herself a little, which of course was even more distracting and even less safe. Her bikini bottom was definitely wet, and it probably wasn’t from the sea. It definitely wasn’t from the pee, or she wouldn’t be so incredibly bursting.

Finally, in double desperation, she pulled her phone from the pocket of the lifejacket. She had to let go of her crotch to dial. “Where are you?” she yelled into the phone over the roar of the engine.

“I can see you,” Alex replied calmly. “You’re heading in the right direction—but catch me if you can!”

“Of course I can catch you, once I can see you!”

“I’m waving to you. Yoo-hoo!”

Sonia scanned the horizon. There! Silhouetted against the glare of the sun’s path. “Oh, fuck you. How’d you get so far out?”

“Don’t waste time talking.”

“You’re telling me not to waste time? I’m about to explode! I can’t even tell you how bad I have to go!”

“Then you’d better hurry!”

She hung up, pocketed the phone, and poured on every bit of speed she could.

By the time she caught up, she was panting with the effort of holding, and moaning from her oncoming orgasm. The effort of holding off both, while straddling a Jet-Ski going full speed, was almost too much for her. She throttled back to match Alex’s speed, then screamed at her lover, “You better stop right now.”

“Why?”

“Because I’m about to fucking piss myself!”

"Don’t do that! Not until we’ve fucked!” Alex called—and killed the boat’s engine.

It took a moment for Sonia to kill her own momentum and swing back around. Alex threw her a line with a loop tied on the end, and Sonia tightened the loop around the Jet-Ski’s handlebars while Alex hauled the two watercraft closer together. Then, incredibly unsteady, incredibly horny and bursting all at once, she almost fell into the water. She fell into the boat instead—and into Alex’s arms.

Sonia was quivering. “Lover,” she said, “please, I have to pee so incredibly badly. But I gotta– I-I’m bursting—I gotta cum first. And I can’t fit—oh my god—fit anything inside me bigger than your finger.”

Alex kissed her. “You are so beautiful. And sexy. And amazing.”

“Stop complimenting me and fuck me!”

Alex bent her over the boat’s transom, fondling her ass and up her hips, then unzipped the lifejacket to get at her boobs. Sonia almost swore at her lover for wasting time, but then Alex undid her bikini top and found both nipples and waves of pleasure shot through her. But the real action was down below. Sonia was scissoring her legs, almost fast enough to burn. Squirming and bucking, trying to hold on a few moments more. There was no way Alex could get the bikini bottom off by pulling down (“Please hurrry, please, I gotta go so bad…”). Instead skillful fingers undid the knots on either side, and the tiny flap of fabric fell away from Sonia’s loins. (“Aw, fuck, yes!”) The bikini bottom was still suspended from her legs, squeezed so tight they were about to glue themselves together, but the way was open. (“Please, fuck me now, I'm bursting, it's so bad…”) Alex slid a finger into Sonia a moment later—gradually, carefully—while kissing Sonia’s hips and thighs and occasionally boobs.

“Faster, faster!” Sonia cried out. “I’m gonna—I’m gonna burst! Oh, holy fuck, I can’t wait, go faster!”

And of course Alex slowed down, crooking that all-important finger against Sonia’s clit from the inside…

“Oh fuck, I’m cumming, I’m cumming, I’M GONNA EXPLODEEE!!!”

And she did. Every part of her was shaking and quaking with the twin pleasures of finger and pressure. Her legs jerked with her orgasm, no longer holding the flood back. Her pee pulsed in time with the waves of her climax, as the contractions pounded through her: squeezing—tightening, squeezing, tightening—and the blasts of piss went rocketing over the boat’s far side. Then, as all her muscles went slack in absolute bliss, a firehose stream went thundering out. With Sonia bent over, the firehose was aimed straight back, and also cleared the boat’s far side.

Alex held out a hand to feel the pressure—and jerked it back with a gleeful laugh at the resulting huge splatter.

“Fuck, fuck, that feels so good, oh Alex I’m in paradise, this is so amazing—fuck me, I still gotta go, but it feels so much better—”

Finally Sonia’s stream began to subside—falling back into the boat.

“Hey lover,” Alex whispered—one hand clearly busy generating another orgasm— “can you stop peeing for a second? Get your butt over the side?”

“No fucking way,” Sonia gasped, bliss surging through her. “No fucking way.”

Afterwards, Sonia was utterly exhausted and curled up next to Alex, naked except for the unzipped lifejacket letting her boobs hang out. But she already knew that after such a monumental hold she wouldn’t be able to hold it at all for a long while. She knew she’d be peeing over the boat’s side another few times, that golden afternoon…

###

I would like to acknowledge my debt to the porn fanfic story I once saw years ago entitled "Plot? What Plot?"

*005*2021-09-18 17:01

Thanks, y'all. It's good to change things up now and again, eh?

