Fifty shades of Wet19

Author: Wet19

*000*2018-12-17 23:20

Last week my wife wanted to watch the Fifty Shades of Grey trilogy. It's super boring, but it got me thinking about what my contract would look like if I were that type of person. I'm not into domination and submission, but I'm going to keep the words "dominant" and "submissive" just to stick to the theme. I'm not going to write a whole legal document here, I'm just going to put my main bullet points.

Pee The submissive will pee her pants at least once per week. Unless otherwise specified, all pee bullets below will count toward this requirement. The submissive will pee her pants in public at least once every 6 months. It must be deliberate but may be staged to look like an accident. The submissive will wet the bed on purpose at least once per month, but not more than once per week (genuine accidents not counted). The submissive will occasionally engage in "convenience wetting", that is, she will choose to wet her pants instead of interrupting what she is doing. Any time the submissive pees her pants, she will wear her wet pants for a minimum of 10 minutes before changing. If the dominant is ever in the bathroom with the submissive when she is about to use the toilet, the submissive may pull down her pants but will not pull down her panties and will instead pee through them on the toilet. Anytime the submissive is wearing a skirt and needs to pee:

A. If it is feasible at the time, she will pee her panties under her skirt wherever she is or will find a nearby spot where she can. This can be done standing with pee running down her legs (preferred), standing with pee streaming directly to the ground, or squatting. Whether or not the skirt gets wet is up to the submissive.

B. If A is not feasible, she will go to the restroom and pee through her panties on the toilet. The submissive will only change or remove her wet panties if there is a danger she could be discovered to have wet them by someone other than the dominant. If the submissive pees her pants or panties while the dominant is not around, she will take photos and/or a video of the incident to send to the dominant. Poop (I know most people aren't into this, but I am a little, so here it is.)

The submissive will poop her pants at least once per month. Every other time, the submissive will try to poop her pants in secret while the dominant is around and will ensure he notices what she's done before cleaning herself up. If the submissive poops her pants while the dominant is not around, she will take photos and/or a video of the incident to send to the dominant. Diapers The submissive will wear and use diapers occasionally, but not so frequently that she becomes incontinent. The submissive will retain complete control over her body, not counting occasional accidental bed wettings. While wearing a diaper, the submissive is not allowed to use a toilet, unless given permission by the dominant or the submissive is in a situation in which using the diaper may humiliate the submissive (ex. unexpectedly running into family).

While at home, the submissive may not change her diaper until it leaks or she has pooped in it, unless given permission by the dominant. While in public, the submissive may change or remove her diaper at any time to avoid humiliation. Masturbation The submissive is encouraged to masturbate frequently, with or without porn, and at any time she chooses, however, the submissive must still have sex with the dominant at least three times per week and anytime the dominant demands. The dominant will watch and/or join at least half of the submissive's masturbation sessions.

The submissive will notify the dominant every time she masturbates without him. If the submissive has to pee while the dominant is watching, she will either pee while masturbating, pee during her orgasm, or pee as soon as she is able after finishing. The submissive will pee in whatever she is wearing, on whatever she is on at the time. At least once per week, the submissive will masturbate fully clothed while the dominant watches. At least once per month, the submissive will secretly masturbate around the dominant but try to hide it as much as possible until she orgasms. General Every year on the dominant's birthday, the submissive is not allowed to use the toilet at all. The submissive will ensure protective pads are in place on furniture that may be stained or ruined before she soils herself on them. The dominant may not force the submissive to do anything that may cause her excessive stress or humiliation. The submissive may refuse to do anything she feels is too extreme.

What do you think? What would you put in your contract?

