Omorashi Fetish Spoof of Dune-Part One

Author: Wotan42

*000*2024-04-03 16:10

Ok, so Dune Part Two has just been realised and it really is one of the best films this year so far. I've been a big fan of the books for years now and really enjoyed both of the Dune movies-even that weird David Lynch one from the 80's. It is a very dramatic and portentous story, so I've made this more of a fetishy sort of spoof, as Dune , rather like Lord of the Rings, is by no means a book where sexy stuff of any kind slots in easily-even though there's talk of pregnancies and relationships and stuff, so this fic is quite humorous in its approach as well as fetishy. If you've seen the movies or read the books, you'll know that the tribe of desert people-the Fremen-do indeed were suits that they directly piss in, this outright stated in the book and movies. This is never addressed in detail, but the idea was just perfect for an omo story.

Despite intense ethnographic research by imperial scholars, no one has ever commented on one important aspect of Fremen culture. Like how fetishy they were. Like for real, they spent all their time pissing in black latex suits, what was up with that? They didn’t have to piss their pants, there were other ways of conserving water, like it’s actually really impractical, they totally just enjoyed peeing in the suits.

- Writings of Princess Irulan, 10999AG.

Though he had only been with them a short while, Chani was really starting to develop a major crush on Paul, the mysterious outsider who’d sought refuge in in their Seitch (the village communities where the Fremen lived), even if he had brought his mum along with him, Chani just didn’t think people on messianic quests should bring their mums along with them, kinda ruined the vibe a bit. Still, he was cute though, with wavy black hair, thin, sculpted features and soft blue eyes and he looked especially cute in his stillsuit, which he wore extremely tightly. Yesterday, He had told her about his earlier incident with the Bene Gesserit women and her Gom Jabar, Chani rather hoped that soon he’d be sticking his fingers in quite another sort of box very soon.

There was one aspect of Fremen culture she was particularly keen to introduce Paul to-using the stillsuit, fully using the stillsuit. The Stillsuits were specifically designed for the harsh desert climate, a harsh desert climate that had no water and therefore no specific bathroom facilities. For many years now Chani had pissed exclusively in her stillsuit, it was more convenient and felt really good. Sometimes, Fremen women wore knickers under their stillsuits and readily pissed through them, leaving them totally soaked and yellow by the end of the day. Sometimes they’d go free bird and just use the suit directly, it was a personal preference for many Fremen women whether to wear knickers or just fully piss in the suit. Chani herself usually enjoyed the feeling of giving her knickers a good soaking, feeling the wet fullness between her legs as she completely let it flow. The piss pooling around her crotch and trickling down her legs in stinky yellow rivulets.

She had been watching Paul, it was difficult not to watch him when he was wearing skintight black latex, especially when it was required that he bend over. Many of the Fremen women had been strategically dropping things in his vicinity and politely asking him to pick them up.

Though, from very careful observation, she had noticed him never actually use his Stillsuit, not properly, he was still using the seitches privies kept at the back end of the village in a less important cave system. Kept for whenever members of the tribe felt like using them or for when there were visitors.

Often, by the time his hunting party arrived back he’d be subtly pressing his thighs together, sometimes even openly holding himself. Immediately hobbling of the privies to relieve himself. Clearly he was holding it in all day, waiting until the late afternoon when he returned from worm riding practice or whatever to finally get to pee. Today was no exception. As the worm riding party arrived back, Chani noticed Paul, holding himself with both hands and looking extremely desperate. Clearly not having used his stillsuit for its intended purpose.

She always made sure to talk to Paul and engage him in look conversations-before he had any chance to use the privie. She often teased him about being so posh and frequently called him ‘my lord’, which Paul would blush at. She ran over to him and gave him a playful half-hug.

“So, have you ridden a worm yet?”

Paul was obviously trying to appear nonchalant and removed his hands from his crotch, though still keeping his legs firmly locked together. Chani was beginning to think about another sort of worm riding as he desperately squirmed around.

“N-not yet’”

He was clearly really desperate to go. Paul was always a little lost for words and shy, which Chani found incredibly cute, especially considering he was a lord or duke or whatever. They chatted about their day for a while and bantered about how Paul was useless at worm riding. Rather unfortunately Fremen dialect had a lot of puns regarding ‘worm riding’ but they didn’t translate all that well.

“Ya’ know I’ve never met an of worlder before”

Chani said flirtily, having subtly lead him away from the others to the edge of the village where they could be alone together. Alone and away from his mom, Lady Jessica, things had been awkward with her and Jessica ever since she’d ask if her being a concubine was like being a prostitute-she had genuinely not known what a concubine was, it sounded a lot like a prozzie to her. She was glad to have some more alone time with him to talk and have a bit of flirt and most importantly to see him absolutely bursting to piss.

“What was your homeworld like?”

Paul smiled wistfully, he was still a little shy and often got tongued tied talking to her, which Chani found adorable. She deliberately walked Paula round to the side of the seitch that was slightly further from the privies that he so desperately needed.

“Oh Caladan um…”

Paul obviously seemed distracted, distracted by the growing aching fullness in his bladder,

“…It was a water world, mostly, with lots of green forests and stuff”

“Wow, a whole world of water, that’s so cool”

Said Chani, despite more than twenty mellenia of human development, interstellar exploration and cultural alteration, how to flirt with a guy had changed surprisingly little.

“So it’s a whole planet full of water huh?”

She asked innocently, emphasising the word water,

“I literally can’t imagine a planet full of water, all those gushing, flowing rivers and streams, that must be beautiful”

He stopped and groaned, double crossing his legs,

“P-please don’t talk about that now”

Paul begged, his voice straining.

“Aw, because you miss your home?”

Chani new it was because he was gagging for a piss.

“It…it is interesting living in such a dry place like Arakis”

Chani knew he definitely wanted to think about dry places, it probably helped to take his mind of the litres of burning hot yellow pee inside of him.

“It is dry here, but we still have water….beautiful flowing underground wells and aquifers, you’ve got to come and see them with my sometime Paul, they’re really beautiful, all that flow water ”

She smiled teasingly, knowing how much thinking about water would torment him.

“So Caladan it has like rivers and streams and waterfalls and stuff? Because that’s so cool, I’ve only ever seem that in film books the off worlders sometimes leave behind”

Paul was whimpering now and had once again put a hand over his crotch.

“I’d like to see that with you Chani”

He said, trying to desperately regain his composure.

“So did you have like a girlfriend on Caladan?”

Chani asked, smiling.

“N-no, apart from mum, I was taught by Duncan and Gurney in the art of comabt and…and mental cultivation”

It was obvious from the strain in his voice how urgently he had to pee,

“Real sausage fest, huh”

Chani said, smiling. She had been deliberately steering them on a long circuit of the village, well away from the communal privies-just when he’d be needing them most. She could tell Paul was getting ready to explode, he was crossing his legs tight and squirming awkwardly where he stood. Unable to keep still. Sort of bouncing up and down a little and moving from side to side.

“You’ll summon a Shai’hulud if you keep moving in rhythm like that”

Chani said laughing, referring to the Fremen belief that rhythmic repetitive movement could summon the sandworms.

“It’s really best to keep still…is something the matter?”

Chani feigned ignorance but knew what was the matter, he was utterly bursting now. Like ready to blow. He could barely contain the litres of hot, golden urine that were sloshing around inside of him.

“N…nothing”

Paul, plushed, his usually palid feature becoming rose tinted,

“Ok…I, I really need to pee…”

He whispered, obviously embarrassed, his cheeks now turning fully red.

Chani giggled, he had no choice now but to do it,

“Well Paul, there’s no privies around here, whatever will you do?”

She said theatrically,

“Chani…I-I haven’t been all day, I’m gonna’ explode”

Chani leaned in close and playfully whispered in his ear.

“Just keep thinking of all that flowing, gushing water”

“Uggh…stop”

“Pppsshhh….imagine one of those flowing rivers on Caladan”

“Seriously, I’m gonna pee my pants”

