Jenny Series: Family Picnic

Author: Wet19

*000*2018-07-27 22:27

Note: There is one instance of messing in this story, but I'm enclosing it in "explicit" tags so those of you who don't want to see it can easily skip it and those that want to see it can.

Today Jenny, Megan and Katey were having a lunch picnic in a local park with Megan's mom Candice.

Megan walked into Katy's room. "Are you getting ready? We need to leave in about an hour."

"Yeah mom, I'll be ready." Katy responded.

Megan walked back into the living room. Jenny was standing in front of the couch holding an Xbox controller. On the TV screen Laura Croft was sneaking around a shanty town looking for goodies and bad guys. Beneath Jenny was a decent sized wet spot on the carpet.

[explicit] A bulge was slowly growing in the back of her wet pajama shorts. Jenny stopped playing for a moment without pausing the game so she could focus a little more on pooping her shorts. Megan watched enthusiastically as Jenny pushed it out. Jenny adjusted her shorts with one hand to make more room and continued pooping. After a moment, she was finished and resumed her game. [/explicit]

Megan walked up behind Jenny, wrapped her arms around her and kissed her on the neck. Jenny smiled and said "Hey sexy!" Their moment was interrupted by Lara Croft suddenly getting shot at on the TV screen. Megan stood there holding Jenny and watching the combat for a few minutes, then she walked into the kitchen to pack the picnic stuff. After about 20 minutes, Jenny shut off the Xbox and retreated to the master bedroom to clean herself up and get dressed.

###

Megan pulled into a parking spot in front of the park. It was a small park and the only other car there belonged to Megan's mom, who had beaten them there by only a couple minutes. They got out and greet Candice, then the four of them walked to a shady spot under a tree to set up. They spread a blanket and sat down with their food. They talked about the usual stuff, school, work, other family, and more. They'd finished eating and Katy was about to head to the playground:

"I have to pee." Katy mentioned in passing as she was standing up.

"Me too." Megan said almost automatically.

"Uh oh, do we need to leave already?" Candice asked. The park was small and did not have a restroom.

Katy and Megan both shook their heads "no" as Katy turned to head for the playground. Katy returned every 15 minutes or so to drink from her water bottle. After the fourth time, Candice asked: "Do we need to go so you two can go to the restroom? You've been drinking a lot, you probably need to go pretty badly now."

"No, I can hold it." Katy said tongue-in-cheek with a sideways glance at her mom. Then Megan shocked her mother.

"No, I just peed my shorts a while ago." Megan spoke in a completely casual tone as if it were totally normal. Candice's mouth hung open for a few seconds, then she said "Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't realize to needed to go that bad. You didn't have to sit there and have an accident, we could've continued our visit another time."

Megan put her hand up and waved it off, saying "oh, it wasn't an accident." Megan then went back to the conversation they were having before as if nothing had happened. Candice ignored the conversation and commented "oh...well...I'm sure Katy needs to pee pretty bad and we wouldn't want her to...uh...have an...accident."

Katy had gone back to the playground and showed no sign of being desperate to pee. In truth, Katy had squatted behind the slide and peed her shorts around 45 minutes earlier. The shorts she was wearing didn't show wetness much (unlike the denim short shorts Megan was wearing) so nobody had noticed, though Megan assumed. Candice looked at Jenny and appeared as though she wanted to ask, but then decided against it and just looked down at the bottle of ice tea in her hand. Jenny, still shy about her fetish, simply stayed silent about the fact that she was the only one in the group who in fact was nearly desperate to pee. She was too scared to wet herself in front of Candice, so she held it. The subject did not come up again and they returned to their normal conversations.

Another 20 minutes passed and Candice finally said "Well, now I have to pee and I, um, would like to use a toilet." Her voice trailed off at the end of the sentence. Jenny, who had been struggling to hold her pee without squirming or fidgeting, felt a wave of relief that threatened to release the flood gates. She caught herself holding her breath for a few seconds as she focused on holding her pee in.

"Katy, time to go!" Megan called out toward the playground.

"Ok mom!" Katy shouted from the top of the playground. She slid down the slide and jogged back over to the adults.

They packed up their stuff, said their goodbyes and got into their respective vehicles. The moment the doors were shut on Megans car, Jenny released. Her crotch hissed loudly as she peed forcefully, soaking her blue bikini style panties, light denim short shorts and the leather seat. She breathed a heavy sigh of relief and leaned her head back against the head rest. Megan watched the puddle between Jenny's legs rapidly spill over the edge of the seat onto the floor. Jenny's shorts were entirely soaked, every square inch, and even the bottom of her shirt was getting wet. The relief, combined with the force of her pee splattering inside her panties, was a major turn on and she felt arousal building without even touching herself. Her breathing became heavier, she closed her eyes and bit her lip. She deliberately held it off, she didn't want to climax with Katy in the car. She finished peeing and her arousal stopped building.

"Fuck..." Megan said slowly, highly aroused herself. Jenny opened her eyes and rolled her head on the head rest to look at Megan, then smiled. Megan smiled back, then pressed the button the dash board to start the car.

Once they were home, Jenny meandered her way to the bedroom and shut the door. She laid down on the bed and unfastened her shorts, then she slid both of her hands into her panties and started masturbating. She climaxed quickly and continued masturbating for another several minutes, then climaxed again. She put her arms to her sides and laid on the bed breathing heavily for a few minutes.

Jenny stood up and fastened her shorts back up. They were still fully soaked, along with the bottom of her shirt, especially in the back. She walked out of the bedroom and grabbed a towel from the linen closet to go clean up the mess she had made in the passenger seat of Megan's car. Megan was in the kitchen pouring detergent in the dishwasher. She gave Jenny the look of "I know what you just did" with a wink. Jenny blushed, smiled, and returned the wink as Megan closed the dishwasher and started it. The three of them wore their wet clothes the rest of the day.

*001*2018-07-27 22:48

Crap, I can't remember how to use the explicit tags to hide some content. Anyone remember?

