A Humiliating Orgasm

Author: water.wizard

*000*2018-12-26 10:36

This is the beginning of a maybe story to see if you guys are interested.

This story has a lot of sexual buildup before the omo, so that may or may not be your thing.

There is somewhat intense public humiliation toward the end that also may or may not be your thing.

Let me know if you want more.

All characters in this story are over 18.

###

Megan was just about ready for her first date with a very cute boy she had just met, David. He was just her type -- tall, muscular, dark hair, with a deep voice that made her feel tingly between the legs. She was excited because he seemed really nice and smart and into her, but nerves also coursed through her body. It had been awhile since she went on a guy she was this into. About a year, to be exact. She grew more nervous as she remembered the last time.

At the time, Megan was just a freshman in college, and had gotten asked to a football game by a junior. His name was Isaac and he was tall and athletic and on the swim team with Megan's brother. This meant that she got a front row seat to his glistening muscles on a regular basis, something that secretly drove her hormones wild. She had never been kissed by a boy or even touched herself and the frustration was building.

"Pick you up early and grab some cherry limeades from Sonic?" Isaac texted her awhile before the football game. Megan wasn't quite ready yet but she was excited Isaac wanted to spend a little alone time with her before the game. Isaac arrived even earlier than that and Megan chose to forgo using the restroom though she needed it, not wanting to keep him waiting. She didn't need to go that bad yet and would just use the facilities at the stadium.

Driving with Isaac, Megan had a blast. They got their large cherry limeades and sat in the parking lot for a little while talking and laughing. Megan finished half of her large drink before they left the parking lot, and had finished her entire drink by the time they arrived at the stadium. This was a bad habit of hers.

When they finally got to the stadium, there were lines of people getting their tickets checked to go inside. Megan looked around at her bathroom options outside the checkin but they were all portapotties which she couldn't bear to use. Even if she wanted to, she would be too nervous and uncomfortable to let go. She began to fidget in line as the cherry limeade began to trickle down toward her bladder, filling her up more and more by the minute. She cursed herself as she remembered that she had downed two cups of coffee before getting ready to leave which she had neglected to relieve herself of due to meeting Isaac early.

Megan and Isaac continued to have a good time as they moved through the line and made it into the stadium. Megan's need steadily increased but was mostly under control. She looked around for a restroom.

"Looking for something?" Isaac asked.

Megan blushed. The idea of telling this hot guy about her need was a little embarrassing. "Just a bathroom, do you see one?"

Isaac looked around, but then shook his head.

"No, but after we find our seats I'll help you find one close by."

Megan nodded with a smile. Isaac was nice.

They found their way to their seats, Megan holding onto Isaac's muscular arm. He wore a loose tank top that showed off his shoulders and pecs and made Megan weak in the knees. She could feel herself getting aroused and tried to not think about him kissing pressing her up against the wall and kissing her all over...

'Fuck, I'm wet,' She realized.

After 5 or so minutes of searching, they found their seats. They walked up the nearest aisle of stairs to where the restaurants and bathrooms were but found, to Megan's dismay, a long line outside of the women's bathroom. The men's had no line, a constant frustration in Megan's life.

Isaac looked over at her guiltily. "Hey, I hate to do this to ya, but I really gotta take a leak."

Megan was embarrassed by Isaac's sympathy and laughed it off, saying she didn't need to go that bad. Isaac ran off to relieve himself and Megan took the opportunity to cross her legs, getting some much needed relief. She straightened up as she saw him returning minutes later, already rid of his problem. She envied him, still holding her thighs together slightly. Isaac noticed her posture and suggested that they sit down on the nearby bench, and that the bathrooms would be free once the pregame show started in 10 minutes and people headed to their seats. Megan was relieved at the idea because she wasn't sure if she could hold it standing in line for 10 minutes, but she was pretty sure she could do it sitting. They found a bench in a small resting area nearby that was a little private.

Megan and Isaac sat close now, whispering and giggling together. Megan began to get aroused as Isaac's hand rubbed up and down her thigh, helping quell her need to pee. Suddenly Isaac leaned in for a kiss, finding Megan's open mouth. She nearly moaned out loud as waves of arousal went over her virgin body. Isaac began to kiss her with his skilled tongue, causing her pussy to get wet fast. His hands started to roam her body, slowly making their way down between her legs. Megan could feel that her bladder was full but couldn't stop herself from spreading her legs for Isaac's roaming hands, despite the pressure it put on her bladder. She felt her pussy getting rapidly soaked and she blushed, worried that Isaac would notice and realize how turned on she was, but was powerless to stop him.

Isaac's cock was rock hard now. He suddenly pulled her onto his lap by her thighs, legs spread around his waist. Megan gasped at the sudden movement and spreading of her legs so wide, turning her on beyond belief but also sending her need to pee through the roof. Her pussy pressed against Isaac's body as he kissed her neck and it was all too much for Megan.

It was then that she also realized how public this was. Nobody was looking right now but people shuffled around close by. The dirty realization only turned her on tenfold and she suddenly felt a strange feeling building inside. Her hips bucked involuntarily as Isaac kissed her again, one of his hands now between her legs again. She moaned into his mouth, feeling her pussy quake in a way she had never felt before. Waves of pleasure began to build inside her pussy and she realized what was happening. She was practically about to cum without Isaac even touching her yet. Megan began to push away from him feebly, her body shaking with desire, but it was too late. His fingers had found their way to her soaking pussy, his thumb rubbing up against her clit, and it was enough to push her over the edge.

Megan began to cum with overwhelming force. She moaned in a guttural voice, unable to fight the powerful orgasm now taking over her body. As her climax built, she began to feel like she might pee, and started to panic. She tried to close her legs but they were spread over Isaac's lap. She tried to say something but his fingers moved against her clit again and it was too late. Megan began to climax and she felt with horror as warm liquid began pouring from between her legs, all over Isaac's lap. She struggled to hold back her moans as the orgasm ravaged her body, rendering her muscles jello and unable to pull herself away.

Isaac watched in shock and disbelief as Megan orgasmed on his lap, the warm feeling of her pee filling his crotch and pants, flowing over his now painfully rock hard cock. People had now begun to notice as Megan was unable to stifle her moans, and Megan's face and ears burned red with embarrassment as she struggled to stifle her increasingly loud moans. Warm pee continued to flow from between her legs for what felt like forever, each wave of pleasure causing an additional spurt that she could feel every bit of and was helpless to stop.

When her orgasm finally released her, Megan had pissed all over Isaac and the bench, leaving a puddle on the floor. She was shaking and waves of pleasure still shook her body. She began crying and apologized to Isaac, practically leaping off of him and beginning to run from the scene. Isaac called after her and stood up to go after her but saw his pounding erection in his jeans and sat back down, covering it with his hands.

Megan skittered away at a brisk pace as some onlookers watched, tears starting to spill down her face. She couldn't believe this happened. Another spurt of pee escaped her pussy and dripped down her legs as she ran. Megan turned a corner and slipped on her own urine, falling onto her ass and catching more attention. A hissing sound could be heard as the force of falling caused her to continue to relieve herself. She grabbed onto the railing and began to stand, slipping again and falling into her own puddle. Megan began to sob and finally succeeded at pulling herself up, fleeing the stadium while still currently peeing down her legs. She hid in a portapotty outside and called her mom to come get her.

Isaac tried to talk to her again a few times but Megan couldn't bear to face him again. He eventually told her brother about the incident which he relished reminding her of.

Needless to say, she was going to be a lot more careful tonight.

*003*2018-12-28 09:58

{{On 12/26/2018 at 1:26 PM, pguy69 said:

One of the stuff I love on these forums is when a new writer appears from nowhere, and is instantly outstanding. Everything I've read from you so far is excellent, I can't wait to read more of your work!

}}

{{8 hours ago, BeeCat said:

Wow that was fantastic!

}}

Haha, thanks guys! I appreciate the love.

I actually don't think I will be continuing this particular story but I will post other ones. Let me know if there's anything you'd like to see.

