A Socially Distant Easter

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2023-04-22 16:14

A Socially Distant Easter

(This story is loosely based on a reddit post I stumbled across, If you DM me I'll send you the link to it. I know it's a little late, but hopefully you'll enjoy it. Would love to hear your thoughts and feedback, I'd definitely consider writing another story with this characther)

Sloan leaned her head against the passenger side window of her Mom's car. It was an overcast, but reasonably warm spring morning and they were passing by a McDonalds. A McDonalds that her and her family had patronized many times as it was just around the corner from her church. It had been well over a year since she had actually been to church, and a lot had changed in that time. It was Easter Sunday 2021, just over a year since the COVID-19 pandemic had swept across the world.

It had come at difficult time to Sloan, who had been in the process of preparing to finish High School and move on to college while also dealing with her parents tumultuous divorce. The divorce had been particularly hard on her Mom, who found the whole situation incredible embarrassing as the news spread throughout their small community like a virus of its own. Quarantine had made things particularly difficult as she was unable to see her friends. During this time, Sloan and her Mom had become particularly close as they worked through everything together, until the fall eventually came and Sloan went off to college a couple hours away.

The distance was good for her, life felt more normal, her classmates were certainly concerned about the pandemic, but as you might expect, it certainty didn't completely put a hold on freshman social activities. Sloan quickly found herself falling in with a group of good friends and for the first time in months, thriving socially again. Despite this, her thoughts frequently drifted to her Mom back home, left by herself to work a full time remote job and look after her two younger sisters. They talked on the phone often, and Sloan tried to go home to visit and help out whenever she could, but she felt a nagging sense of guilt for not being there more, and a newfound respect for how her mother was able to handle everything.

Sloan had gotten home from school for Easter weekend last night, and this morning the family was going to an outdoor Easter mass held by the local church. Her parents had actually never seemed particularly religious, but church was always a big social event for them. Her Mom had made a lot of friends in the Church and they always made time to catch up on a weekly basis before and after the mass. Sloan never cared much for church herself, but she could tell today was a big day for her Mom. It was her first opportunity to see her friends in person in over a year, and pretty much the first time since the divorce that she would be able to see them all together. She had been up early this morning, wanting to ensure that everything was perfect.

As they pulled in to the parking lot, Sloan took note of the time, it was 11:10. The service didn't actually start in 12, but her Mom had wanted to get there early to socialize. Normally, Sloan wouldn't have been thrilled about having to spend even more time at church, but she was actually looking forward to socializing a bit herself. Just before the pandemic had started, Sloan had been recently flirting a bit with a boy at school, Brian. It hadn't progressed much, and quarantine had seemed to silence the flame, but a couple months ago they reconnected a bit on social media and had been texting almost every day since. Brian went to the same church as Sloan and would be there today, and she was actually quite excited to see him.

As her Mom parked the car, Sloan took note of the setup, the Church had gotten a flatbed truck and used to make a makeshift outdoor Altar on the lawn, with row after row of folding chairs placed in front of it. Off to the side, she noticed there were already several groups of other early arrivals chatting and catching up. Sipping on the large iced coffee she had gotten on the way over, Sloan followed behind her Mom and sisters as they headed over a reserved a few seats for themselves, before her Mom headed eagerly off to greet her friends. Not long after, Brian and his family arrived, and his eyes met Sloan's immediately. They greeted with a friendly, but exciting hug and got to catching up immediately.

The next 30 minutes seemed to fly by chatting with Brian. Sloan was overjoyed that they had picked up right where they had left off last year and their chemistry certainly felt improved by their late night chats over social media. They were interrupted by Brian's mom calling out to him to help her with something and as he walked away, Sloan noticed that her heart was beating with excitement just from their conversation. Despite the joyous feeling of a new romance, Sloan noticed that her body was sending her another familiar feeling, the feeling of a filling bladder.

She looked down at her phone, there were still about 10 minutes before the service started, Brian was off helping his family and Mom was busily chatting with her friends, giving Sloan the perfect opportunity for a quick bathroom break before the service started. She walked over to the church building, finishing off her Iced Coffee along the way, but was slightly alarmed to find the main doors locked. She walked around to the side of the building to see if the side door was open, but that too was locked. She glanced around the congregation area, but couldn't see any sign of any useable bathroom or indication of where people were supposed to go. Surely, she thought, the church must provide bathroom facilities, but then again, it was only a somewhat abbreviated 90 minute service, so maybe they were just hoping people could manage.

If someone really had an emergency, she figured they could probably ask someone who worked at the church to open the doors, but that certainly wasn't Sloan at the moment. She had only wanted to go as a precaution and so that she could be comfortable during and after the service, but she could definitely hold it for now.

She walked back over to her seat and sat down, setting her empty drink cup on the ground in front of her, and shortly after her family sat down to her left and Brian sat directly next to her to her right. They got back to casually chatting a bit as the service seemed to be a bit delayed in starting before finally, the music started playing and the service commenced at about 12:10.

As usual, Sloan found it difficult to focus on the service, her mind wandering to all sorts of different topics. Her conversations with Brian, her Mom, her upcoming final exams at school, and, with increasing frequency, the building pressure in her bladder. She checked the time, 12:43. Given the late start, she guessed there would be about another hour in the service, and then surely the restrooms in the church would have to be made available. She definitely had to pee pretty bad now, and would certainly like to relieve herself and be comfortable again, but she wasn't overly worried. Sloan had always fancied herself as having quite a strong bladder, never seeming to need to go as much as her friends and rarely getting in to a situation where things got extremely urgent.

In the drinking culture of college, Sloan had seen a lot of her new friends have some very close calls hurrying back to the dorms or waiting for the restrooms at frat parties, and while there had certainly been a few occasions where she was very happy to reach a toilet, she fortunately had not been reduced to a panicking desperate mess like some of her friends had. She actually felt a strange sense of pride that despite facing her share of bladder busting situations, it had been a very long time since had actually reached such a state in public. She was an adult now, and could cross her legs and hang on like a grown woman for as long as she needed to.

Over the next 10 minutes, Sloan did a good job of pushing her full bladder to the back of her mind, until her daydreaming was interrupted by her youngest sister, Marcy, approaching her Mom, and in a hushed whisper telling her that she had to pee really bad and needed to go right now. Sloan could quickly tell that her Mom was a bit annoyed by the request, currently being very sensitive to calling any unfavorable attention to the family and not wanting to disrupt the service, but after a short whispered argument, she agreed to walk Marcy over to the church to the go the bathroom. Sloan wanted to warn her Mom that the church was locked, but really had no way of doing so without admitting that she tried it for the same reason, something she wasn't willing to do with her Mom already annoyed at her sisters immaturity and also with Brian sitting directly next to her.

She could only sit and watch as Marcy and her Mom trudged over to the church, and, just as she had earlier, found it locked. Sloan glanced around, but there didn't seem to be any Church employees available who weren't directly involved in the service. Squeezing her own legs together and checking the time again, Sloan thought about ridiculous it was that the church would put on this event, directed at families, with no bathroom access and absolutely no warning that there wouldn't be any. Had she known she wouldn't have access to a toilet for hours, she certainly would have skipped the large iced coffee, they always seemed to hit her bladder particularly hard.

Marcy and Mom returned to the seats, once again forcing the family on the end of the row to stand up so they could pass. Mom looked no less irritated as she leaned in to Sloan while rummaging through her purse and quickly whispered "I'm going to have to take your sister to McDonalds, keep an eye on our things" Sloan's heart leapt, this was perfect, she could take Marcy to McDonalds, allow her Mom to stay and watch the rest of the service, and get to relieve herself in the process!

But, before she could offer, she was quickly interrupted by her other sister, Abby. "Mom, can I come too? I need to go as well" she whispered. "Ugh... Abigail..." her Mom responded, hardly even attempting to hide the disappointment in her voice, but not wanting to cause any more of scene "Fine, let's go"

Sloan wanted to interject, and offer to take them both, but people were already beginning to turn their heads at the disturbance, and Mom quickly began shepherding her sisters quickly back down the isle, trying to catch up to them now was only going to cause even more of a scene and embarrass her Mom even further. She checked her phone again, 12:59, probably only another 45 minutes, she still wasn't overly worried. Having to hold a full bladder for 45 minutes with her crush sitting next to her wasn't going to be a particularly enjoyable experience, but she would get through it. She recrossed her stocking clad legs, a position that fortunately seemed fairly natural in the tight knee length dress she was wearing. She was definitely a bit over dressed for the occasion, but she had wanted to impress Brian... and I guess look good for her Mom too...

Another 15 minutes passed, and unfortunately for Sloan it turned out that her body had now quite been finished processing that coffee. She was able to think of little else besides her filling bladder as she unconsciously leaned forward and rapidly bounced her right leg up and down underneath her left one which was crossed over it. Even with that coffee, even with the water she'd had at home before it, she had peed before putting her dress on. She should not have to go this bad, and the end of the service could not come soon enough.

"Sloan...?" Brian said, snapping her out of her trance as she realized he was standing up next to her "Want to come with us for communion?"

"Oh... erm... yes" she said, unable to hide how flustered she was that she allowed herself to be so distracted by her bladder that she didn't even notice communion starting. She quickly stood up, something she immediately regretted has it multiplied her need exponentially. She reflexively crushed her legs together, let a quiet, but involuntary gasp, and turned away quickly so that Brian and his family couldn't see the obvious discomfort on her face. She began walking slowly down the row toward the main aisle, trying not to hobble too much as she collected herself. Taking her place in line, she turned and gave Brian a brief smile before craning her neck back toward the parking lot, where the hell were her Mom and sisters? She discreetly looked at her phone, 1:17, the McDonalds was only a few minutes away, they should be back by now.

The good news was that communion meant the service was almost over, and Sloan was relieved that the crowd remained silent as they waited, there was no way she could carry a conversation in the state she was in, especially not with Brian. All her energy was focused on suffering in silence and not dancing around like a desperate little girl. As the minutes ticked on and the line crept forward, Sloan certainly couldn't help but feel like a desperate little girl, unable to think or care about anything else other than her now seriously bursting bladder.

Even in her beer filled college nights she had never had to go this bad. At least in those situations, she could always at least try to get herself a toilet. Even if one didn't come immediately, just knowing that it was her top priority and that she was doing something about it always seemed to calm her bladder a bit. But here she was, stuck standing in a barely moving communion line on a cool spring afternoon, wearing a short, tight sexy dress and having intrusive thoughts about the possibility that her iced coffee felt like it was about to run down her legs in front of her crush and nearly everyone she knew.

She squeezed her thighs together as hard as she could and leaned forward a bit as she took another step toward the Altar, fighting off a particularly intense surge. This was really quickly becoming an emergency situation.

She took stock. As slow as the line felt, it was moving, and nearly 10 minutes had passed. Glancing around, it seemed Communion was half finished, meaning the service would likely end in about 15 minutes and she would be on the toilet inside in 20.

20 minutes, she could hold it for 20 minutes. She hadn't had to go pee this bad in a very very long time, but she was a big girl now and could wait 20 minutes to use the bathroom like the mature adult that she was.

The line continued to move, but Sloan's self pep talk had brought her back from the ledge and given her a bit of a second wind. Other than standing with one knee bent in toward the other with her foot gyrating around, she had regained her composure and was just a few people away from the front of the line. As she was about to take communion, she looked back toward the church. She really wanted to just head straight to the church after communion, she knew there would definitely be a lot of people wanting to use the bathroom and after the service and she absolutely needed to be near the front of that line, but as she and Brian took communion and started heading back to the seats, she knew there was no way she could do it without embarrassing herself. She would just have to make her excuses and speedwalk over there the second the service ended.

Being able to sit back down was really helping Sloan, and she was happy to see communion wrapping up. Her Mom and sisters had apparently returned and were near the back of the line. She had her legs firmly pressed together now and was jiggling them rapidly when she thought Brian wasn't looking. Just a few more minutes... the effects of sitting were wearing off and Sloan was starting to feel panicky again. She was so done with this, God she just needed to PEE.

Why oh WHY was the stupid service so unnecessarily long? WHY did they lock the church during it? She had done nothing wrong and yet was left sitting in this stupid chair with a searingly full bladder, needing to pee worse than any other time she could remember, frantically jiggling her legs around in her sexy dress right in front of this cute guy she had been talking too. She was beyond frustrated at this point, it felt she had a stomach ache her bladder was so full. She leaned forward in her seat, emptying her lungs through her nose, trying to suppress her frantic movements and erratic breathing as much as she could, but she was quickly getting to the point where she didn't even care if everyone knew she had to pee as long it would get her over a toilet in the shortest amount of time possible.

Her Mom and sisters took their seats next to her as the priest began his closing remarks. Sloan was huffing through her nose the whole time, rapidly scooting her ass back and fourth on her chair, she was sweating now with the effort of holding it in, her thighs starting to slip around wildly due to the moisture between them.

The priest droned on and on, WHEN was this torture going to end? Sloan tried to calm herself down and focus on breathing normally, if she absolutely couldn't keep her legs still at all this point. It was 1:45, this should have been over by now, but really would have to be ending any second. She was beyond caring about maintaining her composure at this point, surely anyone could paying attention could tell that she was about to piss her dress either from her labored breathing or frantic squirming.

Another frantic few moments passed and Sloan's mind was racing through contingencies. Screw waiting until the end of the service, she had to do something NOW. She looked around everywhere as she continued to bounce around wildly in her seat. There was still no one over by the church... God... there was just absolutely nowhere to go. There a few people wandering around the parking lot, maybe she could hide behind a car... pull her dress up as far as she could and... ugh...

Finally, Sloan heard the music she had been so desperately waiting for, the song indicating the end of the service. It seemed to take much longer than usual, but it finally came to end, and the crowd started to stir. Sloan didn't hesitate and immediately began making her way out of the row as quickly as she could, her bangs starting to fall over her bright red face, leaning forward in obvious agony.

As she made a beeline for the church, hobbling as fast as she could, she gently touched her swollen tummy. She could literally feel bladder protruding out of her. There was basically a ring of pain along the waistband of the boyshorts she was wearing under her dress. She tried to quicken her pace, there were only 4 stalls and she had to have one, she felt like as soon as she stopped walking it was going to shoot out, whether she was over a toilet or not. She noticed out of the corner of her eye that several other people were also walking from the altar area toward the church, including some of the staff members. She could only hope someone was already in there.

She hit the main door, still locked. She walked quickly in a circle, frantically looking around, one of the female volunteers at the church was headed straight for, just a few seconds away. She walked in another quick circle, pee dancing wildly right in front of the door. Just as the volunteer was about 15 feet away from her, Sloan watched as a mother and her young daughter caught up to her from behind and struck up a conversation with her.

NO. Sloan thought, PLEASE DO NOT DISTRACT HER NOW, I NEED HER TO OPEN THIS DOOR

In a complete panic, Sloan took a few steps toward them, and tuning in, could hear the mother asking the volunteer if she was going to open the church, as her daughter need to go to the bathroom. Sloan's eyes darted down to the pee dancing girl holding her Mom's hand, then back to the volunteers face, her heart breaking as she saw her regretfully shaking her head, explaining that they had taken the opportunity to renovate the church, and that for legal reasons they could not let anyone inside.

As she processed this information, Sloan froze, the world seemed to slow down, the gallons of hot pee inside her rushed to the very edge of her urethra. Sticking her ass out behind her, she bent forward as far as she could, her head almost level with her knees. She wanted to use her hand to grab herself, all shame forgotten, but her dress was too tight. Her entire bladder shuddered.

She looked up, her vision blurred by the tears in her eyes as a searing surge of pressure rocked her slim body. This was it, she thought, she was going to piss herself. A grown woman, in a nice dress in front of everyone she knew.

She took a breath, no, the McDonalds, she had to get there. This couldn't be happening. She took off back towards the seats as fast as she could, quickly locating her Mom, who was talking to several of her friends, including Brian's Mom, who Brian was standing next to. She hobbled up to them, not even waiting for a break in the conversation.

"Mom! We need to leave now, I have to go the bathroom really badly"

"Okay dear, just let me - "

"NO! .. Mom, now PLEASE, or I am going to wet myself right here"

Her Mom did a double take and looked back at her daughter, her pride and joy, there was a moment of silence as she looked her up and down, bent half over hugging herself, rapidly stepping back and fourth from foot to foot, face beat red and hair matted to her face with sweat despite it being a relative cool morning.

"Okay honey, let's get our things and go"

She couldn't believe what she'd just done, her Mom looked so embarrassed and disappointed in her. Sloan felt herself stifling sobs, as they rounded up her brother and sister and quickly gathered there things before quickly walking back towards the car.

Breathing heavily and still hobbling as they approached the car, Sloan looked around and realized her ordeal was not even over, as everyone was trying to leave and there was a long line of cars leading out of the parking lot. She was going to pee in the car then, she figured, but at least only her family would see. So much for trying to a mature role model for her sister, she was going to piss herself spectacularly in front of them in their family car.

"I'm sorry Mom" Sloan sniffled out as they joined the line of traffic, Sloan crying in the passenger seat, completely hunched over hugging her knees.

"Jesus Sloan" her Mom said "Get it together, do you really have to pee that bad?"

"Oh my God Mom YES! YES you have no idea. Why didn't they have any bathrooms there?!? I wouldn't have had that coffee if I'd known. I've been dying all day."

"...It's okay honey, I didn't realize... Just hold on a bit longer, the McDonalds is just down the road once we get out of here.

Sloan was hunched over, almost hyperventilating, looking down at her feet as she felt the car start and stop repeatedly, she couldn't even stand to look outside and see how bad the traffic was, she just had to hang on until they got the McDonalds. The car was quiet, no one saying a word, the only sound being the barely audible radio and Sloan's repeated gasping. After what felt like hours, Sloan finally felt the car speed up, signalling to her that they had finally made it out of the traffic. Looking up, she could see the golden arches in the distance, salvation was just past one more red light, and then her torture would be over.

She looked back down at her rapidly bouncing feet, her legs were beginning to feel sore from how tightly crossed they had been for so long. She felt like she was completely covered in a thin film of sweat, as though the pee was trying to escape through her pores.

After a moment, she felt the car decelerate and she looked up again and her stomach dropped at what she saw, it seemed that nearly every car that had left the parking lot was now trying to get in to the McDonalds, a huge line of traffic had formed on the side of the road, all waiting to get in to the lot. Without even saying anything, Sloan got out of the car and ran across the grassy divider toward the store, weaving between all the cars attempting to navigate the parking lot she nearly knocked over a young family who was leaving. She flew through the store, around the corner, and of course, oh god, a fucking line.

The McDonalds had 2 unisex bathrooms, and there was a massive crowd in front of them. Mostly parents and their desperate children. Sloan felt like she was having a panic attack. It felt like the universe just really wanted her to pee her pants today. Like when she had been denied at the church, Sloan felt her body urging her to just give up, to just pee all over the floor of this McDonalds, humiliating, but at least she would be comfortable again. She felt like she was going to black out, when she felt a tap on her shoulder.

"Excuse me, are you in line?" It was a mother with two kids in tow

"Um............. no... go ahead"

Sloan turned and ran back outside, better to at least pee herself in the parking lot right? She immediately spotter her Moms car, still not even inside the parking lot yet, and ran for it. She jumped back in to the passenger seat and immediately used both her hands to forcibly pull her tight dress up to her ass so that she could bury both hands in to the crotch of her boyshorts. She turned and saw her Mom giving her a bewildered look.

"The place is jammed" she cried "Just take me home, NOW"

She left one hand in her crotch, and bent over and buried her face in the other one. She could feel the sweat on her forehead with one hand, and the sweat between her legs with the other. Her urethra was pulsing, throbbing, doing everything it could to make her soak her Mom's car seat in front of her entire family.

Still looking down, she felt the car speed back up, it was only about 10 minutes back to the house, but Sloan really didn't think she could make it. She had to pee so bad she felt like she was going to vomit. She felt water logged with liquid. Every time she felt the car slow down she looked up and felt like she was going to lose it. She turned to her right, trying to hide herself from her Mom, and used one hand to pull the waistband of her boyshorts away from her bloated abdomen, thrusting the other hand down to hold herself more directly. She was pretty sure she hadn't actually let any pee out, but her panties felt swampy, as though the pee in her bladder had been radiating out and raising the humidity inside her pants

Finally, she felt the car make a left turn in to their neighborhood, she looked up and could see the house approaching, she was going to make it. Just a few more minutes and she would be free of this pain.

The car pulled in to the driveway and Mom stopped the engine and quickly got out and started in the garage. Sloan prepared to make her run for it. She wasn't even going to pull her dress back down, she was just going to run straight in. She got out of the car and quickly hobbled in the garage, hoping none of the neighbors were watching, burst in to the house after her Mom, ran straight to the bathroom, kicking the door closed she pulled down her boy shorts and panties in one shot, sat and down and YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS

A blast of pee shot out of her so hard it ricocheted off the porcelain and splatter the bottoms of her thighs. She let out a guttural moan as finally, finally, she got the relief she had been continuously denied. Her stream went on and on, powerwashing the toilet bowl as she felt her bladder slowly start to deflate. She was gasping for air, as though she'd been holding her breath the entire time she'd been holding her pee. She could finally relax again. She peed a strong stream for well over a minute, and then sat and caught her breath for a few more, before washing her hands, straitening herself out, and exiting the bathroom.

Abby, her middle sister, was sitting at the kitchen table and Sloan felt the blush return to her cheeks when she saw her.

"I've never had to pee that bad in my life" she said

"I know" Abby replied "It's ridiculous that they didn't have any bathrooms there, I might have wet my dress if Marcy didn't ask to go"

Sloan proceeded up to her room to change, and she pulled on a more comfortable pair of pants, ready to relax for a bit before driving back to college, her phone buzzed and she looked down to see a text from Brian. Her shot up in to her throat, the blush returned again.

"Hey, it was really great to get to see you today!"

"You too" Sloan responded, before adding "I'm sorry we had to rush out..."

"It's okay" Brian shot back instantly "It was crazy that they didn't have any bathrooms, pretty much everyone left after you guys did for the same reason, I thought I was going to wet myself in the line at McDonalds, it was crazy"

Sloan smiled, relieved that he wasn't going to think less of her for her emergency.

Brian continued "Anyway, we should definitely get dinner or something when we're back for summer break"

"I would love that" Sloan responded, before letting herself fall back on to her bed, still exhausted from her ordeal.

