My walk with Betty

Author: watcherw

*000*2016-11-16 18:56

I remember the first time I looked at a girl, and felt myself growing hard. She had long black hair with a white streak on the back of her head. She was slim, and had nice, slender thighs and long, long shapely legs. She lived near our home, and I used to see her quite often as I walked home from the bus stop after school. It was a most pleasurable experience, and I soon found out I could enhance my pleasure by masturbating.

It actually took a few months before fantasies to develop which accompanied my masturbation, but within a few months, I found myself thinking about another girl, Hazel, who lived across the street. She too, was slim and had long legs. I remember seeing her standing outside her front door, frantically pounding on the door bell, her legs squeezed tightly together in what was obviously a desperate attempt to stop her self from wetting her pants.

Almost immediately, I was aware of an extraordinary reaction in my body. The way she was standing with her knees bent, banging on the door bell with one hand and clutching herself with the other was a tremendous turn-on. I had found my fantasy! And ever since then, whenever I see an attractive (young) woman with long legs, I visualise in my mind her last few moments of desperation as trickles begin to run down those shapely legs as she loses control and starts to wet her pants. I am most definitely a ‘leg’ guy, and I wonder if others of us who are turned on by female desperation tend also to be the same.

My favorite scenario is the young woman who is wearing a fairly short dress which shows off those great legs - especially if the dress material is of a type which shows wetness by going dark. Blue denim is just right. For me, watching the streams run down her legs is the real dream - streams jn the air do nothing for me. All through high-school, and into first year at university I kept my fantasy to myself. I thought others would think me sick if I mentioned it. I saw a few girls in desperation, but never had the thrill of seeing a real pant wetting accident.

At the end of my first year in University, I went for a holiday with some friends to the west of Ireland. When we arrived at the guest house on Saturday afternoon, I met a really attractive girl called Betty. She filled my fantasies completely: She was slim, blond, and had long shapely legs. She had a distinct tendency to wear shortish skirts. Very soon, to my joy, we were spending the first evening chatting together. The next day was Sunday, and we all went to church (it was a christian guesthouse!). After church Betty and I went for a walk along the shore. She was wearing her best, red dress, which came down to about two inches above her knees. Soon we were holding hands. After half an hour or so we stopped for a rest in a small shelter, near a cliff called the “Diamond Rocks”. We sat down on the bench, and started kissing. I remember how incredibly hot her lips felt, as if she was really excited. After a few moments. she leant forwards and said in a tense little voice:

“I’m embarrassed, I’ve sat in a damp patch.”

Well, I was certain that was not true, for I had seen the bench before we sat down, and it was dry as a bone.

“Well, stand up then” I said.

Betty blushed and stood up, then turned around. Sure enough, there was a round damp patch about 3 inches across the back of her dress. She turned to face me, and in a moment I was holding her very close.

“Betty”, I whispered into her ear, “I think you’ve wet your pants - right?”

She pulled away from me, tears welling from her eyes - “No, I haven’t” she snapped crossly. Then she was silent, as if ashamed of her cross response to me, and looked at me steadily with those lovely hazel eyes. I took her hands in mine and drew her close. She did not resist, and in a moment she whispered the sexiest words I could imagine:

“I am desperate - I don’t know what to do” she moaned.

“Just let go” I urged, sitting down on the bench while she stood facing me, still holding onto my hands.

Betty didn’t say anything. She let go my hand, clasped her hands together and pressed them tightly between her knees, pressing her dress tightly against her crotch. She leaned forwards from her waist, and bending her knees squeezed her legs tightly together. Then she groaned, and I heard the faintest hissing sound as she started to wet her pants. In a moment or so, a dark patch began to well up under her wrists, quickly working its way down the front of her red dress as little trickles began to run down between her thighs, curved around the back of her legs just below her knees, and then swirled around the lower part of her legs and over her ankles.

That image of Betty wetting her pants has stayed with me all these years. Her shapely legs dripping wet, the soaked front of her dress as she wet through her panties into her hands. The agonized expression on her face as she looked down at her soaked dress, her long blond hair hanging down in front of her shoulders.

Afterwards, we ran through the surf to conceal her accident by both getting soaked inj spray from the Atlantic breakers which splashed over the rocks.

###

So, that was my first, and probably most vivid experience of seeing an attractive young women wet her pants. As I went through college I tried to manipulate other girls into situations where they were desperate, but really found it unsatisfactory. They would invariably be able to hold it for longer than I thought possible, apparently reaching a ‘plateau’ of discomfort. And of course, they would be very irritable and that was not at all conducive to the type of intimate interaction which affords the best views. Almost always they were able to find some place to relieve themselves in a conventional; manner before desperation turned into disaster.

So, I changed my tactics, and through graduate school and later a single postdoc fellow, I used to talk about my fantasies in a non-threatening manner when the girl and I had reached a high level of confidence. If she was not turned off by my suggestion, we would, after a few attempts, have some great ‘deliberate desperation’ situations. These for me were the best, because the prospect of seeing her wet her pants really turned me on, and the longer she was able to hold on, the harder I became. Also, she was spared the humiliation of public embarrassment. And if the girl was not interested in this - we usually just became good friends while I followed up other leads.

During my 10 years of university life, I dated about 15 girls. Of these, 3 became regular panty wetters, and four others managed to do it at least once.

&&

