Pokemon Request Trade - Page 2

Author: wheatley

*025*2016-02-20 00:49

And thus, TO BE CONTINUED! but not now. really makes you wonder who Rudy actually is.

*027*2016-02-20 03:40

{{: 

L wklqn wkdw Xpeuhrq'v vlwxdwlrq zdv d elw uxvkhg

}}

I don't know why but I just see what looks like a glitch of random gibberish. IS it a glitch?

*029*2016-02-20 06:39

Alright, that would make more sense. Well since I actually CARED to decipher it i'll see if I got this right. (22-5-18-25 3-12-5-22-5-18, 12-5-7-5-14-4-1-18-25)

Caeser cipher: I think Umbreon's situation was bushed.

*031*2016-02-20 21:12

Ok, i'm in charge of the next part, so i'll set it up here.

###

*Emboar's POV*

After we got the message from the boss, we used our badges to warp to the mystery mines, a secret area where the boss set up base. It was a base made for hiding, mining up ores, and it had jail cells so we could keep the prisoners locked up. Umbreon was trying to resist, but Haxorus had him chained by the neck to his arm. The boss came in, wearing a cloak covering all of his body except for his feet, which were very thin.

Rudy: Well well well, so we finally get to meet again, Umbreon. Let's get this started with a couple of drinks.

Umbreon: Rudy! You little snake! What are you planning!?

Rudy: Well, I see you want to get to the point. Guess that should save us some time. Listen, I've been making some real progress collecting these gems. I've gained the power to control space, matter, and even the great power of the pokemon types! There's just one problem.

Rudy used his power to pop up a hologram showing the mystery dungeon area, and post town.

Rudy: I want to take this power and take over all of this filthy world. Unfortunately, something seems to be blocking me from taking this power outside the mystery dungeon zones. That's where you come in.

Umbreon: Of course! The Mystery Dungeon's border! I've been studying this for ages!

Rudy: You help me take down this border, and i'll let you go. We can create a new world! A world of amazement! We just need that simple thing from you.

Umbreon: I'll never do it! not for ANYTHING you give me!

Haxorus: Hmm... not one for a bribe, huh? Then how about a THREAT!

Rudy: Good call, Hax. Alright, let's get this over with, Emboar' throw the squirrel kid's badge into that there doohickey.

Emboar: yes sir.

I threw the explorer badge into the machine, which discharged it of it's power and tracking signal. Meanwhile, Rudywas getting ready to make Umbreon talk. With some serious thunder.

Umbreon: No! NO! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-

*Pikachu's POV*

I was at work, trying to find the signal from Emolga's badge. Oshawott, Emolga and Dunsparce were in the other room, getting patched up.

Emolga: Ow, ow, OW! Can you be a little more gentle please!?

Swanna: Sorry. I didn't think you were hit that hard.

We took quite a beating from the last battle. And now that we saw Their true power, we knew we needed to get to work. I kept working with my exploration badge, trying to get the signal of Emolga's badge to pinpoint their location. Speak of the devil, I eventually found it.

Me: Guys, I found the signal!

Everyone came over to see what was going on. We could see quite a lot from the area. There was a mineshaft, some pokemon slaves mining ore, and a cloaked pokemon torturing Umbreon.

Oshawott: What are they mining? It looks really unusual.

Dunsparce: I... I know this ore!

Everyone was surprised to know that DUNSPARCE of all pokemon knew what we were looking at.

Dunsparce: This is Mysterite. It's a very unnatural ore that creates unexplainable phenomenons wherever it's aura is produced. This is the ore that creates the ever changing floors of mystery dungeons.

Emolga: Well, first, how do you know this!? Second, why are they mining it?

Dunsparce: It's possible t harness the energy of this ore, but it's very complex. And, uh, I've been hit in the head by one of those crystals before.

We were trying to gather information for the coordinates, but the signal cut off before we could pinpoint the location.

Oshawott: Wh- what happened!?

Me: the signal cut off. They must have known we used the badge to track them down last time.

Emolga: Well how do we track them down now!?

Me: Wait, i'm getting another signal from the same area! It's coming from... Espeon!?

*Espeon's POV*

Emboar: Well well well well well. Looks like we have a spy in our midst!

Espeon: Let me go you brute!

Umbreon: Don't hurt her!

Rudy: Well, I see you have something for your sister here. Well then, LOCK HER UP!

Emboar took me to the jailroom and threw me in the cell. He shut the door, then left me with my "lunch". It was just some milk and a single seed. I drank the milk, but the seed wasn't worth eating. I had no choice but to just sit in the cell and wait for someone to help. I lied down on the floor, and then ended up falling asleep.

*Pikachu's POV*

We finally managed to get to the mystery mines, where Umbreon and Espeon were supposedly captured.

Emolga: Wow, these crystals are so weird!

Dunsparce: Don't touch that!

Emolga: What? why?

Dunsparce: well, do you want to turn inside out? grow another appendage? maybe explode into a bunch of cubes?

Emolga: Point taken.

We kept working our way down into the dungeon, seeing more of the ore sticking out of some of the walls. It took a long time to get through the dungeon, despite the lack of pokemon natives. After what seemed like an hour, we finally made it to the mines.

Oshawott: Wow, that's a lot of pokemon.

Dunsparce: They must be enslaved to mine the ores.

Me: Don't forget guys, we have to watch out for the cloaked pokemon.

???: Yeah, watch out for that cloaked pokemon. Oh wait, I'M the cloaked pokemon!

Emolga: ... He's right behind us, isn't he?

Cloaked pokemon: Yep.

Emolga: And he's planning to surprise attack us, isn't he?

Cloaked pokemon: Yep.

Emolga: GOD FU-

We were pushed into the open by some sort of psychic wave. The cloaked pokemon walked over casually and greeted us.

Cloaked pokemon: Well well well. Looks like we finally meet Oshawott and Pikachu. Who are your friends, Squirrel boy and some overstuffed snake? Ah, i'm just kidding, I know who you are Emolga and Dunsparce.

Emolga: Who are you!? How do you know us!?

Cloaked pokemon: The name's Rudy. I've had my goons keeping the heat on you for a few days now. Come on out guys.

Two big pokemon walked in from another room in the cave. It was Emboar and Haxorus. We could see Haxorus had Umbreon chained to his arm by the neck and covered in burn marks.

Oshawott: UMBREON!

Umbreon: Guys! Rudy, what are you doing with them!?

Rudy: Well, I could just take them out right here and now, but where's the fun in that? I'll leave my top recruits to take them out. Go crazy guys!

Haxorus unchained Umbreon from his arm, and shoved the free end into the wall. Then we got into a battle that would end it all.

*Espeon's POV*

I woke up eventually, still in the cage and still as stiff as I remember. I yawned, trying to wake myself up with a bit of shaking. I was still tired, but something woke up. I uncontrollably shoved one of my front paws on my crotch, trying to keep myself under the control of the excruciating pain on my bladder. I hobbled over to one of the cell walls and leaned my back against it.

Me: Now would be a good time for a rescue!

I shoved my other paw into my crotch and crossed my legs as hard as my weak body would let me. The problem about these cells is it's just an empty room with a slab of concrete for the bed. No toilets was a major problem for me as well, considering my little problem here. I tried to cross my legs tighter to keep my grip and keep it from coming out, but my efforts were in vein.

I could hear some fighting coming from the mies, considering my cell is right next to the room Umbreon is in. Eventually I could hear the voices of the ones fighting, and someone crashed through the jailroom door.

Oshawott: Ow, that's gonna leave a mark.

Me: Oshawott!

Oshawott: Espeon! What happened to you!?

Me: Emboar locked me up in here. I'd try to escape but I really need to go right now.

Oshawott: Alright, hold on. I can't break the lock, and we need the key. once we take out Emboar ad Haxorus we'll grab the keys and get you out of here.

Me: Please hurry!

Oshawott ran back into the room where the fighting was happening. I was expecting them to finish it a few minutes later, but it took over half an hour. By that time I couldn't hold it for much longer. I could hear the battle going on outside, and I got distracted as a spurt of urine escaped my crotch. I whined and pushed against my crotch harder. I could hear more and more chaos, and over every few seconds a spurt would escape and make my need even worse than it already was. Once I heard someone crash against the wall, I knew I couldn't hold out.

I picked myself up and hobbled over to the dark part of the cell behind the slab, still leaking and spurting until I got there, then my bladder went and burst right then and there. I felt the urine slip through my paw, down my legs, and onto the cold stone floor. This went on for a simple minute before it all came out. During that minute I was moaning in relief, finally able to take a lot of pain off my lower half. A few minutes later Oshawott came in holding the keys.

Oshawott: Alright, I got the keys! Now come on, we're getting out of here!

*Oshawott's POV*

I had to jiggle through all the keys until I found the one opening the cell. Once I did the cell opened.

Me: Alright, we're getting out of here!

When we got to the room where the others were, Rudy was there, not ready to let us go.

Rudy: SERIOUSLY!? Emboar, Haxorus, you had one job! ONE! JOB!

Emolga: HAHAHAHAHA! Is that the best you got!?

Dunsparce: Um, usually when someone says that the antagonist usually has a last-

Rudy burst with energy and lifted us into the air.

Dunsparce: Stand...

Pikachu: Oh GREAT JOB EMOLGA!

Emolga: Shut up.

Rudy: Well, I see you care about these twerps, huh Umbreon?

Umbreon: What are you- Oh no. Rudy, you wouldn't!

Rudy: Would and WILL! Give me the answer to bringing the border down or i'll destroy these kids one by one!

Emolga: I swear when I get down I am going to electrocute you into nothing!

Rudy: Oh, tough guy, huh? Well You'll be the perfect demonstration!

Rudy lifted a finger, separating Emolga from everyone else, and then slammed him into the walls, roof,and floor of the room. Multiple times. At extreme force. By the time he finished, he dropped Emolga on the ground covered in scrapes and bumps from the beating.

Emolga: *extremely weak crying*

Rudy: Oh, don't look so down kid. It literally could have been a lot worse. Alright Umbreon, start your yapping if you don't want the rest of them ending up with something worse than Emolga's beatdown!

Dunsparce: Oh my god... You little jerk! You're just as bad as I remember!

Pikachu: Wait WHAT!? Remember!?

Rudy: Huh? Oh man, Axel buddy! I never recognized you!

Me: AXEL!?

Dunsparce: Ugh... me and my big mouth.

Umbreon: Rudy! That ore really HAS changed you.

Rudy: Well you know what they say. If things don't go your way, ya gotta cheat your way to what you want! Especially if you're the villain!

Rudy snapped his fingers, and then a void opened, vaccuming up everyone's strength and power straight from our bodies.

Pikachu: AARGH! All our power! It's draining away!

After a few seconds everyone collapsed on the ground, including me. Rudy closed the portal and walked up to the spot where he was standing over me.

Rudy: Sorry kids, I honestly didn't want to hurt you. We could have just called it off and you could have gone down peacefully. But no, you had to go and be the hero. Well kid, in my world, heroes don't exist.

Me: You won't... get... away with... this...

Rudy: Nighty night kid. Nighty night. *evil laugh*

*to be continued*

*038*2016-03-08 03:38

{{: 

Hey guys, really sorry about the delay. I've been really busy these past weeks, but I'll try to get the stories up asap

}}

That would explain the delays. but hey, I'm not charrrrrrrrrrr... *attempts to reboot self*

{{: 

*starts having stupid thoughts about this*

}}

Hey, cut him some slack. it's not his fault everyone likes making him work.

*040*2016-03-08 04:50

{{: 

That is not why I had stupid thoughts.

}}

Oh. Sorry.

