The House Party

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2015-10-23 03:51

Clare McIntyre was going to wet herself.

Or maybe she wouldn’t, but either way Cal had never seen anyone so obviously, frantically, blatantly desperate as Clare McIntyre was the moment he turned from the dimly lit hall into the alcove outside the bathroom in Rob Stevenson’s house.

She was pacing with small steps and biting her lower lip in desperation. Her right hand pressed her short black dress firmly against her crotch. And then she saw him, smiled, stood up straight, and moved her hand away so quickly and smoothly that in Cal’s inebriation he might have believed that he had just imagined that Clare really, really needed to pee.

Except that she was still bouncing. And that she said, “Hey. How’s it going?” and then without waiting for him to reply, “I am literally about to pee myself!” She grinned at him. It was even possible, Cal thought, that she might need the bathroom as much as he did. Possible, but not likely.

He’d put off this bathroom trip way, way, too long. Which wasn’t like him, but when you are mostly smashed on Karloff and Sprite at one of those house parties the Summer after finishing High School and Laura Presting, fucking Laura Presting, is wrapped around you on the lounge with her tongue halfway down your throat and your hand three-quarters of the way up her dress you don’t get up to go to the toilet until you absolutely have to.

Cal absolutely had to go to the toilet. If Clare hadn’t been standing there in the tiny alcove outside Rob Stevenson’s bathroom door he would have definitely held himself as well. But Clare and Cal certainly weren't good enough friends to be touching themselves in front of each other. Drunk or not. So instead they just paced and bounced.

“Yeah. Um. I have to go as well.” Cal finally answered.

Clare grinned again. “Well you can’t go before me. Dude before me has been like five fucking minutes already. Actually…” She banged on the door and got a muffled “Just a minute!” in reply.

“George Mitchell if you are taking a shit in there I will fucking kill you! Like literally dude!” She smiled back at Cal to suggest she was just joking. She might have been. She switched gears. “So Cal… You and Laura, eh? Punching above your weight much?”

“Uh… Yeah I guess.” That hurt his feelings. He knew it was true, but true things always hurt more.

Clare put her hand on his shoulder, without stopping her bouncing for an instant, “Dude. I’m kidding. You’re a really good guy you know… And trust me, Laura really isn’t all that.”

She stopped bouncing and crossed her legs quickly. “Fuck it. I can’t wait. I’m going to have to go in the backyard.”

She took three steps past Cal then turned her head and called back. “Are you coming? Or are you planning on wetting yourself waiting on George’s bowels?”

###

“I’m going to pee behind this bush.” Clare motioned to an overgrown Grevillea without looking back. “Keep watch for me, eh?” She was effectively out of sight. If Cal stared at the bush he could maybe, sort of, tell that someone was behind it. But he didn’t really need to stand watch for Clare, there weren’t very many people in the backyard. None at all this far down. Rob’s family had a big yard full of shrubs and trees. There could be half a dozen people peeing down here right at this moment and Cal wouldn’t have known.

He didn’t mind though. Walking had helped take the pressure off his bladder, he didn’t even need to go any more. It must have just been sitting on the lounge or standing outside a bathroom door that had made him feel like he was busting. He’d wait for Clare and then go see if Laura was still waiting for him inside.

“I feel literally 1000 times better!” Claire exclaimed as she reemerged from behind the Grevillea. “OK, so… Oh!” She looked surprised for an instant and then asked in the voice she’d used earlier, when she’d reassured him that she thought he was a good person, “Have you have an accident or something?”

“What?” Cal said in confusion. Clare flicked her eyes down to his jeans for a beat.

The moment he saw the darkness down his legs he felt the wetness. “Oh shit..” his voice rose in pitch.

Clare put her hand on his arm, “It’s cool, don’t worry about it, these things happen.” She grinned at him. “Swear I won’t tell anyone.”

“I think I better head home now.” Cal mumbled in embarrassment. Clare spoke quickly, she had always got excited planning things. “I’ll cover you. Walk up the driveway next to the fence, most people have gone inside or gone home. I’ll walk between you and the house. It’s pretty dark. No one will look twice anyway. We’ve got this!”

Cal’s heart pounded the entire walk up the driveway to the street in front of the house. She was right though. The few people outside didn’t even glance at them. “Well good luck on the walk home, dude.” Clare flashed her grin. “I’m going to go the other way” She nodded toward the other end of the street.

“Yeah. Hey… Thanks Clare… You’re a really good person yourself.”

She rolled her eyes, “See even if you didn’t just pee yourself I’d know you were drunk now.” She took a step away and then stopped, “Hey, have you ever wet yourself before?”

“No.” Cal answered quickly and with indignation.

Clare looked at his face for a second, “You’re lying!” She grinned at him, “I can tell!” And then pivoted on her heel and walked away from him.

Cal turned sideways to every passing car to try to hide his jeans from the drivers in case they were someone he knew. He didn’t get home for over an hour.

By that time Clare was long asleep in her bed, her wet knickers in the wash.

*003*2015-12-06 22:30

Thanks guys. I actually really liked this one myself. I had vaguely considered doing a bit more with this setting but I might write something else instead. Fun fact! Clare is heavily based, personality only, on a girl I had a massive crush on in high school. I feel like I captured her pretty well here. :)

