Ana, the Butrint Guide

Author: wether

*000*2025-12-13 12:42

This is another story written in parts. The main character is Ana, an Albanian student who works during her holidays as a tourist guide in Butrint, an ancient Roman city, an important monument in south of the country. She finishes her last tour this day, but...

Ana, the Butrint Guide (1)

“Thank you all for this shared adventure. I invite you to explore our other landmarks,” said Ana, watching the group of tourists slowly disperse toward the parking lot. She sighed with relief, thinking that this was the last tour of the day. In her mind, there was only one thing: rest, eat something, go to the bathroom, freshen up. The heat was unbearable, and sweat trickled down her neck, even though she tried to maintain elegance and professionalism.

Before she could head toward the building with the restroom, she heard the loud voice of her boss, Mr. Nikolla.

“Ana, take one more group! It’s some tour from Czechia or Poland; they’re impatient because they’re rushing to catch the ferry to Corfu!” he called, leaning out of the small office at the entrance to the archaeological park.

Ana stopped mid-step. Her dark eyes flashed with slight hesitation. “Okay, but could I…” she began quietly, discreetly pointing toward the building where the toilet was.

“Go with them; you’ll get double pay,” her boss interrupted, waving his hand as if the matter was settled.

Ana was a petite brunette, like many in the Butrint area. Her dark brown eyes and black hair, tied in a tight ponytail, added to her charm, though she never considered herself particularly exceptional. She came from a small village nearby, where life moved slowly and everyone knew everyone. From childhood, she had been fascinated by history—both the ancient ruins left by the Romans in Butrint and Albania’s rich traditions, which, after years of communist isolation, were reviving and attracting crowds of tourists. This passion led her to university in Tirana, despite the long, exhausting trips on an old, rattling bus. The journey took nearly the whole day, with crowding and stuffiness being everyday realities.

Ana’s summer job as a guide in Butrint was the fulfillment of her dreams. Not only could she share her knowledge, but she also eased the financial burden on her family and improved her English, which sounded more fluent every day. She loved wearing traditional Albanian costumes, seeing in them not just beauty but a way to promote her country’s culture. That day, due to the heat exceeding 35 degrees, she opted out of heavy, dark fabrics. She wore a light linen shirt—a këmishë—with delicate embroidery around the collar and cuffs, and a light, pleated skirt—a fustanella—reaching almost to her ankles. Over the shirt, she had a burgundy jelek, a short vest, and around her waist a fitted burgundy brez that held up the skirt. On her feet were opinga—flat leather shoes with slightly upturned toes. Though she respected tradition, underneath she wore modern cotton boxers; traditional pantalons, called çitjane, would have been too hot in such weather.

Ana took a deep breath, trying to ignore the discomfort from lacking a moment to freshen up. She smiled broadly, as always, and headed toward the new group. The tourists, chatty and somewhat disoriented, waited at the park entrance. They were loud; some waved maps, others took photos. Ana adjusted her jelek and approached closer, ready to begin another tale about Butrint—the place she loved with all her heart.

*003*2025-12-13 16:06

{{2 hours ago, MikeB said:

Great story, I’m waiting for the next part.

}}

Thank you!

{{54 minutes ago, Ant7 said:

Great. When you continue the story?

}}

Thank you, I will upload the next part within few days, maybe a week at maximum.

*007*2025-12-17 13:12

Part 2

Ana stood before the new group, adjusting her skirt and summoning her warmest smile. “Welcome to Butrint, a UNESCO World Heritage Site!” she began in English. Her voice was confident even though she felt growing discomfort inside. “This ancient city, founded by the Greeks and later expanded by the Romans, is a treasure of history, with ruins that tell stories of over two thousand years. Follow me, and let’s explore its secrets together!”

The group, mostly tourists from Poland, followed her, looking around curiously. Ana led them toward the first ruins, trying to focus on the story of the Hellenistic walls and Roman mosaics. In her hand, she held a water bottle—in the heat, she had to drink to moisten her throat and not lose her voice, though each sip reminded her of her full bladder. She knew it was unwise, but the dryness in her mouth was unbearable. Carefully, she took a small sip, feeling the cool water bring relief but also increase the pressure in her lower abdomen.

The tour was supposed to last two hours, and Ana was already feeling the growing need. She tried to walk calmly, stepping gracefully to avoid betraying her discomfort. They reached the ancient amphitheater, one of the highlights of the route. “This is the Roman theater, built in the 3rd century BC,” she explained, pointing to the stone benches. “Underneath, there’s a natural spring, and sometimes you can even hear the water flowing.”

As if on cue, a faint splashing sound echoed from somewhere in the distance, as if water had moved in an underground channel. Ana froze for a split second. The sound, though quiet, triggered a wave of panic in her—the pressure in her bladder suddenly became stronger, almost painful. Instinctively, she pressed her legs together, feeling her muscles tense in a desperate attempt to maintain control. Fortunately, her long, pleated fustanella effectively hid the gesture, and the burgundy brez tightly encircled her waist, giving her confidence. She discreetly glanced around the group, looking for signs that someone might have noticed her momentary weakness. Most tourists stared at the amphitheater, taking photos or whispering among themselves.

However, one man, dressed in beige shorts and a linen shirt, seemed to look at her a bit longer than the rest. His light eyes, hidden behind sunglasses pushed to the top of his nose, followed her attentively. Ana wasn’t sure if he was simply listening with interest or if he had noticed her nervous movements. She felt her cheeks flush but quickly averted her gaze and continued the story, trying to maintain professionalism. “The theater could seat up to 2,500 people…” she said, though her thoughts revolved around the growing discomfort.

Each step toward the next ruins—the baptistery, the basilica—required her to focus more on controlling her body. Another reflexive sip of water only worsened the situation. She felt her bladder protesting, and the warmth of the Albanian sun didn’t help. She wondered how much longer she could hold out. The group was large, and the tourists asked questions, forcing her to stop and stand still longer. That was the worst—movement allowed her to somehow release the tension, but standing motionless made every muscle in her body beg for relief.

The man in beige shorts glanced at her again, this time with a slight smile. Ana couldn’t shake the feeling that his gaze was too intense, as if he saw more than he should. “Maybe it’s just my imagination,” she thought, trying to calm her nerves. She focused on the ruins, the history, anything to distract from the burning need. But deep down, she knew the next hour would be a true test of her endurance.

*010*2025-12-21 07:27

I am glad you like the story, so here's the next part. Enjoy!

Part 3

Ana led the group toward the next stop—the Byzantine basilica, whose mosaic floors, though partially covered with sand for protection, still delighted the tourists. The sun blazed relentlessly, and dust rose with every step, irritating her throat. She reached for the water bottle to moisten her lips but immediately regretted it—each sip was like a treacherous blow to her overfull bladder. She knew now that she wouldn’t make it to the end of the tour. Two hours was too long, and the restroom remained a distant dream.

As she walked a narrow path between the ruins, her gaze involuntarily drifted to clumps of bushes growing on the edge of the archaeological park. There weren’t many—just a few scraggly shrubs and low olive trees—but for a moment, the thought crossed her mind that she might be able to squat there discreetly, just for a moment, to ease the burning need at least a little. She immediately pushed the thought away. Her traditional upbringing and pride in her role as a guide, representing Albanian culture, wouldn’t allow something so unprofessional. What would the tourists say? What would her boss think? Yet the temptation was strong, almost desperate.

She stood before the basilica, explaining the history of the mosaics to the group, but her voice trembled slightly, and her thoughts scattered. All the while, she clenched her thighs tightly, trying to make the movements look natural under the long, pleated fustanella. She dreamed of grabbing between her legs for just a moment to physically stem the growing pressure, but she couldn’t—not with so many eyes fixed on her. Instead, she tried to focus on the story, though every step, every pause, was torture.

Suddenly, she remembered her aunt Mirjana’s story—an older Albanian woman with gray hair and a warm smile, who always had childhood tales ready. Mirjana once told how, as a girl, she played hide-and-seek with friends and cousins among the hills near Butrint. She hid in the bushes, but her cousins were close, so she had to remain absolutely silent. The problem was she really needed to pee. Unable to move, she eventually let a little go in her traditional çitjane, and the wetness spread down her legs. She laughed about it, as if it were a funny childhood anecdote. But Ana wasn’t a child playing hide-and-seek—she was an adult woman, a professional guide responsible for a group of tourists. She couldn’t allow such an accident.

Nevertheless, as she spoke about the basilica, her hand instinctively moved to her lower abdomen, as if gentle pressure could help in any way, as if it could stop the inevitable. She felt the muscles in her lower belly trembling with effort. “Let’s move on to the next stop,” she said, trying to sound confident, and turned to lead the group toward the Lion Gate.

Mid-turn, it happened. Her tired muscles failed her for a split second. She felt a short, treacherous sting, then warmth—a few droplets broke through her resistance and landed in her cotton boxers. Ana froze mid-step, clenching her thighs with all her strength to regain control. Her heart pounded faster, and her cheeks burned with shame. She lowered her head, praying inwardly that no one had noticed her momentary panic. The long skirt fortunately hid everything, and the wetness was minimal—for now. But the awareness that it had happened, that her body had betrayed her, made her feel vulnerable.

She raised her eyes to check if anyone had noticed. Most tourists walked ahead, occupied with conversations or photographing the ruins. But the man in beige shorts and linen shirt was looking at her again. His gaze was calm but intense, and the corner of his mouth lifted in a barely noticeable smile. Ana couldn’t decide if it was just her imagination or if he really had seen something. Maybe he was just listening attentively? Or maybe… he knew? She felt her pulse quicken, and the need became even more unbearable. She had to somehow make it to the end of the tour, but every minute felt like eternity.

