Jamie's Story

Author: wetstories

*000*2018-05-17 09:56

It all really started when Jamie was in her senior year in college at a large university and she unexpectedly became pregnant. Jamie had been a bit of a party girl in her first few years in school but in the last year or so she had really buckled down and made a serious effort to graduate with honors to have a better chance at getting into graduate school. Jamie was fairly certain she knew who the father of her baby was but she was not ready to tell him that she was pregnant. Jamie was so focused on school she couldn’t be bothered to worry about the concerns of having a baby right now. Jamie was able to put the thought behind her when she realised that she would graduate at least a month before giving birth. She could deal with this she thought to herself, besides not much would change in first few months anyway right?

Jamie was sure she could hide her pregnancy from everyone and continued to go to class as usual. About three weeks had passed without much incident from the time Jamie learned that she was pregnant but that was about to change. It all started one day when Jamie was sitting in her senior biology class and realised that she had pee, and bad. Jamie was no stranger to this, she had a bit of a storied past with being in situations like this and she often wondered why her she put herself in situations like this. If she had planned ahead Jamie would have chosen a different seat that was easier to get out of but on this day Jamie had no less than 10 people on either side of her sitting in a severely cramped auditorium. Jamie told herself that their was only 15 minutes left in the class and she could hold it. 10 minutes passed and Jamie was now in full on desperation mode. Jamie could not remember a time where she had become so desperate so fast.

Jamie was becoming extremely worried that she would not make it to the bathroom before peeing in her pants. Every time Jamie was desperate like this she would always think about that times that she actually had not made it to the bathroom on time. Most memorable were the incidents that occurred during her freshman year of college when she first discovered alcohol and nightclubs. Jaime smiled when she recalled the time she was at a club and was quite drunk when a random older guy was hitting on her relentlessly. Jamie was too nice to tell him to shove off, but she really wanted to get away from him and get home.

To make it worse Jamie really needed to pee and she had already saw that the bathroom did not have an exterior door. Based on how relentless this guy was Jamie half expected he might follow her into the bathroom. Just then Jamie got an idea she couldn't believe she was actually considering. Jamie thought that if she peed her pants just enough that this guy could see she a wet spot on her pants she would finally have the excuse she needed to get away from the guy and get home. Jamie did not have time to consider this further as the alcohol had made the decision for her as she felt the bottom of her panties get warm.

Jamie was wearing grey leggings that were quickly getting soaked as she tried to clamp down and stop peeing herself. Just then the guy noticed what was going on. Jaime had a good laugh when his face went pale, like he had seen a ghost. The guy never said another word to Jaime, he just walked away. The first part of her plan worked, though she was still peeing and she was not sure she would be able to stop. Jamie clamped down as hard as she could, putting her hand between her legs to help. Only then did Jamie realise how wet her pants already where! Jamie looked down and saw that two wet streaks on the inside of her thighs had reached down past her knees!

Once outside in the cold air Jamie knew she was in trouble because she still had to pee, possibly more know than when she first let go in her pants. Jamie saw a nearby bench that sat back from the sidewalk and was situated over grass. Jamie knew instantly that this was her opportunity. Jamie sat down on the bench, relaxed her bladder, and started soaking her pants. Hot pee flooded through her panties and into the back of her grey leggings for what must have been a full minute. There was no hiding that fact that Jamie’s pants were soaked but she was too drunk to care. Jamie was enjoying her pants being quite warm when she spotted a girl who she knew lived in the same dorm that she did.

Jamie could not recall her name but noticed she was walking alone and hurried to catch up. Jamie tried to stay slightly behind this girl to hide her wet pants but as soon as they got under a street light Jamie noticed that she was not the only one in wet pants. This girl had an obvious wet spot on the back of her pants that looked like she wet herself sitting down. Jamie called to the girl and noticed that she was crying. When the girl saw Jamie she tired to hide the fact that her pants were wet but just like Jamie’s pants, there was no hiding it. Savannah started to cry when she noticed that Jamie had seen her wet pants. Jamie immediately gave the girl a hug and told her it was ok. Jamie remembered that the girls name was Savannah. Savannah saw Jamie’s wet pants and seemed to take some comfort in the fact that she was not alone. Savannah asked Jamie what happened to her.

When Jamie told her first about the creeper guy and then about intentionally finishing peeing in her pants once outside Savannah began to cry again. Jamie knew that Savannah was quite drunk as well but did not know why she was crying until she saw the fresh streaks of pee running down Savanna’s jeans making its way to her feet and then pooling on the ground. Savanna peed in her pants for over a minute just standing in place. Jamie looked away to give Savanna some privacy but Jamie wondered if the Savanna’s tears were because she was actually upset or if it was just a distraction because as soon as she was finished relieving herself in her jeans Savanna’s sobs tuned into a smile as the two girls laughed about their “predicament” as they would call it in the future and walked home together.

Jamie smiled about this memory as she felt her panties get warm. Jamie quickly realised that she was still sitting in class and jammed her hand between her legs and squeezed as hard as she could to try to stop peeing. Jamie thought she stopped for a moment but then the teacher said something that was funny and Jaime could not help but suppress a small laugh. This was more than Jamie could handle and she felt wetness pooling in the seat of her chair, soaking her jeans. Just then the teacher dismissed the class but Jamie was not done peeing and she knew she could not stop now. Jamie remained in her seat and finished releasing her bladder into her pants.

Jamie was mortified on the inside but did her best to make herself look normal to anyone around. Soon the room was empty and Jamie was able to assess her situation. Jamie saw that some of her pee had overflowed the seat and soaked into the carpet below her. Jamie was thankful that this happened when everyone got up to leave and no one could hear her pee splashing on the floor. When Jaime stood up she thanked herself for wearing dark shorts today. Jamie was able to make it out of the class and to her car without anyone noticing her pee soaked shorts.

When Jamie got home she pondered what had just happened to her. Jamie had been desperate hundreds of times before and while she was not stranger to wet panties, either on accident or by her own doing, she had never had a full on accident while she was awake. Jamie was concerned but she had to quickly shower and change as she had a dinner/ study session with some friends to get to. Jamie first picked out a light colored dress to wear but then recalling the days earlier incident she decided to go with a dark colored skirt instead.

When Jamie got home several hours later she immediately sat down in her chair and got on the computer. Jamie could feel her soaked skirt dampening the chair beneath her but she could not be bothered to worry about this now, she had to figure out what was happening to her. A few hours and several websites later Jamie learned that she was likely suffering from a type of incontinence that many pregnant women experience. Jamie felt a little better knowing her “incidents” were a symptom of her pregnancy but knew she would have to do something about it, after all she probably could only use the “I spilled a drink on myself” line with her friends about one more time before they called bullshit.

The next day Jamie went to the store knowing exactly what she needed to buy. During her research she had come across many women who swore by a product made by a brand she had never heard of before called Tenna. Jamie had heard of poise products before but this was supposed to be a better brand, more suited for her specific type of issue. Other women on the forums mentioned that they can lose their bladder control and slowly empty their entire bladder into these pads. Jamie purchased the most absorbent version of the pads, just to be on the safe side, or so she told herself.

Jamie got back home and opened the pack of her new protection and decided that she should try one on. Jamie could not beleive how thick the pad was as she secured it into her thin panties. Jamie pulled her panties up with the pad inside and the pad touched her for the first time. Jamie couldn’t decide how she felt about it about the feeling but Jamie suppressed a mischievous smile when she realised that she had not peed since before she went to the store.

*001*2018-05-17 10:03

This was my first attempt at a story on here though I have been reading all of yours for many years. I have many more chapters planned for this story if people like it and I have other stories in my head that I would like to type up at some point though my ability to write is sporadic. Hope to write more soon.

