OmorashiVille (Night with the ladies, finale. Part 4)

Author: Wildagram

*000*2021-12-14 05:11

Three very desperate girls remain, Alicia, Kionna and Sydney. All three women are in their panties, potty dancing, screaming in agony, grabbing their crotches and jumping up and down. Anna returns with a bowl full of crumbled up notebook papers.

"Alright ladies. Since you girls are extremely desperate, I decided we'll do two challenges only." That's a minor relief for the remaining girls. "Now Wildagram would you please pick a piece of paper?" Anna says. So, I did what she asks and opened the piece of paper. It says: "DO THE JACK-O CHALLENGE FOR 10 SECONDS."

All the ladies were shocked. Alicia is shaking her head in disbelief, Kionna is cursing at herself and Sydney is almost in tears. Maria, Jordan and Cady felt sorry for them. Almost.

"Good luck with that senoritas!" Jordan mocks.

Alicia is angrily crying, gripping her crotch with such force that veins are popping out of her hands. Her red lace panties are about to be history, she can feel it, the others can sense it too.

"NNNNN-NNOO!! I-I-I'M NOT DOING THAT!!!!" Alicia angrily yells. For her it's embarrassing. I try to console her the best way I can.

"Alicia, I know you badly need to pee," Kionna and Sydney almost screamed and immediately grab their crotches as they heard the word "pee". As I was trying to finish what I was saying, Maria suddenly pulled me back as Alicia was grabbing herself, bending over as a torrent of pee shot out of her like a cannon. Now we're down to 2.

"You're welcome, I just saved you from washing your shoes." Maria said to me calmly.

"I, uh, thanks. Appreciate that." I replied. But Alicia was ticked. She lost horribly.

"AAARRGGHH!! C'MON! I just brought this pair yesterday!!" Alicia now sits frustrated in the kitchen with other eliminated girls.

Only 2 left. Sydney vs. Kionna. It all comes down to a Jack-O pose.

Both ladies start jumping up and down grabbing themselves, walking in circles. Faces blood red with deep concentration. Keep in mind, both women were in their panties in attempt to ease the pressure but to no success.

Suddenly Sydney took off her fogged up glasses, whipped her sweaty hair back, slowly spreading her legs in a wide stance and bended her upper body forward until her chin almost touched the ground. While she was doing this she was continually fidgeting. Hell, she was doing the Jack-O pose and grabbing her crotch at the same time. The girls including me was shocked as to how she's doing this with a full bladder. Maria and Alicia looks impressed. Anna is smiling so wide that it's a miracle her cheeks aren't hurting.

Sydney fidgeting taunts Kionna "T-TTT-Top that, Mrs. Granny Panties!!"

"Y-you know I will!!" Kionna responds weakly as she prepares to spread her legs. Everybody looks on, leading at the edge of their seats as Kionna slowly spreads her legs inch by inch until we hear a dripping sound and a loud splashing noise hitting the ground.

"NOOOO!!! ARE YOU SERIOUS??!! ARE YOU FRICKING SERIOUS?! You can not be serious right now!! I lost control because of a f***ing JACK O CHALLENGE??!!" Kionna shouts as she continues to flood her orange granny panties. Sydney is the winner as the girls all start applauding her. Sydney is just sitting down grabbing her crotch with her legs crossed looking ditzy. Me and Anna congratulate her.

"CONGRATS GIRL!! You win!!" Anna shouts jumping up and down. But Sydney doesn't realize she's won.

"You okay?? That was one hell of a holding contest." I said. All these ladies earned my respect and the respect of their peers as Alicia and the rest of the girls are fist pumping each other.

"I-I-I Won???" Sydney weakly says as she suddenly pees herself with a relieved look on her face. "At least I won." She says laughing.

A minute later we hear multiple loud banging on the door which scares everybody. I open the door to see a beautiful woman jumping from foot to foot grabbing her crotch with tears in her eyes and her hair a mess. She was in a business suit with a pencil black skirt. It hit me that the lady was Bonnie and Taylor's landlady: Lexi Rivera from Costa Rica.

"S-SORRY!! but can I use your bathroom? I don't think I can make it to my house.." She asks.

"Sure." I said. I can't just say no. Lexi bolts in the room Sonic The Hedgehog style and darts to the bathroom door only to yell: "WHAT THE F***??!! WHY ISN'T IT OPENING??!!"

That's when we all saw a combination lock on the door knob. We all know who was responsible. Anna. We all looked at her with a "really, are you serious?" glance.

"Oops.. hehehe.. the combination lock was meant for the winner. But since Sydney wet herself I didn't had the chance to get to that and well... I don't know to unlock it.."

"WWWWWHHHHAAATT???!!" Lexi yells lifting her skirt and stomping on the ground holding herself with her pink sultan panties. She's full on crying nonstop banging on the wall with frustration.

"Anna, dude!! What the hell were you thinking?!" I said.

Sydney face palms in disgust, Jordan is shaking her head with her arms crossed, Alicia and Cady are feeling bad for the poor landlady.

"Girl, your not right. None of us knows the combination to unlock it! Not cool." Kionna says. Not believing Anna's own stupidity.

"Those locks are meant for lockers!! So that's what you were doing at the beginning of the contest?!" Maria states as a long squirt of pee shots out of the behind of Lexi. Then it basically nothing she can do as a stream of pee shot out of her butt, soaking her pink panties. As she finally stopped she was staring daggers at Anna.

"Umm... GOTTA GO BYE!!" yells Anna as she runs out the door leaving her phone behind.

Lexi takes her heels off, lowers her skirt and darts after her. Her face is red with anger. "YOU LITTLE... GET. BACK. HERE!!!"

The girls just stood there with their soaked panties on, just staring at them. Then the girls suddenly grab Maria and put down onto Jordan's knee. It was spanking time as punishment for losing first.

"What the... oh yeah, I was the first one out wasn't I?" Maria said as each female took turns spanking her as Kionna records it on Anna's phone and sends the whole video to Bonnie.

"Bonnie and Taylor are going to love this." Kionna told me.

"You're going to return Anna's phone back right?" I asked. Kionna shook her head.

"Hell no. At least for a couple of days. Chick needs to learn not to let her omorashi like ambitions get the better of her. We love the girl, but she needs to chill. Plus she always have spare one." Kionna says.

After the spanking is done, all the girls and said goodbye to me and went home with new found respect for each other as I stayed behind cleaning up. I now became a new member of their friendship circle which was awesome. In the distance I can hear Anna yelling: "BEST. NIGHT. EVER!!!" while still being chased on the streets by Lexi. While i call Bonnie and Taylor explaining the whole story.

Days Later, me, Bonnie and Taylor watched the holding contest on my LG Smart TV. What a crazy night with the ladies, but it was awesome.

But one thing for sure is: at least I didn't get my ass kicked by an enraged landlady. Poor Anna.

The End.

Sorry if it's a bit too long.

