Classroom trouble (multiple wettings)

Author: Whpwhp

*000*2020-03-01 00:51

Hannah is wearing a school shirt with a skirt and tights

Ruth is wearing a school shirt and light blue panties with a skirt. No tights.

Katie is wearing a skirt and a school shirt.

Danni is wearing trousers and a school shirt.

Hannah looked up from her book. She couldn't believe the girls bathroom where closed for repairs for the whole day. As she looked around she saw that she wasn't the only one thinking the same thing. She saw her best friend Ruth shift in her seat, her short skirt revealing a flash of light blue underwear. She saw Katie glance at the clock nervously, undoubtedly thinking about the remaining 2 hours of the day. She even saw the Danni the cool girl undo her trouser button subtly to ease the pressure. Hannah had been needing to go for hours now, and with a double period of maths she knew that she would have to work hard to make it home without any accidents. She readjusted herself and straightened her skirt, she put her head down and got on with the work.

An hour later Hannah noticed that the situation was getting dire. Katie was now non-stop fidgeting with her pen and moving about frequently. and Danni and Ruth where following suit. Hannah shifted again and tried to get on with her work.

After another 40 minutes however she could no longer concentrate. Her need was bad. Her bladder ached, her tight belly was swollen at the bottom and she felt like it she was about to burst. An urge came along and she bent over subtly. She contracted all the muscles of her crotch and held in her pee. She continued to shift in her chair for the next 10 minutes when all of a sudden she noticed Katie thrust her hands into her crotch. Her legs where shaking and her eyes where watering. Hannah knew what this meant, Katie was on the verge of wetting herself too. She watched as katie fidgeted and grabbed at her skirt for the next 5 minutes until all of a sudden she tensed up and started crying. The sound of water interrupted the quietness of the room. Katie rushed out of the room crying. Hannah thought it almost looked as if she was still peeing as she ran.

Hannah couldn't help feeling bad for her. But her sentiment was cut short by her own desperation to pee. She now had her hand permanently in her crotch grabbing through her grey panties and skirt. She could feel the pee on the edge and was also shaking. Danni suddenly got up and started to walk out of the classroom. Hannah saw she was on the verge of tears and was bent over with her hands on her crotch. She left the classroom despite the teacher asking her to sit back down.

Hannah glanced over at Ruth and then the clock. Only 5 more minutes left. They could do this. Hannah bit her lip as another urge came over her. She held it back yet again and remained dry. She was now moving alot and was slightly rubbing herself to hold it in.

2 minutes left and another urge came over her. She fought back and tensed all her muscles. She couldn't stop a small droplet of urine escape her pee hole. She felt the drop trickle down her vagina and reach her panties. Crap. She couldn't believe it. She was failing to hold in her pee!

The bell rang and she got up and raced out the door. Ruth came up behind her whilst doing a pee dance and asked "Could i please go to your house i really need a pee and it's closer"

"Only if i get to use it first, we are in the same boat" Hannah laughed awkwardly. They passed a group of girls speaking and laughing about how Danni wet herself when she bumped into them. Hannah and Ruth both hurried off for the 5 minute walk back to hers.

2 minutes into the walk and Hannah was so close to wetting herself she was ready to thrust her underwear down and squat if it started to come out. She looked over to Ruth and noticed she was a couple steps behind. Ruth was bent over and was holding her crotch. "Hannah it started to come out so I had to stop. I... I don't think i can hold it... Fuck I... I... can't its..." Hannah watched as urine trickled down Ruths bare legs and onto the sun bathed path. Ruth started to cry as she tried to stop the flow. Hannah suddenly felt the her bladder spasm and felt a small trickle leak into her panties. She stood there not knowing what to do. She couldnt abandon her best friend as she wet herself. She decided to wait until Ruth was finished.

"I can't believe i just wet myself. Please don't tell anyone" Ruth said after she had finally drained her bladder.

"I won't don't worry but can we please get going or im going to pee too" Hannah said.

They set off again. Hannah hadn't ever been this desperate. She longed for the toilet that was only about 3 minutes away. She found herself wondering what it would be like to empty her bladder into a toilet. This thought track however caused her to feel even more desperate and she focused on the walk instead.

They reached her front door and hannah took her bag off to look for her keys. She opened the bag and searched for the keys. An urge came over her and her bladder spasmd causing her to leak into her panties. She felt a trickle of pee run down her leg. She paused for a second and regained control. She dived into the bag yet again and found the keys. Shaking and in panic, Hannah knew she was in her last seconds of control. She got the right key and shoved it into the key hole and turned it. She raced in and threw her bag on the floor. She reached the toilet door and thrust it open. Her bladder spasmed and a spurt shot out of her burning pee hole. She doubled over and grabbed at her now wet panties through her skirt. She felt the pee connect with her tights and she felt to the floor. Another spurt came shooting out and into her clothing.

She got up as her bladder spasmed uncontrollably letting leak after leak after leak into her clothes. She grabbed at her tights and yanked them down. She started to cry as they got stuck just under her panties. She couldnt stop the constant spurts. She yanked and pulled at her tights but in her panic she failed to get them down. She felt pee running down her legs as her fatigued bladder sent spurt after spurt into her soaked panties. Then all of a sudden her bladder gave way. She fell to the floor defeated and broken as she finally allowed her muscles to relax. She felt the pee errupt from her into her clothes and onto the floor with a steady hiss. The flow was constant and powerful. She felt the warm pee spread throughout her butt cheeks and vagina and legs. She was shocked to think it felt good. She had failed yet the feeling of the pee coming out and into her clothing made her feel excited...

Hope yalllll enjoyed :))

*004*2020-03-02 15:49

{{3 hours ago, Jane Jones said:

Great story, I really loved it!

}}

Thank you :))

{{22 hours ago, Alnitak said:

Lovely story, now I'm wondering what happened to Danni

}}

Maybe i will upload more then... :)

{{On 3/1/2020 at 3:02 AM, Melificentfan said:

I really enjoyed that story

}}

Thankssss :))

