Flow of Nature

Author: Wolfie

*000*2011-09-26 08:16

This is a very long story, so I hope you can get through it all! It's got alot of sexy bits, so I hope you don't get bored reading it! ;)

###

The morning came, and the light shone into Ryan's room. How beautiful it looked outside today; the sun was shining, the birds were chirping, and even the flowers and trees looked pretty as well. Ryan didn't know why, but for some reason he seemed to love the nature around him, instead of cars and tv's and video games. But then again, maybe it was just him.

While looking from inside his bed, he suddenly saw the unthinkable thing at his window. A fairy; naked and beautiful from head to toe! Her blonde straight hair reached down to her pink wings, and she actually had purple eyes that glittered like magic. Her breasts was small, like the virgin she was. And her belly button was perfectly cut and sunken in, with a small glimpse outside just to show the viewer. She stopped by and smiled when she saw Ryan looking intently back. But she quickly fluttered off when the footsteps began to come closer to his room.

"It is 8:00; out of bed." His father barks at him.

Ryan lept out of bed; he had to, even if it was a Sunday. He learned to follow everything his father told him to do, or else he knew there would be big consequences.

So after eating his breakfast, his father returned to him again.

"I want you to mow the lawn on the front and backyard."

"Yeah, alright." Ryan says.

"Hey! I won't have any backchat! It is 'yes father'." He quickly yells. "Now go outside!"

Ryan went outside, shaking his head. Alot of times he never knew how to please his father, no matter how hard he tries. He's like a machine or a drill seargeant. And all he knew was work work work, and nothing else but work.

Ryan never knew his mother because she died giving birth to him. But deep down he knew he was like her than his father. He always loved nature, but he could never find a nature-loving girl at his school.

While Ryan was mowing the lawn, he suddenly started feeling some water on top of his hair. He looks up, only to find the same fairy he saw earier that day. It was a blissful sight, because from his position he could easily see her wet vulva, dripping from her urine.

"Ahhaihaha..." She giggles, fluttering around him.

"Uhh... did you pee on me?" Ryan asks, with a bit of a blush.

"Of course I peed on you!" She giggles back. "It means good luck. I wish you all the best."

Soon she flutters forth again, and before Ryan knew what happened, she kissed him on his nose.

"Augi augi." She says in another language. "I'll see you again tomorrow!"

The fairy suddenly flies away again, leaving Ryan bewildered and relaxed. He has a fetish, even though he doesn't realize, because he always loved to see a girl wet herself. Sometimes he even found pleasure in wetting himself, despite his father's detest. He would always try to do it before he had a shower. It was one of the few pleasures he had in life. But now, seeing the fairy again made him want to try to pee himself on the spot.

After the lawn was mowed, Ryan had to do even more work, even though he had school the next day! After it was done, Ryan felt completely exhausted.

"Did I do a good job?" Ryan wearily asks his father.

"No; you were 13 minutes late! Now get to bed!" His father aggressively points.

Ryan makes his way to bed, where he lays in bed with tears streaming down his eyes. His sight began to turn blurry, and nearly fell asleep before noticing the beautiful fairy outside his bedroom. She kisses the window, leaving a little pink mark in the shape of a heart. But her cheerfullness faded away when she saw how sad Ryan was. She sat down, as close as she could get from the outside window seal. And soon, that's all Ryan could remember. He was fast asleep.

"7:00! Time to get up!" The yelling came through his whole room again. "Get up! Now!"

"No... I can't." Ryan lightly sobs. "Please give me some time."

"Denied! Get up now!" His father cruelly yells again.

"Father... please! I'll get..."

"If you do not get up now, your schooling career will cease!" His father harshly interrupts.

Ryan falls silent; his school was his life. Even though he didn't have many friends at school, it was the only break he could get from his father.

"So be it. I am disappointed with your slack behaviour! Now, get up at 8:00, or I will drag you out of bed!" He threatens, before leaving the room.

Ryan couldn't help but cry all over again. He couldn't take all this treatment anymore, even though he was 16 years old. He was still too young to move away from his father, which tormented him more than anything. All he wanted was a calm and peaceful life, and the right girl who was just like him.

Soon he heard a little tapping sound from the window; Ryan turned and saw the fairy once again. He reached over and opened the window slightly, and she flew inside and came up to his face again.

"You don't seem happy. What's wrong?" She asked.

For the first time, he noticed that she wasn't her usual cheerful self, but very worried.

"It's my father; he cancelled my school." He rubs his eyes clear. "I don't know what to do anymore! I think my life is over!"

"No, it can't be." She kneals down on his cheek. "Please don't take your life! I'll never stop crying!"

Ryan lightly touches her transparent wings, noticing how beautiful she was. "But what can I do?"

"You could come with me," She stands up. "And become a fairy."

Ryan squints a bit. "Is that even possible? I'm not sure..."

"Yes of course it is!" She smiles for the first time. "But only if you want."

Ryan rose up while the fairy fluttered over to the window seal again. It was a very nice offer, but could Ryan even do it? Still, he always knew he was close to nature, and this would be an excellent way to run away from his father's tyranny. And besides, it almost felt like he was in love with the fairy. She was beautiful, kind, didn't mind peeing on him, and she even cared alot for him as well. It felt like she was natures gift.

"Yeah okay, I'm ready." Ryan smiles in return. "But before we go, I'm just curious. What's your name?"

She stood in front of him, so there eyes could meet. "Glarial."

They left early before his father could see, and they ran as far away as they could. They cleared nearly 1 mile before they entered into the forest. Inside was lush and quiet, just what Ryan needed. He couldn't help but thinking of Glarial; how he could have sex with her as a fairy. Now he knew he was in love with her.

"Isn't it peaceful here?" Ryan said to her.

"Yes, it's so nice. I never get tired of it." Glarial replies.

After awhile of walking in the forest, they finally stop by a small stream.

"Okay, it seems safe here." Glarial says. "Okay, first you have to take your clothes off."

"Take my clothes off?!" Ryan awkwardly says. "Why?"

"It's part of becomming a fairy." Glarial smiles at his awkwardness. "Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with being naked."

"Yes but... ehh, I don't know..."

"Aww, don't worry it's all normal." Glarial sweetly reassures. "Besides, I'm naked as well aren't I?"

Ryan couldn't miss how beautiful her body was. It's a meaning of nature; beauty in an unaltered form. Maybe that's what he will become as well. So, Ryan proceeds to take off his jumper and t-shirt as well as his shoes and pants. He was a bit hesitant with his underwear, but finally removed them off; revealing his penis which was errect from all the beauty.

"Wow... you have a beautiful body." Glarial lightly remarks.

"Your body is beautiful too." Ryan returns.

She smiles, and flutters close to his face. "It's a meaning of nature, and becoming a fairy." She smoothly says.

She rests her body on the top of his nose, where he notices the beauty of her nipples, and feels the tingle of her vulva on his nose. Soon he begins to feel a jet flow out from between her legs, and the lovely smell of urine and flowers tenderly hit his sense of smell. He brushes her hair and lighly touches her breasts, before wetting himself on the spot too.

They continued further into the forest, and Ryan couldn't help but feel closer to nature. It was a natural instinct, which felt as close as eating or sleeping. Soon Ryan wasn't even worried about being naked anymore. It was as natural as the air he breathed.

Soon they arrived at a small river, which had its own waterfall flowing clean water into it.

"Now, there's another thing you need to do." Glarial tells him. "You have to go into the water and dive in. Just dive in, that's all. And once it's done just return to me."

"Okay." Ryan makes his way in.

The water was cold, but still felt nice against his naked and exposed body. The water only came up to his hips as well. So Ryan bent down and dived cleanly into the water. When he arose, Glarial looked back with a gleeful eye.

"Oh it's great! How do you feel?" She calls with joy.

"Just normal, i..." he quickly stops in his sentance.

Something's going on; his voice has all changed! He feels around his body, and notices that his breasts have grown bigger. His penis is gone too, and further below is a large slit, which is supposed to be a new vagina. He's not a boy anymore! He just turned into a girl!

"Oh my goodness!" Ryan screams. "What happened?"

"It's part of becomming a fairy." Glarial tilts her head delicately. "You're now a girl."

"Bu... but... why couldn't I stay a boy??" Ryan gasps.

Glarial slightly frowns. "Because there are no fairies that look like boys."

Ryan slaps her forhead in shock of realization. She didn't know how to take things which changed into her new future.

"Oh, and I think you'd need a new name now." Glarial smiles. "What will it be?"

"Uh... umm..." Ryan stutters in shock, before noticing the wings on Glarial's back. "Just call me Violet."

After awhile, Violet (formerly Ryan) got over her inital shock and accepted who she was now. But one thing still stuck in the back of her mind; how could she love Glarial now that she's a girl? Maybe all fairies were lesbians, which is a natural part of reproduction? Violet didn't know. But she knew she had to ask Glarial about it later, because she knew that deep down she loved her as well.

Glarial flew close to her lounging body. "Okay, there's one more step left. Are you ready?"

"Yeah, I guess." Violet says, before noticing how dark the day was. "Hey, isn't it a bit too dark for it? Maybe we should wait until tomorrow."

"No it's okay; it's all part of the process." Glarial smiles.

Violet sits up. "Okay. What do I do?"

Glarial flutters close to her face again. "Just lay back, relax, and think about becomming one with nature."

So Violet obediantly lays down on her back with her eyes closed. All she could hear was the chimes of Glarial's wings, before she felt her land below her neck.

"Don't worry about what's going to happen. It's all natural." Glarial reassures.

"Alright." Violet agrees.

Soon she feels Glarial walk down her body; inbetween her breasts and past them until she reaches her belly button. She feels Glarial kneel down and gently reach down into it. Then Violet felt something placed into her belly button, before Glarial takes off. She lands again on the tip of her foot, and slowly walks up her leg until she reaches her hip. To Violet's surprise, she touches the tip of her slit where her vulva is, and gently massages it with both hands. She flutters down inbetween her legs and continues to delicately massage her skin, giving her a bit of pleasure. Soon she opens it wide and starts massaging the entrance to her vagina. Glarial continues massaging for a full 5 minutes. The pleasure was so great, that Violet feels a build-up of pleasure (or something) deep within her body. Then before she knows it, she accidently released her pee right onto Glarial by mistake!

"Oh sorry! I didn't mean to!" Violet quicly tries to reasure.

But Glarial only giggles in joy as she continues massaging her hole.

"Don't be. It's a loving act that nature gave us." Glarial giggles back. "It means you wish me luck, so thankyou." She tenderly says.

Violet was happy that at least she gave something kind back to Glarial, just to show how thankful she was. Now peeing did feel awkward now, but soon it won't feel anything less than a natural and beautiful act.

Soon, Glarial squeezed herself into Violet's vagina, but she didn't care. Nor did the other. It was all part of turning into a fairy; a journey to becomming one with nature. Soon Violet felt her lower body pulse, and a wave of pleasure sweep throughout her body. But she knew Glarial was okay; safe in her vagina. Now she fell asleep.

Violet woke up the next day, and everything seemed to have grown biger. But it wasn't that everything has gotten bigger; she has grown smaller! Violet was now the same size as Glarial! She quickly checks her shoulder blades, and found two beautiful wings behind her back! She did it! Violet is now a fairy!

"Glarial! look; I'm a fairy!" Violet joyfully calls out.

Glarial flutters back, with a joyful smile on her face. "Congratulations! I knew you could do it!" She smiles. "I hope you didn't mind, but I had to plant a seed into your vagina to help you transform."

Violet waves her hand. "Oh, it doesn't matter. It actually felt good. Everything is all clear now. But I've still got 1 question left." Violet brings out. "Are we... close friends?"

Glarial looks confusde. "Close friends? What do you mean?"

"Umm like..." Violet didn't know how else to bring it out. "Will we ever have sex together?"

Glarial looks even more confused. "Sex? What's that?"

Now Violet was getting a bit confused. "You don't know? Umm... how do you reproduce? How... where do more fairies come from?"

"Well, the only way we can have more of our kind is to invite a human to become a fairy."

Violet slaps her cheek. "You're kidding!"

"No; unfortunately that's the only way we can now, since the curse was placed on us." Glarial laments, close to crying.

"Oh, nevermind. You can tell me another time." Violet places her hands on her shoulders. "But I have to admit something: I love you, ever since I first saw you. Do you think there's... some way we could be close friends?"

"Umm, we're already friends!" Glacial smiles.

Now real the truth has finally sunk in. They're only best friends, but not in a relationship! Violet couldn't help but feel broken hearted, but Glarial came closer toward her.

"Don't worry; you'll always be my best friend." Glacial says.

She draws her closer until their breasts press together, their belly buttons touch, and they kiss on the lips - for the first time.

Violet soon became accustomed to her new life, as a naked fairy who joyfully loved nature. One day, she flew back to her original home; where her old farther used to annoy her. He didn't seem to care that Violet was gone, he just got back to his normal militaristic life. From above the house, Violet could see him working on the car, rubbing some wax on its body. So Violet flew down until she was above his head. She closed her legs tight, looked up to the sky, and allowed the pee to naturally flow out of her body. It sprinkled out of her vulva and trickled down her beautiful legs, before dripping down her toes.

"What the...?" Her father looks up. "Oi! Get away from me."

He tries to swipe her away, but he's way too slow! She flutters past his slow swipes, and down to his face.

"Don't worry, I've just gave you some luck." Violet laughs. "Sal sal, my friend. Goodbye."

Violet smiles and flew back into the open sky. Soon, she started soaring back to her new home, with only one thought in her mind.

"He will be ok, now that I gave him some luck." She says with a smirk. "Some... bad luck, that is!"

*002*2011-09-26 11:00

Aww, thanks for liking my story. I really had a lot of fun writing it too.

The funny thing is, I know I love seeing the belly button of a girl. I think I have a fetish for it as well, because I love seeing it even when the rest is covered. But... is there a name of a fetish for belly buttons?

Yeah, I really love fairies. To me they're like an earth angel that maintains nature all around it. And I'd love to see one pee in real life, if they existed. Just the idea of peeing for good luck seems like the cutest thing I could ever imagine.

I'm thinking of writing a second part to the story, where it continues on the mysterious curse of the fairies. But I'm still only thinking about it. However, if anyone really wants to see it, please send me a message! I'd love to do it as a request for someone.

*006*2011-09-29 04:51

Okay, I've got the layout of the next part. I've decided it's going to be in 3 parts. If anyone's interested in seeing the layout of the second part, please send me a message!

Okay, I've got the layout of the next part. I've decided it's going to be in 3 parts. If anyone's interested in seeing the layout of the second part, please send me a message!

