FInal Test

Author: watcherw

*000*2016-12-07 22:21

THE FINAL TEST

By Watcher

(Based on the original document April 1996 “TEST ANXIETY” by LAWRENCE MORGAN and retitled, edited, restructured, and enhanced by WATCHER December 2016)

###

THE FINAL TEST

By Watcher

(Based on the original document April 1996 “TEST ANXIETY” by LAWRENCE MORGAN. Retitled, edited, restructured, and enhanced by WATCHER March 2012)

I still remember the midterm exam that I gave in the summer semester of '94 like it was yesterday. I was teaching a 4th year Biochemistry course, and had only ten students in the class; Biochemistry. was not a popular course during summer term, because it met five days a week for two solid hours.

There were four guys in the class and six girls. Lynne was the prettiest. She was about twenty-one years old, and just finishing her final year in college. She was also one of my brightest, most attentive students. She was rarely absent, always prepared for class, and usually sat in the front row.

It was a hot day in late May, and Lynne came into class in a white tee shirt with some sort of environmental message on it (I think it was something to do with Earth Day) and a pair of fairly tight khaki shorts. She was barefoot, her sneakers tied to the straps of her backpack.

She had a large soft drink with her, and I could hear the ice sloshing around as she took her seat in the front row. It was about eight minutes before the hour. Other students filed into the room slowly, chatting idly about the exam, the weather, and other things. I looked over the exam one last time, searching for any errors that my teaching assistant might have missed. Lynnen took a long drag on the straw of the paper soft drink cup, and I heard the ice protest once again. It sounded like the cup was empty. She searched through her backpack, lines of frustration crossing her face, and finally produced two pencils and an eraser.

I could hardly take my eyes of Lynne, her long dark hair, her long perfectly shaped tanned legs and thighs, accentuated by her short tight shorts. It seemed she sensed my gaze, for as I sat at my desk facing the students, she bent over her desk, lowering her face a little, but looking directly at me for a few seconds, then smiling slightly and dropping her eys down.

“Is she trying to flirt with me ?” I asked myself

I actually only ever had one fantasy about this lovely co-ed girl in my class. I thought about being with her when she was in a desperate situation, squirming around and fidgeting in absolute panic trying not to wet herself, but loosing control and wetting her panties as I looked on. I wished I was younger.

Little did I know that fantasy was going to come true!

With four minutes to go, I asked the class if there were any last minute questions. Tom, the guy who had been absent most of the quarter, wanted to know about the latest in DNA sequencing technology. A few of the other students groaned. If he hadn't mastered that by now, it was unlikely he would pass this test.

The bell rang. To an observer from another planet, we must have looked like rats in some of sort of operant conditioning experiment. I picked up the stack of exams, and my students cleared their books off their desks. I distributed the exams. Some students began working on the first page immediately while others leafed through the exam to get a general idea of what was involved.

"You should have three sheets with five pages of text," I announced. "Make sure you aren't missing any pages." I then informed the class that they had the whole two hour class period for the exam.

The room was warm, so I went over to the thermostat and adjusted the air conditioning. Then I sat down to read the paper. Exams like this can be incredibly boring for professors. My students were seated far enough apart that I really didn't have to worry too much about cheating. But I had to stay in the room, otherwise the temptation would be too great, especially for someone like Tom. I leafed through the paper, occasionally glancing up to see if anyone was trying to get my attention to ask a question. And of course I would take a peek at Lynnen and one or two of the other girls in the class.

After about twenty five minutes, I noticed that Lynne seemed to be shifting her weight and adjusting herself quite a bit. Once she dropped her pencil, and it rolled under another desk. She looked up and leaned forward, but couldn't reach it. So she sat back a bit and retrieved it by grabbing it with her toes. She looked at me briefly and smiled.

Suddenly Lynne sat up straight, grimaced slightly and pressed her palm against her lower tummy, as if she was having cramps. I wondered maybe if it was not her bladder which was fast filling, but perhaps she had another 'problem'. This would not be as visibly stimulating for me, but nonetheless even more embarrassing and messy for Lynne.

The way she was moving a bit restlessly, shifting her weight from time to time, indicated to me that the soda she had drunk was causing the 'problem'. If this was the case, I thought to myself, this may well become the most interesting exam I have ever given. Normally my students get a five minute break in the middle of the period; but today no one was permitted to leave the room until they turned in the exam. And I expected even my best students to need most or all of the period for this test. I couldn’t help wondering what Lynne was feeling and thinking at this time. I guessed she was becoming increasingly aware of the mounting pressure, and realising that she would not be able to hold on for the length of the exam.

Some fifteen minutes later, Lynne proved me right. She got up slowly and approached my desk. She leaned toward me, and said in a whisper, "Can I go to the bathroom?" I had to struggle to keep from smiling too broadly. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. "You can't leave the room during the exam," I said gently. She looked down, disappointed.

"Okay," she said quietly.

Well, I thought, this is definitely going to be better than reading the horoscopes for the rest of the exam. I got up to stretch my legs, and walked around the room a bit. I stopped for a side view of Lynne. She now had one leg crossed under the other; the bottom of her right foot was lightly covered with dirt from running around barefoot. One hand held her pencil, while the other rested on her forehead, giving her a look of intense concentration. I wondered if my hard-on was noticeable. But no one in the class was looking at me, of course; everyone was wrapped up in the test.

As the time passed, Lynne's discomfort increased significantly. With about an hour left to the period, Lynne now had her legs crossed with one on top of the other, in the more traditional female style. But after another five minutes, she shifted her position again, this time placing her left leg under her right leg. She looked up at the clock. I was back at my desk now, and she looked at me briefly. I smiled, and she smiled back. She returned to her exam, uncrossing her legs and placing one hand in her lap. A few more minutes went by, and Lynne crossed both her legs in a yoga style.

By this time I was sure that she was feeling very, very desperate. Even though she had smiled at me, I was sure she was frantically trying to hold on. But with just under an hour to go – she must have realised the hopelessness of her situation, her bladder becoming more and more taut as all the liquid she had drunk at the start of the exam percolated its way through her incredible body and ending up, temporarily, in her bladder.

From Lynne's body language, it was clear that she was in a bad way. I kept thinking about what she must be experiencing as her situation became more and more desperate. She knew that her bladder capacity was soon going to be exceeded.

I wondered – when she “lost the battle”. would she:

A) Hold on, fighting every moment to clench her muscles shut, until her muscles simply 'gave way' leading to an uncontrolled gush into her panties ? And, would she be able to staunch the flow before any damage was visible ?

Or,

B) Would she hold on until the pain became so excruciating that she would deliberately have to let go ?

And I wondered if A) was the path she decided to take, would the “burst” be a sudden gush, or would it be a steady, slow leak, seeping gradually into her panties, until they were saturated and oozing through into her shorts ?

I actually hoped she would go follow A, resulting in an inevitable slow release. That would mean that when she eventually stood up to hand in her paper, the resulting torrent would be much more dramatic.

Anyway, I concluded that Lynne would wet herself before the end of the exam, probably in a controlled manner – at least the first time! And I was very, very aroused in anticipation of what was going to happen!

I got up to walk around again. As I circled the perimeter of the room, I saw Lynne bite her lower lip. She uncrossed her legs once again, this time squeezing them together. I returned to my desk and pretended to look at the paper again.

I was trying to make sure that Lynne did not notice me watching her intently, resting my forehead on my hand as I looked through my fingers at her, hoping that it looked like I was reading the paper on my desk.

Lynne looked incredibly vulnerable, and so alluring. Her body was taught, as she tried to hang on. She wasn't able to squirm around, or jiggle her thighs up and down because that would make it obvious to others what she was going through. All she could do was tighten her muscles to the point where there was a little shake in her thighs from the strain.

Lynne bit down her pencil, and pressed both hands down into her crotch. She leaned back a little, and stretched out her long legs in front of her. Then she seemed to slowly relax, pressing her bare feet on the floor to raise her butt a little off the chair. Then she just closed her eyes and clenched the front edge of the chair with her hands. She crossed her legs once more, looked around nervously. Lynne had long dark shoulder length hair, and I could see some of the hair had ‘slicked’ on her forehead. The exam hall had cooled off a bit with the air-conditioning, so I assumed she was perspiring with the effort of holding on, coupled with the natural anxiety of a girl caught in this situation. I saw her wipe her hand across her forehead, which she then dried off by pressing against her shorts.

From the way Lynne was shifting her position, I was sure this was going to be a deliberate release. I expected the discomfort from her over-stretched bladder was getting too much to tolerate, so she had decided to ‘cut her losses’, letting go and wetting herself for a few seconds to relieve the pressure, without a ‘game over’ scenario. She was probably realising that if she tried to hold on for much longer she would not be able to control the flow when disaster struck!.

I was mesmerized, staring at her crotch, expecting the tell-tail dark patch to appear. In had often imagined seeing a girl as attractive as Lynn in a situation when she was struggling to stop herself wetting, and finally lost the battle. My heart began to pound, because I realised that I might just see that happen !

Lynn leant forwards and pressed both palms against her crotch as she squeezed her legs together. She looked up and saw me staring at her. Her face flushed as she leaned forwards, looking down at the desk, her long dark hair falling over her face. Then she looked up at me again. She glanced up at me again, biting her lip and grimacing as she pushed both hands palm up under her thighs.

I was so fascinated by watching her desperate predicament, and so aroused, that my left hand was resting on my crotch. It must have been clear to Lynne that I was in the midst of a massive erection, because I just HAD to press my hand more tightly against myself.

She bent her face down, still looking at me with those alluring eyes. She placed her hands under her thighs, and as she looked at me, slowly spread her knees apart, so I could see her crotch.

She bit her lower lip, and as I watched a thin dark appeared along the inner edges of her shorts where they touched the chair bottom. A second or two later her crotch was glistening

I was seeing this lovely 20 year old girl wetting herself! And to make it even more arousing, if that were possible, she was deliberately showing me what was happening

The dark wetness spread slowly up her shorts from the chair bottom, the upper margin becoming fuzzy and indistinct as her crotch stopped glistening. Obviously she had been able to stop before the flood worked its way in front of her crotch and dribbled onto the floor.

I got up and walked towards her. She saw me coming and immediately placed her hands on the desk and picked up her pencil. As I descended the steps from the platform, she spread her thighs slightly and I saw her crotch glisten darkly as the wet patch spread out for several inches. Just as I reached her, she flung her hands down and pressed them hard over her crotch as she snapped her thighs tightly together.

Lynne’s head was still bent right over the desk, her long dark hair hanging down over her shoulders onto the desk. She was wearing a T-shirt, and I could see the back of her neck was bright red from her blush. The back of her T-shirt was clinging to her skin because of the perspiration.

She looked up at me, and I was sure there were tears in her eyes. “I’m so embarrassed” she whispered, softly so no one else would hear. I had to lean over close to her to hear that she was whispering “I’m so sorry” as she looked down at her paper.

Now of course we faculty had always been reminded that it could be very inappropriate to make physical contact with a student. But I knew that Lynne was in real distress, and very embarrassed, so I just laid my hand gently on her left shoulder and whispered back ‘Don’t worry, just concentrate on your paper for the remaining hour”.

Lynne pressed her damp palm down firmly on the back of my hand which was resting on her left shoulder for two or three seconds, and as she did so she raised her thighs off the seat a little and leaned back.“Thanks” she whispered softly. I had the distinct impression from the way she gently undulated her thighs, that she was wetting herself a little more while clasping her hand over mine.

“Oh no! I’m sorry, my hand is . . . wet . . . .” she gasped breathlessly.

“Lynne” I said softly “You can go to the bathroom if you hand in your paper, and I’ll pro-rate your marks to allow for the shorter time you used.”

“I can’t” she whispered. “As soon as I stand up I’ll – you know, loose it completely in front of everyone. I’ll just have to finish the paper – you understand ?”

I nodded. I understood very well the predicament she was in. As I walked towards the back of the hall, just to check on the other students, I felt the coolness on the back of my hand from Lynne’s moist touch..

I walked back to my desk. I was incredibly aroused. Not only had I seen such a lovely girl wet herself – even if a little – but she had responded positively to my gentle touch on her shoulder. As I passed Lynne I risked looking down at her shorts. Sure enough, the damp patch had grown in size, and was still glistening at the centre.

It was very clear that a slow, seeping leak was in progress !

There were now 50 minutes remaining in the class period, and I noticed that Lynne had just started the fourth page of my five page exam. I walked to the back of the room and looked over the entire class, while reaching into my pocket to adjust my hard-on. Lynne was definitely going to need the remaining class time in order to finish the exam. Her little wetting would have released some of the pressure, but given the amount she had been drinking, I was sure this was only a temporary respite. I was certain that Lynne knew this also, and was dreading the moment when she would either release another flow, or lose control and soak herself. I mentally gave her 10 more minutes of agony before the inevitable happened!

Well, ten minutes came and went. Five minutes later, Lynne drew in a sharp breath, and snapped her mouth shut quickly. She leant over sideways and reached her left hand into her pack. She fussed around with her hand for a few seconds, and then pulled out a small, neatly folded towel. Pressing down on the desk with her right hand, she raised herself of the char just enough to quickly slip the towel under her. She sat down, and looked up at me, blushed again and looked down at her desk.

“Good thinking Lynne” I said to myself. I reckoned she could probably wet at least one more spurt for a few seconds without risking noisy drips falling onto the floor.

Her legs were not crossed at this point; she squeezed her legs together tightly, but a large damp patch quickly spread across the front of her shorts and began to stretch toward her knees. I looked right at her now, unable to resist this visual treat. She was staring at her lap in horror. Up to this she had she had probably wet herself for maybe only 4 or 5 seconds each time, but this time it was a different story! The speed with which the patch grew in size and spread down her thighs told me that she wasn’t able to stop the gush for maybe 10 seconds or so. And of course her panties would have been soaked from her first wetting. Or, perhaps, her discomfort was so great that she just gave up, and let herself wet into her panties for a longer time. After all, she had already wet herself noticeably the first time, so what had she to lose ??

Once again she stopped wetting, but this time it was definitely showing, although nothing was dripping onto the floor. From the speed with which the glistening damp patch spread down her shorts, I was sure that the little towel was probably saturated. I couldn't help but try to imagine what it must have felt like for her to be sitting in soaking warm panties, on a warm, squishy towel which was completely saturated.

Another ten minutes passed. Lynne placed both hands under her butt and leant forwards. As she did so, I heard a 'drip drip' as she flooded her panties, and it spilled out over her chair onto the floor. Lynne's humiliation was complete! But she managed to stop again, and after a few more dipping sounds the flow must have stopped.

Anyone looking directly at her, or at the floor under her chair, could tell that she had just wet her pants! Fortunately for her, there was only one other student sitting in the front row today, and he was five seats away from her. So no one except me had a frontal view. She looked up from her crotch and stared at me. A soon as she saw I was looking at her, she immediately clasped her hands over her wet crotch and deeply, deeply blushed while still staring at me. I had never seen such a pretty girl blushing like that, and the fact that she had wet her panties so completely made me almost explode! I gave her a half-smile, not knowing how else to react. After a few seconds she bent over and started to doodle with her pencil, not knowing what to do, or how to hide her predicament.

No-one else seemed to notice the dripping.

Certainly she didn't want me to say anything. I simply couldn't let her leave the room. Besides, at this point, getting up would attract attention to her situation and let other people see her condition.

Lynne looked down at her backpack, and then went back to the exam. I began to feel sorry for her. She lived in an apartment off campus, probably with a couple of roommates. Did she have a change of clothes in her backpack? It seemed unlikely, unless she had athletic clothes for a workout or something. She was going to have a hard time getting home without everyone seeing that she had wet herself.

I wondered what would happen if other students noticed what was going on. This seemed inevitable, since they would eventually approach my desk to turn in the exam. Because of the weather, no one had sweaters or jackets of any kind; Lynne had only her backpack and her shoes, and these weren't going to be very effective at covering up her mess. She looked wet enough that I was pretty sure it wouldn't dry before class was over; in fact, if she wet her panties again, it would immediately start dripping onto the floor. I wondered if she was wearing a pad or feminine napkin. Probably not. If she was, it had soaked through quite a while ago. There was even a possibility that she had only a bikini bathing suit on under her shorts. Sunbathing was a popular way to pass the time between classes at this time of year, and judging from her tan, it was something she did on a fairly regular basis.

With twenty minutes left to the class period, the first two students got up to turn in their exams. One walked right past Lynne, handed me the exam, and went back to his seat, passing her again. If he noticed anything, I couldn't tell from his behavior or facial expressions. He picked up his backpack and left without crossing the front of the room.

Since I already had a full view of Lynne's accident, it seemed like her best bet for avoiding some major embarrassment was to wait until everyone else had left the room. She had apparently come to the same conclusion, because she was indeed the last one to turn in her exam. As the others handed their papers in and left, I saw some of them looking back at Lynne as they opened the door to the room. But no one actually said anything because others were still taking the test. When the last two girls left the room, I heard excited voices out in the hall, which slowly receded into the distance.

Finally, Lynne was the only one left in the room. She looked up at me, her face turning a bright shade of pink again. She looked incredibly alluring and sexy – her flushed face adding to her appeal. She stood up slowly, and I noticed a dark stain on the fabric of the chair underneath her. I realised that she must have wet her panties quite a bit more. At least the soft absorbent cushioned fabric of the chair and the towel had prevented a noisy deluge hitting the floor.

I remained sitting at my desk, watching her. I suppose I should have gotten up and walked towards her to collect the paper, and left her to pick up her pack and leave the room. But all the other students had come to my desk and handed their papers to me, so I thought Lynne should do the same.

We stared at each other for a few seconds, then I nodded and motioned for her to bring me her paper.

She got up slowly and started to walk towards me, with little, short quick steps. After a few steps she pressed her hand firmly against her crotch, and biting her lip approached my desk.

Lynne must have been aware of my gazing at her hand covering her crotch. She came right up to the desk to hand me the paper. She was only a couple of feet away when she gasped out “Oh God – NO!!” she flung the paper on my desk and grabbed her crotch with both hands.

Lynne lost complete control. Her face blushed again as the torrent streamed out and gushed down her thighs. She turned sideways and I could see the cascades running down the insides of her thighs and the backs of her legs.

I had never imagined seeing such a wonderful girl as Lynne wetting herself like that. She continued to wet for about 20 seconds, then the flow eased with only little drips dribbling off her soaked shorts and wet panties.

She turned towards me and leaned her hands on the table. “Oh my God” she whispered, looking at me with tear filled eyes. “I am so embarrassed.”

“But you must feel better now!” I said gently.

I stood up and walked around the table towards her. She held out her hands to me. I took her wet hands in mine as she whispered again:

“I’m so, so sorry to have embarrassed you. Well I guess next time I'll know to go to the bathroom before the test."

I relaxed my grip on her hands, but she kept holding mine. I wasn't sure how to respond. She was perhaps 21, and I was 28. The age difference was not a problem, it was just that I was in a position of academic authority, which made her ‘vulnerable’ in the eyes of the college, and in the eyes of the law in our jurisdiction. I really didn't want to embarrass her any further. If she had simply handed me the exam and left, I never would have said a word about the matter to her or anyone else. Well... OK, maybe I would tell a few friends about it, but I wouldn't mention her name. I counted myself lucky just to have seen it.

But her comment caught me off guard. It sounded like she wanted me to acknowledge what had happened. She seemed to want to get it out in the open. Did she want me to apologize for not letting her leave the room? She looked at me.

"You couldn't quite hold it, huh?" I finally said.

"I shouldn't have had all that soda right before the exam," she said. "We usually get a break during class." She squeezed my hands, and I made no effort to pull away

"I'm sorry I couldn't let you go," I stammered. "But we can't have people going in and out during a test. It would create a lot of problems with cheating."

"I know. Don't worry about it." She seemed more comfortable with the whole episode now. “By the way, I have really enjoyed your classes. And” she smiled shyly “I think you are a really neat guy. I’ll be sorry not to have any more classes with you ?”

There was a hint of a question in her voice. “Well” I said slowly, “I believe you are on the college swim team ?”

“Yes” she said, “and I’m taking the evening course for Life Guarding over the summer. This is my final year you know, just one more exam before I have my degree!”

“And I’m one of the instructors in the Lifeguarding course” I said quietly.

She collected her things and picked up her backpack, and glanced at the little flood on the floor in front of my desk. “I have a couple of towels in my pack” she said “guess I won’t be going swimming tonight!”

She mopped up the mess, put the towels in a plastic bag and stuffed it into her pack.

A final thought struck me. "Can I give you a ride home or something?"

"Would you?" She asked. Her face lit up. "This is pretty embarrassing." She managed a nervous laugh. I agreed, and we headed toward the door.

We headed down the hallway. "Uhm... I still have to go," she said quietly. I waited patiently while she disappeared into the ladies' room.

On the way to my car, she stopped and bought a newspaper, which she carried in front of her to cover the wetness on her shorts. But she still couldn't do much to hide the backside. Then she sat on the paper in my car, trying not to get the seat wet. As I drove her home, she wondered aloud what she would tell her roommates. But by the time we arrived, her shorts were almost dry from the sun and the heat. If you knew what you were looking at, it was still obvious that she had wet her panties; but her roommate probably wouldn't notice it if she disappeared straight into her room.

We stopped outside the residence where she lived.

“Lynne” I said, ‘After the exams are all over – would it be OK if I called you?”

“I’d like that very much” she said, smiling at me, and blushing slightly.

“OK - see you at the Lifeguarding Course” I said as she gathered her pack and opened the door.

“Yes” she said, and thanked me for driving her home, and then looked over her shoulder and smiled as she went up the steps to her apartment.

Needless to say, she got an A on test.

###

A few days later I was busy preparing for instructing the Lifeguarding course, which was to be held at an aquatic centre at the other campus across town. I checked my college email and found a message from Lynn, asking me about the time and place for the Lifeguarding course, and giving me her cell number.

I called her and gave her the info she wanted.

“The location is on the other campus across town” I said - “would you like a ride over, I live only a few blocks from your residence.”

There was a pause, then “I'd really appreciate that” she said, so we made finalised the time when I should call at her place.

The Lifeguarding Course included a general First Aid component. The second weekly session we were covering how to rescue someone who was choking by using the Heimlich. My colleague was giving the instruction, and asked me to pick a partner and demonstrate. I was sitting beside Lynn and asked her to partner with me.

We walked to the front of the class. Lynne clutched her throat pretending to choke. I faced her and went through the routine of asking her if she could breathe etc. She shook her head, so I stepped behind her and clasped my hands around her waist while my colleague gave a running commentary on what to do next.

While we were listening to him explaining the background and theory behind the Heimlich, I gently, but firmly held Lynne closer. She leant back against me, tilting her head back so the top of her head was touching my chin.

Then I was instructed to do the Heimlich, which I did, but without the force which would normally be required because this was a demo, and I didn't want to hurt Lynne.

After some scattered applause we walked back to our seats.

I don't remember much more of that session, I was so distracted by Lynne sitting beside me.

During the ride back to her place, Lynne just sat very quietly beside me. As I drove up to her residence, I asked her if she was OK.

She wiped her eyes. “I'm fine” she said slowly, as she sniffed and blew her nose on a kleenex from the box on the console. I realised she was crying.

“What's the matter Lynne ?” I asked, touching her arm gently.

“Well” She began, “You are very kind to give me rides like this

We just sat there, holding hands by now.

“OK” I said, “same time next week ?”

“Y-Yes” she said slowly, “my room mates are away this weekend, would you like to drop by for a cup of coffee on Saturday or Sunday?”

“Yes” I said, “for sure.”

On Saturday afternoon I called her, and she said she was free that evening, so I suggested we go out for dinner and then go back to her place for coffee.

Dinner was very nice. She was a wonderful companion, and I just could not take my eyes off her. She drank two beers.

Back at her place afterwards, she started to talk about a guy she had dated a couple of years before. She blushed and told me that when they were driving back from seeing a movie, her bladder was uncomfortably fulls. Lynn said it was her fault because she should have 'gone' before they left the cinema.

“And why didn't you ?” I asked with a smile in my voice.

Lynn hesitated, and then looked at me saying “I know this sounds weird, but I liked the feel of my bladder almost bursting!”

“Did it make you feel sexy ?” I asked quietly

Lynn gulped hard. “Yes” she said.

“Did you ever overestimate your endurance, and have well, an accident ?”

“Y-y-yes, it has happened” she said quietly. “I wet myself as soon as I got out of his car, as I was walking to my apartment.”

“Lynn” I said softly, leaning towards her across the cofee table. “I have something weird to tell you.”

“What's that ?” she replied.

“It really arouses me to see an attractive girl in the predicament of being desperate 'to go'”

Lynn laughed quietly and seemed a little more relaxed.

“Is that why you kept staring at me during the exam ?” she asked teasingly.

My turn to blush – she had noticed !

“I noticed that you had two beers at dinner, and as far as I know you have not yet. . . . .”

Lynne leaned over and pressed her hands on my knees. “I can't hold on any longer” she whispered, and the desperation in her voice was very obvious.

“One more thing” I said - “when you let go, does it feel a bit like a climax?”

“Yes” she said.

“Seeing you doing that would make me climax as well”

Lynn stood up, her knees bent and pressing her hands into her crotch.

“I can't hold it any more”

I went over to her, and swept her into my arms. We started kissing as I clasped my hands under her butt.

“Just wet your pants” I said between deep gasping kisses.

And she did !

