Bulma Wets Her Bed

Author: WesternWets

*000*2016-06-26 06:12

I wrote this awhile ago and put it on another omo site, but in case people here haven't read it here it is. Hopefully I can write more soon but I'm more occupied with my original works, which also have wetting. But I digress, here's "Bulma Wets Her Bed", a retelling of episode 6 where Oolong drugs her in an attempt to feel her up. Only in this story his intentions are more catered to what we would've likely done.

“Now shoo, Piggie. I haven’t peed all day!”

Oolong snickered as he left the bathroom to Bulma, who was already undressing. All day she had teased and tortured him. They just met and already she had bent him to her will. Any attempts to escape her clutches would end in a horrible case of the runs. Now he was sharing his mobile home with the snooty girl and the strong boy she traveled with. His life had taken a major turn, and he didn’t like it at all.

During dinner he had tried thinking of how to get back at Bulma. He had already planned to use a sleeping potion to sneak away some of their valuables (as well as get a peek at the sleeping Bulma…) But this chick was really pissing him off. He wanted to humiliate her after all the abuse he had. And seeing her need to pee gave him the perfect idea.

“I always wanted to see a chick wet the bed!” he thought, “Maybe I could put that sleeping potion in the green tea I have in the fridge! That’ll fill her up nicely. But just to make sure, I’ll put her hand in some warm water to ease her bladder. That way I can be there right when it starts! My bed will get soaked, but boy will it be worth it!

After Bulma voided her bladder, she hopped in the tiny tub for a long, hot shower. As she steamed up the room, Goku shared the Dragon Balls with Oolong. Oolong barely listened however. His mind was glued on the accident he was going to make Bulma have. Outside the house, Yamcha was also lurking around, looking for revenge. He overheard the story of the Dragon Balls, and already had a plan of his own.

Bulma dried off and wrapped her white body in a towel and looked for Oolong’s pajamas. She was more than pissed to see how small they were. They wouldn’t even work as underwear! She stormed into the kitchen and began yelling at the pig.

“You’re not cute at all, you know! I said I needed pajamas!” Oolong just realized what this meant. He would not only see her pissing the bed, but pissing the bed in the nude!

“W-well, you should’ve known mine wouldn’t fit you. You’re not THAT petite!” Oolong stammered. He reached into the fridge and mixed the green tea. Bulma debated in her mind and groaned.

“Fine! At least it’s the desert so I won’t be cold. But all my clothes better be clean when I wake up!”

“Yes, your majesty,” smirked Oolong. He bore the insults and demands for just a while longer. By morning, her clothes would be the least of her worries, he told himself smugly. “I made you guys some tea. It, uh, always helps me sleep better.”

“How sweet. Even pigs have some charm,” chirped Bulma. She was clearly thirsty, for she downed the glass in one big gulp. Oolong smiled, hoping she gets too tired to pee before settling in.

“I’m so tired I could sleep forever…” moaned Goku. After today’s fight with the bandit, Goku deserved a rest. But Oolong couldn’t let the kid interfere with his plan. He’d love to invite him in on the fun, but he knew he’d squeal to her.

“Drink it anyway, I bet your grandpa drank this all the time to get big and strong,” he insisted. Luckily that convinced the child, and he too sipped it down. Almost instantly, Bulma became drowsy.

“I’ve had such a long day. So where’s the bed?” Oolong pointed upstairs. Bulma warned him one more time to not do anything but wash her clothes tonight, or else he’d get another attack of diarrhea. Oolong rolled his eyes. If he could get Bulma to piss the bed, he could tolerate anything she dished out.

Goku was already dozing off. He knew Bulma would fall asleep soon as well, but he had no idea how fast her bladder would fill. He decided to wait a little bit before going up. He made sure Goku was out for the night, and then he went to the sink and ran it until the water was lukewarm. Then the pig quietly got a bowl and filled it up.

Oolong tiptoed slowly up the steps. He reached the top and eyed Bulma, lying on her side with her face resting on her hands. Oolong set the bowl down and thought of how to get her hands out from under her face. Just in case her bladder was already full and about to void, he pulled up the sheets to expose her naked waist. He had a small nosebleed from the sight. Her skin and the bed were dry. There was still time, so he gently began to move her right arm. As he pulled it out, he caught sight of her bare breast, and that was almost too much for him. He had to turn away to focus. He was sweating profusely, in spite of being a pig!

When Oolong looked back up, he saw that Bulma had turned. She was lying on her back, with both arms spread up on the pillow, exposing everything. Screw the Dragon Balls, he thought, my wish is coming true! He picked up the bowl and set it carefully alongside the pillow. Then he carried her left wrist over as gently as possible. He lowered her fingers into the lukewarm water. Quickly, he stepped over her waist and stared intently. Her belly rose with each breath. Below her bellybutton, there was a small bulge from her bladder. Her legs didn’t move at all. She seemed so relaxed – so why wasn’t her bladder letting go?

“What if this trick doesn’t work?” he whispered to himself. “Maybe this chick’s bladder is too strong. I mean she managed to hold it all day…” As Oolong pondered, Yamcha and Pu’ar snuck into the house. He heard footsteps and gasped.“No…n-no way!” Oolong screamed in his mind. He gave Goku just as much sleeping powder as he gave Bulma, and he was the one fighting all day. How could he be awake already? Oolong glanced down the stairs and saw (what appeared to be) Goku walking around. He was all but happy.

‘What the hell? Is this kid just invincible to everything? He’s gonna ask why I’m up here, and if he tells Bulma anything… My ass is gonna get blown out!’ He turned to Bulma, whose body was still exposed. ‘I know’, he thought, ‘I’ll just cover her up and take her form!’ Pu’ar, disguised as Goku, just started climbing the steps; but as Oolong pulled up the covers, he saw her fingers in the bowl of water and checked to see if she peed while he wasn’t looking. She hadn’t. ‘Damn it! All my best plans get screwed!’ He wanted to do something to get back at her, and either way he had to get rid of the water before he got caught. Then he had one more idea.

He lifted her covers again and poured the bowl out over her crotch and thighs. It kind of looked like she wet. It wasn’t nearly as satisfying, but hopefully she’d buy it when she woke. Then he covered her and transformed just as Goku entered the room. Neither one had a clue they were being duped. But trying to keep his cover, Oolong agreed to follow Goku, who was really Pu’ar, outside. On his way out, Oolong took one last look at the covered-up Bulma.

Inside Bulma’s mind, she was having a rather unpleasant dream. She was reliving the other day, being carried off by a hungry pterodactyl. She was powerless as Goku tried to save her; all the while her aching bladder was threatening to void itself. As she recreated the horrifying fall from the air in her subconscious, Yamcha entered the room, unaware of the sleeping, naked Bulma under the covers.

“This is how they hide their crap? A sheet?” he snickered. “I bet these are their Dragon Balls.” He clutched one of the covered mounds and found himself squeezing it. “Hmm, I wonder why Dragon Balls are so squishy… Maybe they’re real dragon’s-“ Suddenly, Yamcha paused. He heard a strange squirting sound. A hiss was coming from under the covers. He was very puzzled as a tiny stain appeared through the fabric.

“Just what are they hiding?” he murmured. He pulled the covers away and panicked. The girl from earlier was sprawled on her back, totally naked. He tried to look away, but a spreading puddle around her bottom caught his attention. Pee squirted from her crotch. Bulma was urinating in her sleep! The sight didn’t calm Yamcha in the slightest! He stumbled down the stairs and collapsed in front of Pu’ar, who realized that the girl had been inside all along. Pu’ar led his friend away and into the night.

Bulma slept through everything, including wetting the bed. Her stream weakened to a dribble. As her nightmare ended, she shivered and pulled the covers back up, and she stayed sleeping all night covered in her own urine.

Oolong ran back into the vehicle and grabbed a rifle. Now one was breaking in under his watch! Now and then he considered going back up to see if Bulma’s bladder finally gave way, but he now convinced himself that a teenage girl wetting the bed wasn’t gonna happen. But back upstairs Bulma had done just that.

The next morning, as the sun rose, Bulma blinked herself awake. After stretching her arms and legs, she took notice of her throbbing head and the damp sheets. I guess it’s a good thing I slept naked, she thought. It must’ve been boiling last night! But it took Bulma a second to notice the smell. It was too thick to be sweat. She also noticed that it was only wet around her butt… Her heart raced as she propped herself up on her elbows and kicked off the sheets. A startled chirp escaped her lips. Bulma had done the deed in Oolong’s bed. She peed the sheets!

“Damn it! I don’t believe this…” she muttered under her breath. “Why did I wet the bed? This only happens when I drink…” Feelings of embarrassment, confusion, sadness and anger flowed through her body.

Back downstairs Goku awoke as well. Oolong didn’t notice until the kid ran through the car screaming, “GOTTA PEE! GOTTA PEE!!” Oolong just sighed and yawned. Bulma heard Goku’s race to the bathroom and wondered how he had held it in and she didn’t. They both drank the tea so it’s not like she had to go more. Her head already hurt so she decided to forget it and hide as much evidence as she could. But as she sat up and swung her legs over, she noticed the bowl that Oolong left beside the bed. There was a tiny bit of water left on the bottom – enough to give Bulma a clue about Oolong’s prank…"

That stupid pig! He’s messing with the wrong girl!” Leaping up, Bulma knelt over the hole in the floor while covering her bare chest. At the top of her lungs, she yelled, “PEE-PEE-PEE-PEE-PEEEEEEEE!!!!!”

Almost automatically, Oolong grabbed his ass and darted to the toilet. Goku walked out in time for him to run in and slam the door. He made it just before he blew. Outside the room he heard Bulma’s loud voice.

“I’M GONNA GIVE YOU SOOOO MUCH HELL!!!” she bellowed. Oolong just groaned. His whole plan had backfired.

“So this is what I get huh? At least she thinks she wet the bed,” he told himself.

If only he knew…

