Road Trip (AKA: The Return of Meagan & Parker)

Author: Weasel

*000*2018-11-13 02:03

“So I’ve got to ask,” Parker said. “What’s your game plan here?”

“We’re gonna keep driving.”

“Uh—that’s all? We’re just gonna keep going?”

“Until we can’t anymore, yeah.”

“Um. Who gets to decide when we ‘can’t’?”

“The driver does.”

“And that’s you.—So what’s your cutoff for ‘can’t’?”

“Well, I don’t imagine either one of us really wants to piss our pants,” Meagan said serenely, “so we’ll stop when it’s that or we wet ourselves.”

“Hon, can I just point out that you’re much, much better at holding it than I am?”

“Oh, I know. But you’ve got two things going for you. One, I’ve been holding it a lot longer than you have. Two, you’ve got a way to control it better than I can. Get yourself erect, boy. Get that sucker up.”

“That’s gonna be a little tricky.”

She outright laughed. “Wanna bet?”

“I’ve really gotta go, love.”

She smiled. “So do I, love. Just think about that. That and a few of the other things we’ve been up to in the last few days…”

~~~~~~~~~

Road Trip, Part One: Incentive Plan

“Sorry!”

“Okay, try it again,” Meagan said, as calmly as she could manage. “Only this time, a little more gently.”

“Yeah,” Parker said, brow furrowed in concentration. “Okay, here goes… shit! Sorry!”

“You’re just trying too hard. Real gentle.”

“Crap!—and now the car’s stalled.”

“It happens,” Meagan said.

They were in a random parking lot—the first mostly-empty one they’d found on this day of their trip—for Parker to practice driving stick shift.

“Man, why can’t I get this right?” Parker said, gripping the steering wheel with frustration.

“It happens to all of us when we’re learning, hon,” Meagan said. “My dad did the exact same thing with me when I was learning to drive stick, and I did the exact same thing as you. A full hour of not getting much of anywhere.” Meagan’s eyes flickered to some distant memory. “Of course, I don’t intend to use his methods of getting you to learn.”

“Why, what’d he do?”

“After the first half-hour he yelled a lot. Then I cried a lot. After I was done crying, I decided I wasn’t going to let him tear me down again. I practiced a lot with other people and didn’t tell him. When he took me out again, I knew I’d be ready.”

“And were you?”

“First thing I did was stall, since I was still pretty nervous! And he yelled some more. Next thing I did, though? I started it right back up, found first, and drove around the block. He quieted down a little, then found something else to yell about—anyway. Long story short, I’m not doing it his way.”

“What did you have in mind instead?” Parker said.

“Hmmmm—maybe something like an incentive plan…”

“A sexy incentive plan?”

“With us, is there any other kind?”

“I think we all know where this is leading…”

~~~~~~~~

Table of Incentives

15 minutes stick-shift practice: 200ml of water

1 full hour: 1 full liter

1 mile driven: 5 minute’s delay in going to the bathroom

“You’ve come such a long way already, hon,” Meagan said. “I know you’re still having trouble with first gear, but other than that—I’d say you’re ready for streets.”

“What can I say? You’re a good teacher.”

“Well, a properly-motivated student always helps.”

“1200ml of motivation!”

“Mmmhmmm.”

Parker eyed the quiet street. A summer Sunday meant there were few people coming through this particular office-park neighborhood. “Y’know, I bet I could do streets right now.”

“Sure, circle around a little!”

Parker tootled around the neighborhood for a bit, and then—

“Mmkay,” Meagan said, “I didn’t really expect you to go for the highway so quick.”

“But highway driving is easier. You don’t need to shift nearly so much.”

“If you can find 5th gear, then by all means!”

Parker did find 5th, given enough time—and thus they were barrelling north with him at the wheel. Meagan leaned her seat back a bit and put her bare feet up on the dashboard with a satisfied sigh. “I could get used to this,” she said, hands behind her head, looking out at the world through her sunglasses, battered hat low over her eyes.

“Don’t get too comfy, love,” Parker warned.

“Why not? You’ve got this,” she said, patting his arm.

“Because we’re now coming up on an hour and a half of driving practice. That’s 1400ml. And I’d like you to start now.”

Meagan chuckled. “So eager, the young student is, for his prize.”

“Well-earned.”

“Oh, not denying it.” She hoisted her water bottle. “All right! Here we go—though I may need to steal from yours before long.”

An hour later, Meagan had made a considerable dent in the water bottle and Parker had eaten up quite a few miles—which, Meagan realized, was going to cost her considerably.

“Wait, I have to wait how long?”

“Well, let’s see. I’ve come sixty-eight miles on the highway. Sixty times five is three hundred, eight times five is forty—so, three-hundred forty minutes, which is… five hours, forty minutes.”

“Starting when?”

“Well, we didn’t quite settle that point. Would it be from when you first needed to pee, or when you’d first go to the bathroom?”

“Gotta be the first. Second is more vague. So—starting ten minutes ago, I guess.”

“Congratulations! You don’t get to pee until we stop for dinner.”

“Aww fuck,” Meagan said. “Pull over.”

“I can keep driving.”

“And keep running up my tab? Fuck no. Pull over!”

“I think we need gas anyway…”

At the gas station Parker flashed Meagan a grin and said, “I’ll be right back—just using the bathroom.”

She blew him a kiss while flipping him off.

As they got back on the highway with Meagan at the wheel, Parker watched her closely for any signs of desperation. But this was Meagan. She drove for nearly the next three hours without even mentioning anything. Parker knew her body and watched her gradually lock down, but she stayed calm.

Finally Parker raised the issue. “You drank a liter and a half and it’s been three hours. How are you not bursting?”

“You brought this on yourself,” Meagan said calmly.

“Wait, what?”

“You pulled a fast one on me with getting on the highway and running up the miles like that. So to get back at you, I haven’t given you anything you could get turned on by. No talk, no fidgeting, nothing.”

He laughed. “Nice comeback.”

“Mmmmmhmmmm. Plus I’m sweating a bit, so that’s sparing me some. But it’s not a very nice incentive program if you don’t get what you want out of it, now is it? So now that you ask… I am totally bursting. I gotta pee like crazy. Just didn’t let you see.”

“Well, you’re about halfway done,” Parker said. “Think you can make it?”

“I really don’t know!” Meagan said. “I guess we’ll find out—and if I pull over in a hurry, we have our answer.”

The next stretch of highway, Parker didn’t look at the scenery at all. His eyes were glued to Meagan. At first there wasn’t much to see, beyond her usual tells in finger-tapping and overall stillness/tension/control. But before long she was shifting in her seat. Then she was wriggling in her seat.

“How much longer?” she asked.

“Umm, let’s see. You’ve done three and a half hours… two hours left.”

“Fuck. I’m not sure how safe to drive I am right now.”

“You could let me drive.”

“That would be safer! And then you’d add more time and I’d piss my pants.”

“Aww, you wouldn’t! You’ve gone a lot longer than this.”

“Not after chugging a liter and a half, and pretty quickly.” She laid a hand on her belly. “I’m starting to feel like I’m pregnant. I’m sweating. And honestly, I’m getting tired. Every muscle I’ve got is all tensed up and that’s tiring. I don’t suppose you’d take this hold on the installment plan?”

“You’re sure you can’t drive?”

“Getting that way.”

“Okay. Let’s look for a place to stop.”

“And a place I can pee? Can I save the rest of the hold for later?”

“Well—I’d like you to wait as long as you can.”

“Mmmkay, hon, but that may be a lot sooner than you think.”

“All right.” Parker unfolded the map and started looking for where they were.

“There’s a town about ten minutes away,” he reported at last.

“Mmmmmkay,” she said.

Four minutes later, she suddenly swerved to the side of the road and stopped the car.

“Get out,” she said, voice tight, as she fumbled with her seat belt.

Parker did as he was told, suddenly feeling like he’d maybe crossed a line.

Meagan got out of the car a little more slowly (she had to be careful, as the other cars on the road did come roaring past). She walked around to the passenger side, swinging her arms restlessly. But she didn’t drop her shorts—short, a little tight, and a dark red: a perfect color for her. She stood, shifting from foot to foot, looking very desperate.

“What’s up, hon?” he asked. “Is this it? Your limit?”

“C’mere,” she said.

He stepped closer. She placed her hands on either side of his face and kissed him, then pulled him to her. Using his body and the car to block the view of anyone driving past, she felt the bulge in his pants, running her fingers over it. She kissed him again, then said, “I just needed to feel how hard you were.”

“Can’t say I mind, but—why?”

“Doing this is hard. Really really really hard. I need to go so bad. I’m hot and I’m tired and I was getting a little cranky. ‘Cause when I’m driving, I can’t see how much I’m turning you on. So now that I see what I’m doing to you, I can hold it a little more. For you. I just needed to see your reaction.”

“Thank you.”

“You’re welcome.”

“Do you wanna pee here?”

“Not yet, at least,” she said, looking around. They were in farm country, and they’d pulled off next to a horse pasture. A couple of horses were looking at them. There were plenty of people around—but all in cars going fifty-five miles an hour past on the road, here and then gone. Nobody was watching.

Meagan did a little pee-squirm and crossed her legs. “Fuuuuck,” she said softly.

Parker kissed her on the cheek. “I love you so much,” he said.

“I know,” she replied, sounding far more contented than she looked, and leaned her head on his shoulder.

An SUV slowed down as it passed them, and pulled over a little way up the road.

“Hmmm, this could be tricky,” Meagan said, and stepped a little away from Parker.

“How come?”

She didn’t answer, watching the SUV’s driver as he got out of his truck and walked back toward them. “Hi, kids!” said the man, a clean-cut fellow with a neatly buttoned-down, tucked-in shirt. “Need some help?”

“No, we’re fine!” Meagan said cheerfully. “Just needed a stretch break. We’ve been driving a long time.”

“I can tell,” said the man, pointing to Meagan’s out-of-state license plate. “I thought you might be out of gas, maybe had some engine trouble. There’s a place just up the road…”

“Nope, we’re all good,” Meagan said. “Thanks for stopping, though, that’s real nice.”

“Just being a good neighbor,” the man said. “Where you headed?”

“Up to the UP,” Meagan said. “Superior Shore. We’re taking a road trip before school starts again.”

“Ah, to be young and free,” the man said with a smile. “I haven’t been up there since I had my first child. You two married? Engaged?”

“Nope,” Parker said.

There was the faintest of pauses before the man smiled again, and said, “Well, I don’t judge. You two have a lovely trip. Say hello to the big lake for me.”

“We will,” Meagan said. “Thanks again for stopping!”

He waved farewell and walked back to his car.

“‘I don’t judge,’” Parker said. “What was that about?”

“You didn’t notice?” Meagan asked, pointing to the Christian fish on the SUV’s back door. “I did wonder if he was gonna call us out… nice that he didn’t.”

“Yeah, I guess,” Parker said, eyeing the “BUSH/CHENEY” sticker just below the fish.

“Lots of people voted for Bush, hon. Most of ‘em perfectly lovely people to people they know. This guy was nice to strangers, too, so he’s even better.” She shivered a little—and not from cold, since it was about 88 degrees and humid. “Of course, he’d be even nicer if he drove away and let me hold…” she added, mock-irritated.

As if her wish was his command, the stranger drove off just then, and Meagan could once again squirm in peace. “How long left?” she asked after a minute.

“About an hour forty.”

She did a little pee-dance, crossed her legs, uncrossed, recrossed them the other way, bent over a little. Then she straightened up and said, “Okay.”

“Gonna pee?”

“Fuck no. I’m gonna wait another hour forty, or try to. I’ll try driving again, I’m a little looser now.”

“You’re sure?” Parker asked, incredulous.

“Yup. I’m good at holding, remember? Besides, we don’t know when the next Good Samaritan will show up and offer help.”

They got back in the car, Meagan moving very gingerly. She belted herself in a little unusually, with just the shoulder strap, keeping the lap belt behind her. “Thank god my shorts are drawstring, not a zipper,” she muttered, putting on her turn signal.

Just as they started to pull away, Parker took a last look at the horses, and laughed aloud. “Check that out!” he said. “Now I know what they mean when they say ‘I gotta piss like a racehorse’!”

Meagan looked—and immediately pulled over again to lean over the steering wheel, one hand mashed between her legs.

“You okay, hon?” Parker asked.

Meagan said—slowly, carefully—“I think so. It was just the combination. Laughing, and seeing the horse pissing… I let go for a second.”

“You wet yourself?”

“Tiny bit. Don’t think you can see it.” She shivered again. “Okay. I was gonna hold it, but I really don’t think I can.”

“Wanna pee here? I’m okay with that.”

“Mm. I’d rather not. Better if we got off the highway, at least.”

“Want me to drive?”

“I’m good for another few minutes. And I’d rather not piss out in the open in broad daylight. But I do wanna make it up to you. Let’s get that town and find a gas station and you can come in with me.”

“’Kay, that’s fair. I kinda have to go again myself.”

Meagan waited until it was safe to pull out onto the highway slowly, so there would be no sudden lurches on her bladder. She carefully drove the few minutes until they saw the turn-off, and a gas station helpfully right on the corner.

Meagan pulled up to the little store and got out slowly, moving with care so nothing would break her fragile self-control. There was a sign that said Restroom around the corner: ask for key. “Can you go get the key, love?” Meagan asked, slightly bent over and leaning on the car.

“Mmmmmm. I’d love to see you ask,” Parker said.

“Jerkface.”

“Love you, too.”

She straightened up, squared her shoulders, and said, “All right, come on.”

Walking stiffly with every muscle in her body tensed, she stepped up over the curb and moved to the door, which dingled as she pulled it open. Parker grabbed the door behind her, taking the weight. She slowly paced to the store counter, where a teenage boy watched her coming. She leaned on the counter and said, very calmly, “Could I have the key to the restroom, please?”

“Sure thing,” he said, and fumbled under the counter for it. He came up with it in a few seconds—agonizingly long to Meagan, Parker was sure. It was connected to a wooden board labeled Ladies’ Room. “Just a heads-up, it sticks a bit,” the boy said.

“Thank you,” Meagan said, just as serenely as before, and just as carefully walked out. Parker followed her.

As they rounded the corner and got out of sight of most folks coming into the gas station, Meagan stopped, bent over, put one hand on the wall, and passed the key to Parker with her other.

“Gonna make it?”

“If you can unlock the door for me,” Meagan said. “I’m losing muscle control here.”

“Leaking?”

“A little.”

“I’ll go fast.”

Parker hurried to the door and wrestled the lock open. The lock did indeed stick. He got it open despite its stubbornness and held it wide for her. She straightened up, wedged one hand between her legs, and strode quickly into the restroom.

Perhaps because it was a women’s restroom, it wasn’t as stinky and grimy as Parker had feared. It certainly wasn’t the sexiest place on the planet. But it got a heck of a lot sexier as Meagan stepped inside and began to pull her shorts down even before Parker came in behind her and closed the door. For a moment it looked like she was wrestling with herself, trying to keep one hand on her crotch while also getting her shorts and panties down and out of the way. But somehow she succeeded, and collapsed onto the toilet. Parker wasn’t sure, but she seemed to be pissing even before her butt hit the seat.

She peed a while, longer than her usual bladder blasts. Apparently even her urethra had a hard time handling a liter and a half all at once.

Since there wasn’t much to see now that she was sitting down, Parker watched her face and her shoulders. The tension drained out of her body as the piss drained out of her bladder, and bliss replaced it. Her eyes closed and her mouth dropped open and a grin formed on her face, as if she was coming. This, perhaps more than anything else, made him pretty happy and pretty hard, both at once.

She finished up and looked up at him. “Wanna pee between my legs?” she asked.

“Can’t,” he said, pointing to the hard-on in his shorts.

“Here,” she said. He stepped closer. She unzipped his shorts, slid his hard-on out through the fly in his boxers, and cradled his erection in her hand. She just held it, and after the initial usual delight at her touch, he began to droop.

“This is for later,” she said. “I’m not getting you off in a gas station bathroom. But I’ll get you off, and good. Soon.”

~~~~~~~~

Hey folks! It's good to be back. This is part one of the first story in the new Meagan & Parker series, entitled "Housemates." There will be two more parts in this story, and then we'll really get rolling after that.

Don't know what's going on? This is the third Meagan & Parker series. The first two series are posted here and there on omo.org, but the fast way to read 'em all (plus the never-before-published extras) is to get the PDFs from me. I don't sell my stories, but I accept many things in trade:

- videos and pics that you are free to share,

- personal stories,

- reviews of my stories (i.e., good publicity),

- and asking nicely.

Message me if you are interested!

*004*2018-11-17 19:16

Hey folks! Thanks, as usual, for all the kind words. I meant to update much earlier this week, but... well, life got a little rough. Not to worry, though, 'cause it's Saturday!

Here's Part 2.

###

“Um. Meagan? Best beloved? Delight of my life? Can we please stop to pee?”

“Aren’t you good and hard by now?”

“Yeah, but I still gotta go.”

“So do I.”

“I’ve gotta jack off just to hold it, Meagan!”

“Good! Means you won’t leak.—Unless you leak the other way, which would be a total waste. So don’t!”

“Please!”

“Just look at me, hon. I’ve got to hold myself too. So we match, don’t we? We’ll make it. Just keep yourself nice and stiff. No pissing, no coming.”

“That’s really hard, love.”

“That’s the idea.”

“Meagan!”

“Just hang on. That’s to both of us, by the way. Just hang on…”

###

Road Trip, Part Two: Fucking Intense

The campground was pretty standard stuff: a couple of loops for tents, a couple for RVs. They pulled into the spot they’d reserved, finding it in the dark with their headlights. It was well after sundown, even a summer sundown, and they’d come a very long way. Meagan turned off the car and immediately yawned hugely.

“Bedtime pretty soon, huh?” Parker said.

“Soon, yeah,” Meagan said. “But not quite yet. We need to do a couple of things. One, we need to set up the tent. Two, we need to fuck.”

“Really?”

“Yup. I made you wait earlier at that gas station. Besides, I’ve been wanting you real bad since I got back from camp. Turns out five weeks without you in me is too dang long.”

“We’ve had sex since you got back.”

“Yeah, but not five weeks’ worth. Also, tomorrow I do not intend to do anything pee-related! Tomorrow I’m just gonna pee whenever I darn well need to; I need to rest up after today’s hold. So that means if you want to fuck me while I’m holding, we should do it tonight. Ideally pretty soon.”

“You need to go?”

“I do indeed.”

“Setting up a tent in the dark isn’t gonna be fun.”

“I’ve actually heard it’s a great test of a relationship.”

“I repeat…”

“Hey, it could be a lot worse. It could be raining. And I might not be holding a bladder full of pee just waiting for you.”

“You make a good point—let’s pitch this tent!”

“Just one thing, hon: we are in the middle of a crowded campground, and surrounded by people sitting out in the open around fires or sleeping in tents. Sound will really carry. Everything we do, we need to do quietly as possible.”

“You make two good points. Let’s pitch two tents—no, wait…”

“Makes perfect sense to me!”

Parker’s parents’ tent was pretty old, so many of the easy-up conveniences of newer tents weren’t available. On the other hand, Parker had helped set this tent up many times. On the other other hand, he hadn’t done so in several years and he’d never done it solo. There was a fair amount of whispered cursing—especially as Meagan was on the clock, after a fashion. But leaving the car’s headlights on helped a lot, and it only took a couple false starts before they got the tent up. They quickly unloaded the car (except the food), stuffing the tent full of sleeping bags, pillows, and clothes for tomorrow. Meagan also brought along a towel. They turned off the car’s headlights, leaving just Meagan’s flashlight and Parker’s phone, and went into the tent. It was a standard dome tent, not tall enough to stand up in. They rolled out the pads and sleeping bags, and then Meagan laid down the towel.

“’Kay,” she whispered. “Lights out.”

“We’re not leaving it on?”

“Can’t. Think about it, hon. It’s pitch black out there, but the light’s pretty bright. Everything we do will be silhouetted on the tent walls.”

“You’re so smart.”

“Years of experience, that’s all. Years of experience.” She turned the light off, and they plunged into total darkness. Somewhere off in the distance there was a campfire, a speck of light through the tent wall; there was no other light. He waved an experimental hand in front of his face and saw nothing.

“How are you feeling?”

“Pretty full. I definitely have needed to go for an hour or two. But not too full, not about to explode. Just full enough. So you should be able to fit. How are you feeling?”

“Getting pretty excited…”

“Good.” He heard/felt her pull her t-shirt off, then felt her pulling at his.

It was fun and interesting, sex in the darkness. He was so used to leaving the lights on that it was a pretty new experience. She’d had him blindfolded once or twice, but that was a very different kind of not being able to see. This blindness wasn’t because it was imposed; there was just no other way.

Meagan couldn’t do a sexy striptease for him in the dark. Instead, as she pulled off her bra, she took his hands and guided them over her body, letting him feel what she’d laid bare. It was cool, even in August—the breeze over Lake Superior, perhaps—and their nipples hardened quickly. Even on the quietest setting, Meagan didn’t want to turn on her vibrator, so Parker went to work with his fingers. She returned the favor with a handjob and some lube. After all the excitement earlier in the day, it wasn’t long until he was raring to go. She took a little longer, but not much.

“How…?” he whispered.

“From behind,” she answered, equally softly. He heard her moving around, and realized she was on her hands and knees. She took his hands and guided them to her hips, and then she found his hard-on and guided it into her.

She was slick with lube and juices, but tight with holding, and he had to maneuver a little and push a little to get all the way into her. As he did, she shivered with delight. “You feel great,” she whispered.

“So do you.”

He tried to go slow. He wanted her to come first, and he also knew from experience that the longer it took him to come, the longer he’d stay hard. But it was pretty tricky to do that, not when she was so warm and so wet and so tight all at once—so tight that he had to be careful she didn’t squeeze him right out. He kept up a fairly deliberate pace until he heard her breathing picking up fast. Small motions made him realize she was fingering herself. Between all that, she was gonna come pretty soon, he guessed. He picked up his pace—she murmured appreciatively as he did so—and, before long, he filled her even more full.

He shrank fast, as he’d feared—and popped right out.

Meagan clearly wasn’t finished. She worked furiously on her clit for a minute. He wondered if he should try to go down on her and help finish the job when she stopped.

“Did you…?”

“No. But I can’t wait any more.”

“Let me find your shorts.”

“No time.” She unzipped the tent door and stepped out, stark naked. “Sandals,” she breathed. “I do need those.”

He found them for her, found his own as well, and followed her out. He could hear her shifting from foot to foot, still breathing hard. In the starlight, he could just barely see the pale contours of her body.

“Bathroom?” he whispered, looking to where the building was marked by a light, just visible through the trees.

“Can’t. Can’t walk that far. Can’t go in naked.”

“Where?”

She thought for just a second. “Bushes,” she breathed, and took his hand so they wouldn’t lose each other in the dark. Even her grip was tense.

It was not far to walk—just a few strides to the back of the campsite. There, to his surprise, she didn’t really squat: she spread her legs and bent a little at the knee and then gushed.

Despite all her attempts to be as quiet as possible, he could hear her soft moan of bliss as relief surged through her. She squeezed his hand, and as her stream tapered off, he could feel her relax through her hand and arm.

He decided to join her, and in a similarly relaxed way. He started peeing without holding his tip or bothering to aim. He could hear his pee splatter a good distance away. But he’d forgotten Meagan’s exact position. She took a quick step back to avoid his spray.

They went back to the tent, found tissues somewhere, dried themselves off… and made out until they passed out.

###

Part 3 is written and ready -- and don't forget, there's a frame story going as well! I'll update soon.

*009*2018-11-21 05:28

Without further ado, here's Part 3.

###

“Meagan…”

“Are you pissing yourself?”

“Not yet. But—”

“Then we’re not stopping yet.”

“Meagan, it hurts.”

“Hmm, we’re not supposed to hold ourselves until it’s that bad—oh wait, it’s been hurting me a little for the last half hour. This is what I go through every time. Don’t dish it out if you can’t hold it yourself.”

“Meagan. Please.”

“Not yet. But we’re nearly there.”

“Where are we going?”

“A place where we can pee. Together.”

“How long—?”

“Almost there.”

“Meagan…”

“Yeah, honey?”

“I just leaked…”

“Aren’t you hard?”

“Not anymore. Uh. More just came out.”

“Pull it out and use both hands to squeeze. You’re lucky, you can just grab it in your fist. Look at me, I’ve got one hand all the way into my panties, but all I can do is put pressure on the hole.”

“I’m about to wet my pants...”

“So am I. We’re almost there.”

“No, I can feel it coming out.”

“Just another minute, ‘kay? You’re being so good, beautiful boy. You’re doing so well. Hold on just another minute. Just another mile to go.”

###

Road Trip, Part Three: Life’s a Beach

“You’re sure.”

“Totally,” Meagan said.

“Absolutely sure.”

“Dude, I guarantee it.”

“I’m just not seeing a lake anywhere,” Parker pointed out, gesturing to the scrub forest in all directions.

“It’s Lake fuckin’ Michigan! Nobody has ‘stolen’ the fuckin’ lake, honey. We just need to keep walking. It’s out there.”

“That sand dune was huge, hon. I’m pretty wiped out just from climbing it. Whaddya say we turn around and go back?”

“No way! We’ve come this far. And let just say that you’ll be glad you came. There will be certain… incentives.”

“I thought you were taking the day off from holding.”

“I am. And as a matter of fact—” Meagan glanced around, but there was no one in sight. This wasn’t surprising, despite it being a gorgeously warm August day in a popular park, because there was no particular trail; it was easy enough to wander between the stubby little trees and bushes, so there was no real need for a path. As such they had this little patch of forest to themselves.

Meagan made use of this fact; she dropped her shorts and panties beneath, leaned her butt against the nearest tree, and peed for about three seconds. Since she always pissed explosively, this was apparently quite enough. Her pee spattered into the sand between her feet, for it was all sand here, aside from the little trees. She had her shorts back up before he could even get hard.

What she did next pleased him, though: she took a long drink of water from her water bottle.

“You should drink up, too,” she ordered. “It’s gonna be a long hot day.”

After what seemed like a trek worthy of Tatooine (despite the greenery), with occasional water stops and removing-sand-from-shoes stops, they popped out onto a beach at the top of a gentle dune, with the deep blue water of Lake Michigan spread out before them as far as the eye could see. They walked down to the water and pulled out the beach towels from their bags. They both drank some more water, and then Meagan did something that he’d really never seen before: she took off her shirt.

Of course he’d seen her without a shirt on before, any number of times. He’d seen her in bras, he’d seen her topless, he’d seen her totally naked. But he’d never seen her in a bikini…

It was a deep green, which matched her eyes, complemented her excellent freckles, and somehow brought out the red in her hair. It was a halter top, and somehow the possibility of the strings coming untied and her cups slipping was quite exciting—even though he could see her bare breasts any time he wanted. It didn’t make any sense, and yet it was incredibly exciting to see her slide her shorts down her legs to reveal the (fairly modest) bikini bottom. She took another big drink of water and lay back on her towel, sunglasses, hair tied back in a ponytail—and he had to quickly lie down on his towel to hide the erection that sprang up, all unexpected, at seeing her body laid out for him beneath the sun.

“Enjoying yourself?” she said.

“Incredibly,” he said. “D’you wanna go in the water?”

“In a minute,” she said, and pulled his face to hers for a lingering, gentle kiss. Then she said, “Wanna put some sunscreen on my back?”

“Do I ever.”

They took turns lotioning each other up. Appropriately armored, they lay together in the sun for a while, resting after the long walk, soaking in the August day. There were people here and there on the beach, but it was a weekday (ah, summer vacation!) and so it was not crowded. There was nobody within a hundred yards, at least.

Meagan sighed happily and said, “So I’m gonna pee now.”

“Gonna go down to the water?” Parker asked, wondering if her plan lined up with his fantasy.

“Nah, I just got that sunscreen on.”

“Where?”

“Right here,” she said. She positioned herself on her knees just off of her towel, then looked around. Still no one anywhere nearby. She simply tugged the crotch of her bikini aside and peed a quick blast into the sand. Done and clothing back in place, she brushed some sand over the wet patch and lay back down. The whole process had taken less than ten seconds and no one had even noticed—except Parker, of course, who had watched entranced, still lying belly-down to hide his arousal.

“You didn’t pee much,” he pointed out.

“I barely needed to,” she said, “but I’m not stressing my bladder out at all today.” She rolled over onto her belly, undid the back strap of her halter top, and rested her head on her arms. Parker drank in the vision of her bare back and waited patiently for her to move again.

After a dozy time in the sun, Meagan rolled over and sat up. As she re-tied the string to fasten her halter top in place, there was a brief moment where her breasts were hanging free and loose underneath the triangles of the bikini. By now, Parker was drooling. Then she drank several big swallows of water and lay back, paying her lover’s arousal no attention—apparently. He just lay down with his head on his arms, much as she had been, and gazed at her body.

Finally she sat up again. “Hot now,” she said. “Wanna go down to the water?”

“Do I ever.”

Years of summer camp had made Meagan a strong swimmer. Years of going to the pool every other year had made Parker an excellent wader. He splashed about in the shallows and watched Meagan swim out for a bit. Then she came back to find him. “Boring out there by myself,” she said.

“I’m sorry,” he said, admiring her wet hair as it draped itself across her shoulders, and the glistening of the water on her skin. “Never really learned how to swim.”

“I could teach you. Right now, if you want.”

“I like watching you.”

“But that’s no fun for me,” she said. “And that’s what it’s all about, right? Me, me, me!”

“Whatever you say, love…”

“At least come out a little bit more. You haven’t even gotten your head wet!” She grabbed his hand and pulled him deeper into the water.

As the water came up to his chest, Parker’s discomfort was plain to see on his face. Meagan squeezed his hand. “Don’t worry. I’ve got you.”

“I know. It’s just…”

“You know your body can float, right?”

“In theory.”

“Come a little further out and I’ll show you.”

He followed her, trusting her, scared. He felt for the bottom with his foot and found nothing. He felt the water coming up to his mouth. He felt Meagan’s arms circle around him, lifting him up.

“Just push down on the water with your feet,” she said, “like you’re on a bike. And sweep your arms out and down, just a bit. I’ve got you.”

“I won’t pull you under?”

“You haven’t yet.”

She held him up for a long time, until he got his rhythm down—and then she let go.

He wasn’t exactly swimming. Certainly wasn’t making any forward motion. But he wasn’t going under, wasn’t drowning. Keeping himself afloat.

“Hey, you’ve got it! Just keep doing that.”

“I guess I’ve got it…”

She didn’t answer.

“Meagan?”

Still no answer. He tried to look around, tried to see where she’d gone, and he got a wave in his face for his trouble. Then he started floundering. By chance his foot hit bottom—he hadn’t gone very far out, after all—and he got himself back to shallower water. When he could get his head above water, he looked and didn’t see her.

“Meagan!”

She surfaced a few feet out. “Why’d you stop?” she said.

“Couldn’t find you. I got scared.”

“You can keep going without me,” she said. “I won’t always be around, you know.”

“Not so soon!” he spluttered. “You always leave your students like that?”

“When they don’t need me any more, yeah, I might. But sorry, love. Didn’t realize you didn’t feel ready. Maybe I should have.”

Parker said nothing.

She swam over to him, found the bottom with her own feet, and stood “Hey. Wanna know a secret?”

“What?” he said, a little generally rattled.

“Gotta pee. I’m gonna just go right here.”

Arousal flooded through him, pushing aside all his other thoughts. “Wait. Can we go back to the shallows again? I wanna see.”

“Nah, there are too many people around,” she said. “I’m just gonna go now.”

“But then I can’t tell you’re going.”

“Can’t you?” she said, and stepped very close to him. Close enough to kiss, which she did. Close enough that her arms were around him and their legs were entwined. And then the water got warmer.

“You’re peeing on me,” he said.

“Technically I’m peeing near you.” She kissed him again. “Feels nice, doesn’t it?”

“Yeah.”

“Wanna go back to the beach?”

“Not just yet.”

“Why not? Or is it the obvious reason?”

“If I get out of the water right now, something’s gonna be real obvious, yeah.”

She laughed and kissed him a third time. “Glad I’m having such a nice effect on you,” she said. “We’ll save that for later, though.”

They waded around until his hard-on subsided, then splashed out onto the shore and found their towels. After drying off, Meagan insisted that they both drink more water and re-apply the sunscreen. After getting to do her back, her shoulders, and her legs, Parker felt just fine again. Still very much turned on, in fact, so they both lay back down, this time spooning rather than separate.

The sun and the sand and the lying down all teamed up and both of them dozed off for a while. Parker awoke first, very much enjoying having Meagan in his arms, but aware that he needed to pee. Since he was a little chubby with his cock pressed up delightfully against Meagan’s butt, he didn’t feel any particular rush to do anything about it. But by the time Meagan stirred, too, he thought it was time to relieve himself, and said so. “I’ll just go back down to the water,” he said. “Wanna come with?”

“Nah, I don’t wanna put sunscreen on a third time,” she said. “But I’m gonna pee, too.”

“Here again?” he said, looking around. Their little stretch of beach was now a bit more crowded, with a family including several children now settled down some twenty yards away.

“Not with those kids running around,” Meagan said. “Let’s go up to the trees.”

It was a bit of a trudge, going uphill on those sand dunes, but not a long way. The scrub forest wasn’t a lot of cover, but it was enough of a screen, and nobody was really looking in their direction anyway.

Parker was about to pull down the waistband of his swim trunks when Meagan stopped him. “I wanna do that,” she said.

“What?”

“I wanna aim your cock.”

“Heh. Okay.”

“But first…” She squatted, leaned against a tree, and—again pulling the crotch of the green bikini aside—let out a short strong stream. She readjusted her swimsuit and stood next to him, hugging him with one arm as she freed his penis with the other. He stiffened at once; she patiently waited, still holding on, until his arousal dropped and he hung flaccid in her hand.

“Okay, I’m gonna let go,” he said.

“I’m ready.”

It felt weird, not aiming, not exactly in control—a hands-off piss. But he pretended he was just in the shower, and that was all the motivation his slightly-full bladder required. Meagan giggled as she sprayed around like a kid with a hose.

“That was fun,” she said, still holding onto him. “Thanks.”

“You’re welcome. Can I have my cock back now?”

“Nope.”

“What, never?”

“Not yet, anyway.”

“Did you have something in mind?” he asked.

“Oh, many things. But not for right now. Too many people around. But just wait. There’s good stuff coming.”

“I’m sure.”

###

Now:

They were rolling down the highway at 60mph, both of them frantic, both of them bursting. They’d been like this for a while. Meagan had decided that they just weren’t going to stop to pee until she wanted them to. They’d gone a lot farther than Parker had thought—had hoped.

At first it had been funny. She’d peed once in the morning and had been holding it for him since then; why not flip it around a little, make him hold, too? He’d laughed and gone along with it. There had been a bit of a thrill when he’d asked, “Can we stop?” and she’d just said “No.”

But then he’d realized she really meant to push it until she was right on the edge. That was when he’d started to worry.

This was when he started to cry:

“I’m about to wet my pants...”

“So am I. We’re almost there.”

“No, I can feel it coming out.”

“Just another minute, ‘kay? You’re being so good, beautiful boy. You’re doing so well. Hold on just another minute. Just another mile to go.”

“Meagan, please!”

“We’re getting off at the next exit. There’s nowhere else closer.”

“Just pull over!”

“It’s not safe here. Almost there. Less than a minute. Maybe thirty seconds.”

Parker felt another big spurt. The crotch of his shorts was definitely soaked now.

“I’m gonna—I’m gonna…”

“You’re gonna hold it, just like me,” Meagan said. Somehow her voice was calm, reassuring. “There’s the sign for the exit. Just hang on a little more.”

“I wet my pants, Meagan!”

“All the way?”

“A little…”

“Hold the rest in. I’m damp too.”

He counted seconds in his head. At “twenty-four” he saw the exit and felt Meagan put the car in neutral to start slowing down. He looked around as they rolled down the ramp and she hit the breaks. There were some stores and a gas station off to the right.

“Are we going to the gas station?” he asked—gasped, really.

“No time and no fun,” Meagan said. She didn’t fully come to a stop—fortunately there was no traffic. Instead she just rolled right across the street and onto the onramp opposite. For a second Parker was terrified she was getting back on. “Where are you—” he shrieked, but just as he said “going,” Meagan slewed the car over to the side of the road and hit the flashers.

“Here,” she said. “Get out. Meet me at the front bumper!”

Parker’s seat belt was already off. He sprang out of the car, tried to dodge around the open door and get to the front as she’d asked, bumped into it in his haste, and gave up. He was barely aware that there were trees directly in front of him, planted along the edge of the on-ramp, so no one was likely to see; all he knew was that he was starting to pee and the question was whether or not he could get his zipper down in time. Adrenaline-shaky, he fumbled with his crotch. He felt the stream beginning in his pants as he got the zipper down. He saw the glistening patch growing on his boxers. He tore his penis out midstream: the jet of piss went from going down his legs to going into the grass with just a moment’s interruption at the fly.

For a second all he could sense—be it feeling, hearing, or seeing—was the tremendous rush of relief.

But then he heard a moan and opened his eyes.

There was Meagan before him. She was leaning against the hood of the car with both hands, knees bent a little, shorts around her ankles, panties askew and partway down her thighs. Her piss was thundering out, a stream that looked as thick as a thumb. Her stance wasn’t quite good enough, her panties weren’t quite down far enough; the stream clipped the back of the waistband and was spattering in all directions. Her eyes were closed, her mouth gaping—she looked for all the world like she was coming. She opened her eyes, took a quick glance down at her panties, took a quick glance up at Parker, then closed them again as another moan of relief burst out of her like the piss.

Their streams both slowed, both trickled out. Meagan opened her eyes again and looked up at him.

“Maybe I pushed that a little far,” she said.

Parker was too stunned and humiliated and relieved all at once to say anything.

Meagan stood up. “C’mere,” she said gently. He did so, stepping closer to her. She didn’t bother to pull up her pants, just hugged him.

“I love you so much,” she whispered in his ear.

“I pissed in my pants,” he said, still shocked.

“I did too. Or at least I got them wet.”

“It’s all over my legs.”

“Mine too,” she said, rocking him gently. “It’s okay. We both did it. Nobody’s gotta be ashamed.”

“I tried to hold it for you…”

“And I tried to hold it for you. We almost made it. Mostly made it.” She glanced around. “Mmkay, let’s get off this onramp before somebody sees us,” she said. She stepped out of her shorts, pulled off her soaked panties, and put her shorts back on, going commando underneath. Parker gingerly pulled his wet boxers and shorts back on, and reluctantly got into the car. Meagan had to wait for another car to go by before she could get back in—but since nobody else had come by while they were stopped, it seemed likely nobody had seen them. And if anybody had, they would be gone in a minute.

“Let’s go somewhere we can get cleaned up,” Meagan said.

Parker still said nothing.

###

They found a beach; they found the showers. They changed into their swimsuits in the car and walked over to the shower building. There was a lot of traffic—a sunny summer day, after all—but nobody seemed to pay them any attention. After all, only someone truly watching them would have noticed that they’d come straight from the parking lot rather than from the water. They used the outdoor showers to spray themselves down; in a moment where nobody else was around, Meagan quickly pulled her bikini bottom open and washed her crotch a little. Parker did the same.

They ended up spending the rest of the afternoon at the beach, even though they’d just been to another one the day before. Most of the time Meagan spent cuddling Parker. They bought hot dogs from the concession stand and ate them on a bench nearby, then got ice cream cones and ate those on the hood of Meagan’s car, soaking in the warmth radiating from the metal. The sun went down in splendor over the lake, and Meagan gave him vanilla-and-caramel kisses.

The stars came out, and they lay back on the hood to spot constellations. Most of the park-goers had filtered out; a crowd of folks about their age were still about, doing many of the things they’d been doing. Meagan cuddled up to him again, one mostly-bare leg thrown over his, head on his shoulder.

“I’m sorry I pushed you so far,” she whispered. “I won’t do that again. Not without checking with you first, at least. Maybe not ever.”

“Thank you,” Parker said. “I guess it’s fair, though. I’ve pushed you that far, too.”

“But with consent. Always with consent. I didn’t really get that from you today.”

“You pushed yourself just as far.”

“That’s true, but not really the point.” She caressed his hair. “How are you feeling?”

“Confused.”

“By what?”

“It was so bad. Painful. Embarrassing. I was freaking out. But if it had just been you, I would have been so turned on.”

“Well, that was the general idea,” she said.

“I know. But I was so freaked and so desperate, I missed most of it! I missed your desperation!”

“So the good thing is,” Meagan said, “we can play it back in our heads and remember. And if you missed anything, I can fill you in.”

Slowly she began to recount the whole thing—starting with her morning piss, the last one until the on-ramp hours later. Under cover of the darkness and her leg, she began to stroke him. A little while later, they got back in the car, reclined the seat, and threw a blanket over their laps. Underneath, Meagan jacked him off, quietly telling him the story of their day, pausing when she heard people coming by.

When she said, “And my piss was getting all over my panties,” a shudder ran through him, and quick as a flash she dropped her head to his lap. A few sucks and one vivid memory later, he came explosively, and she swallowed it all.

She cuddled up against him once again, afterward. “Better?” she said.

“Better. Thank you. …But you know you didn’t owe me that. Right?”

“Maybe. The apology I definitely owed you. The promise I definitely owed you. Getting you off—maybe I just wanted to. ’Kay?”

“’Kay.”

“Love you.”

“So much.”

###

And so Season 3 begins.

From now on, the stories will have the title "Housemates" (which is the name of this season).

As I mentioned earlier, the first two seasons are available for trade. I accept: stories, videos, and images you have permission to share original artwork (especially if it’s of Meagan) significant constructive feedback reviews (i.e., good publicity) asking nicely

{{On 11/19/2018 at 8:26 AM, david_578 said:

Looking forward to part 3. I'm a big fan of this story, and not sure why you haven't gotten a bigger reaction from starting to post "season 3". So I figured I'd better add my voice to the encouragement.

}}

Thanks for the support. Spread the word!

