Meagan & the Gentleman: For Science!

Author: Weasel

*000*2018-05-29 23:57

Hey everyone. After my unexpected marathon in my last story, I wanted to give you all something short and sweet and a little different.

Next story is already in the works, but not ready yet. Until then, I hope this will tide you over!

~~~~~~~

Meagan burst into Parker’s room without knocking, and announced, “Don’t take this the wrong way, but I have got to piss like a racehorse.”

Since it was also Mitchell’s room, and since both guys were present, this was much less exciting for Parker than it might have been.

Meagan dumped her bag, turned to leave the room, turned back, ran to Parker, kissed him hello, waved to Mitchell, and bolted from the room.

The two boys looked at each other.

“So does she do this a lot?” Mitchell asked.

Parker ran through several possible answers, from the bold Actually, we make a game out of it to the rather more cautious Nope, never never ever and why do you ask?, and settled on “Technically, this is a first.”

“ ‘Technically’ ?”

“Usually it’s her room.”

Mitchell’s brows shot up. “Oookay then.”

“And I can’t remember her ever saying ‘piss like a racehorse’ before…”

“Actually, that wording didn’t surprise me much.”

A minute later, Meagan returned at a far more laid-back pace. “Sorry to barge in, Mitchell,” she said, “but you know how it is.”

“Yeah, when you gotta go…”

“Wanna come back with me to my room, Parker?” she asked. She gave a faint quirk of her mouth that suggested she had something fun to tell him—and he wouldn’t need three guesses to figure out what.

“Sure!”

As they were leaving Parker’s dorm, which this year was not so far from Meagan’s, she said, “Let’s take the long way around, it’s a nice day.”

And it was; the best of early spring. Sweatshirt weather, after the winter cold, but the sun was actually warm. By “the long way” she apparently meant walking in the exact opposite direction and heading out to the big lawn between campus and Route 64. When they were out of earshot from the afternoon post-class crowd, Meagan said, “So you can probably guess what I’m gonna tell you.”

“How you got so desperate?”

“Yup! With a little bit of an apology and a little bit of a promise.”

“Okay.”

“So our anniversary is coming up, as I hope you remember.”

“Um… will you forgive me if I can’t remember the exact date?”

“Well, here’s my thinking. Yeah, we could figure out the first time we kissed or something, but our first time having sex was kind of a turning point, huh? That was when we really started getting serious.”

“Well, that and the night I confessed about my turn-on. And our talk on the beach in Savannah.”

“All of which were within a few weeks of each other. Plus your birthday in the mix. So I thought we could do another big blowout right before Spring Break in honor of all of those various important days.”

“Well, I dunno, I kind of like doing something special for each one…”

“I don’t think I’ve got the time for that, I’m sorry. Since midterms are right in that stretch of time, too.”

“Oh, okay.” But his heart sank a little. He’d been looking forward to wrangling alone-time from the relevant roommates on several consecutive weeks.

“But I was thinking that, since it’s in honor of everything, we do it right, huh? And since it’s your birthday, we do it your way. Which means we turn it up to 11 and have sex while I am bursting to piss.”

His heart rose quite rapidly. Nor was it alone. “I’m in.”

“Somehow I thought you might be.” She grinned. “Anyway. I was gonna talk to you about all that pretty soon, but since it’s background info to my story, we’re talking about it now.”

“Got it.”

“So I thought: well, if we’re gonna go all-out, I should probably do what I’ve been meaning to do for a while now, and figure out exactly what to drink to get the most desperate.”

Parker felt a jolt run through him, but he played it cool. “In the interests of science, of course.”

“Of course! So I’ve actually been doing little tests for the last week or so.”

Screw playing it cool. “That—Meagan, that is… shit, I don’t even know what to say, that’s how cool it is. I really can’t…”

She grinned again. “It’s nothing, really. I drink a little extra before my morning classes, see how bad it gets by lunch. Never been a problem, because I am Meagan the Mighty, after all.”

“All hail the Mighty One, the Steel-Bladdered, the Long Holder!”

“Well, turns out even your favorite superhero has her kryptonite.”

“Really? What is it?”

“One step at a time. So I started basic: water. We already knew that enough would get me desperate, but it does take a lot. Still, I wanted a control.”

“I’ve never been so turned on by scientific rigor.”

“You clearly haven’t been reading the right journal articles, then. Anyway, I knocked back a full water bottle before class, and then didn’t drink anything else during, and then tried to judge where I was at by lunch. I still can’t do that whole ten-point scale thing, but I could say if I needed to go or not.”

“Still with you so far.”

“I tried out a few different things. Coffee, pop, orange juice… I didn’t try beer, not because I thought it wouldn’t work, but because I wanted to keep the levels constant and I can’t go to class buzzed, not even for scientific rigor. Not even for you, hon.”

“I’m shocked that your love for me has limits.”

“Mmmhmm. Anyway, coffee was definitely the leader. The others, I definitely needed to pee by lunch, but I could wait. With coffee I needed to pee but I decided I needed to go enough before my afternoon classes that I’d better pee at lunch. But I didn’t like how jittery I got drinking a full water bottle full of coffee all at once. So today I thought I’d try black tea.”

“Aha.”

“And I think we have a winner, folks. The boost from caffeine but with plenty of water involved alongside. By lunchtime I definitely needed to go. Just about as bad as with coffee, but not so shaky. Problem was, I had to stop by Dr. Vince’s office. He’s my advisor. Have you ever had a class with him?”

“Not yet.”

“He is an awesome teacher. I love him so much. But the dude is a talker. I think he’s lonely, honestly—a bad divorce, I think. Whatever it is, he talks. I seriously need to give it an hour every time I have to go get a form signed.”

“I think I see where this is going.”

“Exactly! I tried to just swing by his office, get the paperwork done, then grab lunch and pee, then get off to the next class. But I am dead serious, he sat and talked to me for half an hour with the form sitting unsigned on his desk—and I was absolutely fascinated the entire time. If I hadn’t been so hungry and needing to pee, I could have stayed there all day. He’s that good. I learn something every time I step in his office. But today I was a little antsy, as you might guess, but I couldn’t leave since I know he’d lose the form if I just left it with him.

“Anyway, he finally notices the time and offers to take me out to lunch, since he’d eaten up most of lunch—”

“Heh.”

“Huh?”

“Nice pun.”

“…Right. I totally meant to say that and I will take full credit for it. I was worried about time, so he said he knew a little place that does these amazing burritos. Wouldn’t take long and I could take it with me. And they were huge, he says. Easily two meals. Well, I couldn’t pass up two free lunches. You know me. So I couldn’t afford not to. Besides, I’d get to spend another half-hour with Dr. Vince. I figured I could pee at the burrito place.”

“Whoops. Famous last words.”

“No kidding. The place is tiny. Like, three tables that seat two apiece, if you’re real friendly—actually, we should go back sometime, I wouldn’t mind being that friendly with you—and so: no bathroom. It’s really a food kiosk, only with a little seating. But Dr. Vince was right, they were fast. So we weren’t there very long anyway; we ate in his car as we were driving back. And he was right that the burritos were huge, I really did have a lot left over. So then I was worried about the leftovers going bad, so I race back to Bryant to stick them in the fridge. Put a label on them that I was getting sick, too, so maybe they’ll still be there tomorrow.”

“Let’s hope. But let me guess: at this point you didn’t have enough time to pee before class started.”

“Pretty much. Professor Stoltz is a stickler for being on time. She gets really sarcastic about it if we’re late, especially since we’re coming from lunch and theoretically have a whole hour. And since I need her to sign off on my thesis proposal for next year—that was what Dr. Vince was signing—I didn’t want to make her mad this week.”

“And then you can’t leave, right?”

“Actually she’s not so bad about stepping out. But I still don’t want to piss her off—heh, I am the Queen of the Unintentional Pun today, apparently—and besides, what she was talking about was actually pretty crucial. So I just held it. Kind of a mistake.”

“Yeah? What happened next?”

“Well, she held me after class! Wanted to talk about my thesis proposal. Then she called Dr. Vince over, and then they started talking, and once again it was totally critical for me to hear it and absolutely fascinating and taking forever and I’m standing there in the door of the classroom, half-in and half-out, and by now I’ve got one leg wrapped around the other and wondering if I’ll ever be able to escape and wondering why I need to pee so bad, since it was seriously the worst I’ve had to go in years when it wasn’t for your sake.”

“Worse than the traffic jam?”

“Okay, good point, but not quite the same situation. There I couldn’t lock down like usual. On the other hand, that time I knew that it would take me a long time to get to the bathroom. This time, the bathroom was literally twenty steps down the hall if I could just get away from my babbling profs. So my bladder was acting like I should be able to pee in the next minute.”

“Uh-huh.”

“So finally Professor Stoltz has to go, and Dr. Vince for once didn’t keep me—and just as I head to the bathroom, the janitor puts up the ‘Closed for Cleaning’ sign.”

“Oh, wow. Terrible timing.”

“Yup. So I go tearing down the steps, and in the lobby I’m looking one way to the bathrooms, which are all the way at the back when you’re on the ground floor, and I’m looking the other way at Bryant and thinking, ‘So can I make it over there, ditch my stuff, and call Parker over?’”

“You were thinking of me?”

“I was thinking of you the whole dang day, love, since this whole test is supposed to give you the best birthday present I can give. And I didn’t want to waste some perfectly good desperation—”

“That’s a phrase I’ve never heard before.”

“Well, you might get to hear it more with me around, huh? So I head for Bryant. But I’m halfway there when I suddenly feel myself start to leak. Like with the snow pants.”

“Wow. All that just from some black tea?”

“Black tea and Dr. Vince’s talking and a free lunch. So I look around and I realize that the nearest bathroom is actually probably in your dorm. So I headed for your dorm because I literally could not make it all the way to mine.”

“That’s… really hot? Am I allowed to be turned on by this?”

“Mmmmmmmhmmm. I wouldn’t be turning this into a epic tale of desperation and spinning it out if I didn’t want you turned on.”

“Oh, whew.”

“Did you really think I didn’t want you turned on?”

“Well, it sure seemed like you did. But at the beginning you said ‘Don’t take this the wrong way.’ Sorry if I’m overreacting.”

“I’m always grateful for your caring about consent, love. That is the kind of thing I really do not mind being extra-careful about. And yeah, I guess I did say that, didn’t I? I think what I wanted to warn you was don’t pop a hard-on then and there, ‘cause it wasn’t the time. Anyway, I clearly made it to your room without pissing myself, made it to the bathroom after that, pissed like crazy, and there you have it.”

“Wow. Thank you.”

“You’re welcome! But it’ll get better. Remember, I only drank one bottle of tea all day, and with a few delays, I nearly exploded after just six or seven hours. Just imagine what might happen if I drank two.”

Parker shivered.

“Plus some extra water when I get thirsty.”

He shivered again.

“On your birthday. And then I’ll take you inside me, even though I’ll be so desperate. And I won’t pee until you come.”

He was just quivering uncontrollably by now.

She stood on tiptoe and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. “Just keep remembering that for the next few weeks. With midterms I can’t guarantee much more, although I’ll try to make some time for something, Dacy or Mitchell willing. But if we can’t make it work, you just keep remembering my promise. ‘Cause I keep my promises.”

~~~~~~~~~

And there you have it, folks. Stay tuned; part one of the next chapter should be going up in a little while.

