Paper Mario TTYD

Author: wheatley

*000*2015-10-10 20:54

This is my first one so sorry if it sucks

###

Our story starts off in Rogueport. A beautiful day, the sky is bright, the people are walking around, don't pay attention to the gangfight down at the docks.

Now then, we start off in the Rogueport Sewers where Mario is trying to find the right path.

"AARGH! This map makes no sense!"

Goombella called for Mario "uh, Mario..."

"Which pipe do we take!?"

"Mario!"

"How does this map even work!? What a waste of coins!"

Koops then whistled for Mario.

"WHAT!?" Mario then said. there was a pipe right behind them that had an arrow that said SPESHEL TREHSR PAIP. After a kind of stupid trip they arrived at Craft Plains, where the legendary treasure was. Koops then noticed Goombella's strange fidgeting.

"hey Goombela, everything alright?"

Goombella snapped back to reality "Y- yeah, I'm alright, just eager to get going, hehe..."

(yesterday night)

The gang was hanging out at the bar. Kind of a simple night, lots of drinks. Let's cut to the chase: Mario and his friends were KO'd after a Bob omb blew up and they were affected. They woke up in the garbage bin and Mario found the map. Mario and Koops were perfectly fine since they're guys, ya know... but Goombella drank quite lot more and she ever had the chance to go to the bathroom since they left. so yeah.

(Present Time)

It didn't take long for them to get to the temple, but by 7:00 AM Goombella was about ready to lose it (they set off at 6 AM). She was keeping her feet crossed together tightly and at times wishing she had arms. Mario and Koops had to do the fighting. It only took a few minutes each but to Goombella it seemed like ages. They managed to get to the outside after a while.

"Wow, this place is huge! do you think we'll get there soon?" Mario said

"Uh, looks like we're almost at the top" Koops said, looking at the map

Just then, a dragon's scream shook the entire castle. Goombella's eyes started to tear up. She started to leak a bit into her panties.

"G- guys..." she then said. Mario looked at her in a confused look. "I need a b- bathroom, NOW! Wait here please!" she then ran back into the previous door, nearly tripping over the stairs.

"jeez, so she had to pee..." Mario said.

Once Goombella went through the door she went into a dungeon cell with a sigh of relief. But before she could even ge ready, she was attacked by a dry bones. "Ow! Quit it!"

Mario and Koops heard Goombella's screaming and went to help. After they took out the dry bones Goombella got up. She then felt her bladder throw a critical blow. You know what happens next.

"Nonononono!" Goombella started crying as a large wet spot appeared on her suit and surrounded her in a puddle of urine. It took about 2 minutes until it finally stopped. "I can't believe I wet myself! In front of my closest friends of all people!" Mario and Koops couldn't do anything but feel sorry for her.

Mario patted her on the head while Koops dug through his pouch. He then pulled out his spare hoodie and gave it to Goombella. She knew exactly what it was for, since it was not such a good idea to wear a wet suit. (no not wetsuit, I mean wet suit, as in a suit with a wet spot). After Goombella changed into the hoodie, the went to get the treasure.

THE END

*004*2015-10-10 23:02

Well I've been reading over these comments and I'm really liking the support. thanks guys. anyways the problem with making stories is I can't find much inspiration these days and the fact that I SUCK at writing stories (I have a C in English). So I might put up a request thread if I get writer's block (or in this case, TYPER'S BLOCK- I know im bad at making jokes too). anyways thanks for the support, as I said.

Btw the treasure was...... 1 COIN! YES! 1 COIN!

