Wetting Pants leads to great sex

Author: Wetsy

*000*2021-09-30 19:36

This is an old story I saved from Wetset several years ago and just found again..Enjoy

After reading Vol 24 No 12, I simply had to write. I'm referring to the letter *Tinkle Turn-on* sent to your Adviser column by A.W. of Kent, in which she describes how she became excited while seeing her daughter wetting herself, and that she gets tempted to retreat to her younger years and wet her own knickers while she's out shopping. I hope she reads this letter and tries it. I was in a similar situation last year with my daughter. I was walking home with her from a school open day at the time. Sara,my daughter, had mentioned that she wanted a wee, but I didn't realize how badly she wanted to go until I saw her holding herself tightly.

'Go behind the hedge,' I said quickly. She tried, taking tiny steps, then suddenly lifted her skirt and ran through the gap. When I caught up with her, my mouth went dry and, like A.W., I became very excited. Sara was half-stooping, legs apart, with a stream of wee coming through her knickers. I wanted to go myself and in my excitement, I released a long spurt into my jeans. I'm sure Sara noticed the mark it made, but she didn't say anything. I went through weeks of torment and frustration, even jealousy. I wanted to wet my pants like Sara had, but soaking one's knickers is hardly suitable behaviour for a woman of 34. In the end, I put myself in a situation where I had to do it. I waited until I was desperate then went for a walk alone, on an open common with no cover, and it worked.

After twenty minutes, I stooped down and wet my knickers like a naughty schoolgirl. It was an incredible experience, and when I masturbated afterwards, I had the most sensational orgasm I've ever had. A.W., you really must try it. As I have said, this happened nearly a year ago. Since then, I've been a compulsive wet girl, indulging several times a week. I've also told my daughter that, if she needs to, she should never feel guilty about wetting herself, and although she's never said so, I know that she has on at least half a dozen occasions. The icing on the cake came six weeks ago. I was preparing the evening meal, when I gave in to my weakness and nipped into the loo and piddled myself, intending to go upstairs for a quick diddle, but something boiled over and I had to change my plans.

Just as the crisis was in hand, my husband came in, feeling a bit randy, and stuck his hand straight up my skirt. 'Yuk!' he yelled. 'You dirty bitch, you've pissed yourself.' 'Sorry,' I spluttered. 'I had to. I'll go and change.' 'Like hell you will,' he said. Kneeling down, he unzipped my skirt and kissed me between my legs before pulling my pants off and proceeding to have almost brutal sex with me. In the aftermath, I panted that I'd have to wet myself more often. 'You had bloody well better,' he said. Well, I kept my word and now I'll do it almost anywhere - on my own, or with hubby watching. Sex afterwards - by hand, vibrator or with the real thing - is fantastic. So, A.W., get on with it. Once you're used to doing it, try to stage an accident in front of your husband, and if he doesn't respond, keep it to yourself and your favourite fingers. I do hope it all works for you as well as it did for me.

