Pissmas elf girl

Author: wee fairy

*000*2025-06-03 20:16

"Alright, three more gifts and I can finally take a break," the little elf girl murmured to herself, her eyes drooping slightly. The night air was cold and crisp, a stark contrast to the warmth of the North Pole workshop she'd left behind hours ago. The moon cast a soft glow over the quiet, sleeping town as she hovered above the rooftops, her sleigh loaded with joyful parcels.

The first delivery was a breeze. She tiptoed into the room, avoiding the creaking floorboards, and placed the gift under the tree. The scent of freshly baked cookies lingered in the air, and she couldn't help but feel a twinge of hunger. But no, she had to keep going. Two more to go.

As she approached the second house, the pressure in her bladder grew more insistent. She clenched her legs together, trying to ignore the discomfort as she descended. The chimney was narrow, but she'd done this a hundred times before. The warmth of the fireplace below beckoned, but she knew she had to stay focused. The family was fast asleep, the sound of their snores a gentle lullaby that did nothing to soothe her growing need.

The second delivery went off without a hitch, but now the urgency was becoming unbearable. She could feel the warmth of her bladder against her cold elf skin, a reminder that she had been holding it in for far too long. Her cheeks grew rosy, not from the cold, but from the effort of keeping her discomfort at bay. The elixir she'd had before setting out was working overtime.

Her legs wobbled as she took to the skies again, the sleigh swaying slightly from side to side. The third house loomed in the distance, its chimney beckoning like a mirage in the desert. Each flap of her wings sent a spike of pressure through her body, and she had to grit her teeth to keep from letting out a tiny whimper. She hoped the recipients of the final two gifts weren't light sleepers.

As the memory of that fateful day at age six resurfaced, her cheeks grew hot with a mix of embarrassment and desperation. She had been so shy, so afraid of asking for help in the school bathroom. Instead, she had held on, sipped her water bottle to keep her mouth busy, and hoped for the best. The walk home had been torturous, the cold winter air seemingly freezing her bladder in place. But as soon as she saw the familiar red door of her house, the dam had burst, and she'd left a puddle of shame on the stairs that no one ever talked about again.

Now, as she hovered over the third house, the memory was all too real. She tightly gripped her crotch, trying to stem the flow that was growing more insistent by the second. Her eyes watered with the effort, and she swore she could feel the warm trickle escaping despite her best efforts. She had to land, she had to find somewhere to relieve herself, but there was no time. Two more gifts to deliver, and she was so close to the end of her shift.

Her sleigh touched down lightly on the roof of the third house. She knew this one had to be quick. The family was notorious for waking up early on Christmas Eve to catch a glimpse of Santa. With trembling hands, she grabbed the last two gifts and tiptoed to the chimney. The heat was intense, and she could feel the warmth radiating through her clothes. It didn't help the situation; the heat only made her bladder protest more vigorously.

With no other option, she pulled down her red lacy panties and sat precariously on the edge of the chimney. The soft give of the fern as she squeezed through was almost a relief in itself, but it wasn't enough. She gathered a bunch of snow against her hole, hoping somehow it would muffle the sound of her hot hissy wee.

Closing her eyes, she whispered a silent prayer to the Christmas spirits. She couldn't hold it anymore. The floodgates opened and the hot urine spurted out, painting the cold metal inside the chimney. The sound was surprisingly muted, but the feeling was anything but. It was a symphony of relief, echoing through the tight space and bouncing off the bricks. The heat from her bladder release warmed her in the most intimate of ways, sending a shiver of pleasure up her spine that she hadn't anticipated. It was wrong, she knew, but she couldn't help the quiet moan that slipped from her lips.

Her eyes shot open as the sound reverberated back at her, fear gripping her heart. The family below had to have heard, she was sure of it. But as she held her breath, listening intently, the only noise that met her ears was the gentle crackling of the fire. The snores remained consistent, a rhythmic lullaby that seemed to mock her current predicament. She hadn't fully emptied her bladder, just enough to ease the pressure, and the reality of what she had done settled heavily upon her.

The warm trickle against the metal was a stark contrast to the coldness of the night, creating a small steaming cloud that curled upwards. She couldn't believe she'd done it, but she had no other choice. The elixir had only staved off the inevitable for so long. She squeezed just enough to satisfy her growing need, but not fully empty out her bladder. The anxiety gnawing at her about the possibility of the family waking up, coupled eith her want to just finish her shift snd get into her comfy pj's, made her heart race faster than one of the reindeer on Christmas Eve.

With a sigh of relief, she quickly pulled her panties back up and stuffed the remaining snow into her pocket. She had to keep going. Two more gifts. She could do this. She whispered an apology to the house's chimney and hoped the family would think it was just a strange sound from the fireplace. Carefully, she climbed back into her sleigh and took off, the warmth of her secret trickling down her legs.

Her bladder felt slightly better, but the weight of her mistake sat heavy in her stomach. The cold night air stung her face as she flew, the wind whipping through her clothes, making her feel both exposed and strangely liberated. She had never done anything like this before, never been so desperate that she couldn't hold it in. But she had a job to do, and she was going to finish it.

The fourth house loomed into view, a sprawling mansion with more lights than she had ever seen. Her stomach twisted as she thought about the family inside, blissfully unaware of the elf girl's predicament. All she wanted to do was sit in her own bathroom and gush out the rest of her pee, feeling the warmth spread over her legs as she finally emptied her bladder. But she couldn't. Not yet.

Her body was on autopilot now, the routine of delivering gifts ingrained in her after years of service. She landed with a soft thud on the snow-covered roof, her legs shaking from the effort of holding in her urine. The chimney was wider here, a luxury she didn't dare take advantage of. Instead, she knelt down, her knees sinking into the cold, and whispered a silent apology to the house's unsuspecting inhabitants before sliding down the chimney.

The warmth of the fireplace was like a beacon, calling to her, but she had to stay focused. The final two gifts lay at the bottom, wrapped in glittering paper and ribbon, begging to be placed under the grand tree that dominated the living room. She could see the light from the workshop in the distance, the North Star guiding her home. But the sight of it only made her bladder spasm, a cruel reminder that she still had one more delivery to make before she could seek relief.

Her knees almost gave out as she stepped onto the roof of the fourth house. The cold metal was unforgiving against her warm skin, sending shivers down her spine. She clutched her stomach, the pressure now unbearable, as she approached the final chimney of the night. It was wider, a luxury she hadn't anticipated, and for a moment, she considered relieving herself right there, but the fear of getting caught was too great.

As she began her descent, she heard it—the unmistakable sound of someone else in the house. The muffled noise grew clearer as she reached the bottom, and to her horror, it was a child's voice, and it was coming from the bathroom. "I can't hold it much longer," the young boy grunted, his feet tapping impatiently on the tiles. She froze mid-delivery, her bladder aching in sympathy.

The sound of the toilet flushing was like a taunt, a cruel reminder of her own predicament. She clenched her legs tightly, willing her body to wait just a few moments longer. The child's footsteps grew louder as he left the bathroom, and she ducked behind the tree, her heart hammering against her chest. She held her breath, listening as he padded down the hall, his little voice mumbling about the strange sound from the chimney.

The elf girl waited until she heard the door to the child's room click shut before she exhaled in relief. But the respite was short-lived. The pressure in her bladder was now a constant throb, the need to pee bordering on painful. She could feel the warmth of it against her thighs, a constant reminder of her own body's betrayal. The house was silent, save for the distant ticking of a grandfather clock, each second feeling like an eternity.

Her eyes searched for a secluded spot in the backyard, and she spotted a small hedge that would do. She sprinted towards it, the cold snow biting at her legs. The moment she reached the shrubbery, she could hold on no longer. She barely managed to rush out into the snow when the dam finally broke. She was sprawled on her hands and knees, face down ass up in the snow, while the hot golden liquid gushed out from her hole with a force that made her head spin. The feeling was indescribable, a mix of relief and embarrassment, as her bladder emptied itself of the elixir-induced burden.

Her moans grew louder with each spurt, the sound muffled slightly by the crunch of the snow beneath her. She had never felt so exposed, so vulnerable. The hissing of her pee hitting the cold earth seemed to echo in the stillness of the night, a stark reminder of her desperation. She didn't care if the whole world heard her, all she cared about was the sweet release that washed over her.

The warmth of her bladder's contents spread out in the snow around her, creating a steamy halo that reflected the moon's glow. Her eyes squeezed shut, she let go completely, the feeling of emptiness spreading from her core to her fingertips. For a brief, glorious moment, she forgot about the gifts, the cold, and the impending doom of being caught. It was just her, the night, and the sweet relief that surged from her.

The elf girl's body trembled with each spurt, the muscles in her abdomen contracting in waves. The sensation was overwhelming, a delicious agony that she never wanted to end. She could feel the elixir mixing with the urine, a strange cocktail of magic and human necessity. The snow around her melted into a small puddle, the heat of her pee a stark contrast to the frigid ground.

As the last drops fell from her, she couldn't help but giggle. The sight of her red lacy panties, soaked and sticking to her snow-covered thighs, made her look like a tiny fire hydrant in the moonlit night. The absurdity of the situation brought a much-needed smile to her lips, easing the tension in her shoulders. She took a moment to revel in the quiet, the only sound her own labored breathing and the distant patter of her pee on the snow.

Her bladder now empty, the little elf girl felt lighter than she had in hours. She wiped her wet cheeks with the back of her hand, the cold air a refreshing slap to her senses. With a sigh, she tugged her panties back into place, the chilly fabric sending a shiver through her. The dampness clung to her, a soggy reminder of her impromptu bathroom break, but she was too relieved to care.

Gently, she stood up, her legs wobbly from the effort of holding in her pee for so long. The puddle she had made in the snow sparkled with the magic of the elixir, creating a mesmerizing pattern of frost that spread outwards like a spiderweb. For a brief moment, she considered leaving it there as a silent declaration of her victory over the tyranny of her own body, but duty called. The last gift remained undelivered.

With a sigh, she stepped out of her frozen puddle and took a few deep breaths. The cold night air was a slap to her warm, wet thighs, but she barely felt it. The ache in her bladder had receded to a dull throb, a reminder of the battle she'd just won. She brushed off the snow clinging to her panties and tugged them back into place, the fabric clinging to her skin like a second, colder layer. The sensation was strange, but she couldn't deny the newfound sense of relief that washed over her.

Her eyes fell upon the sleigh, and she felt a sudden urgency to complete her mission. Just one gift left. She couldn't let a little accident hold her back from her duties. She approached the final chimney with a newfound confidence, her legs surprisingly steady. The house was dark, save for the flickering light of the fireplace, and she hoped that everyone inside was still fast asleep.

