So You Desperately Need To Pee In A Run-Down Mall

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2016-03-16 23:47

I need help.

What's wrong?

I'm at a run-down mall and I really need to pee.

OK. This one is easy. Malls have bathrooms. You should go to one.

Obviously I've already tried that. This one has three. One of them is locked. One of them has an enormous queue full of people who apparently hate me. And one of them is currently occupied by some sort of giant Iguana that keeps trying to bite me if I go near the door.

Hrmm... Lets start with bathroom number one. Did you consider that it might not be locked but rather you were pulling on a door you should have pushed?

I'm pretty sure I tried both.

I think you should go and check.

Fine.

No it's really locked. And look, I have to pee really, really badly. We can't keep fucking around double-checking doors.

Fair enough. Are you alone?

Sort of. The bathroom door is down this corridor thing.

Excellent. You are just going to have to whip it out.

What?

Your penis. Whip it out.

I can't do that!

Sure you can. Just piss on the wall and then run away before security turn up.

No. I can't do that. I don't have a penis.

... Did you lose it in some kind of carnival related incident?

What the fuck? No! I'm a woman!

Right. Well that option is right off the table then. You'll have to pick the lock. First off insert the long metal thing from your lock-picking kit into...

I don't have a lock-picking kit either.

Why not? You really should carry one for situations like this.

Well I don't. Come on... I'm nearly bursting here.

You'll have to bust the lock then. Find something heavy nearby.

There's a trash can?

That will do. Pick it up and slam it down on the lock.

*Crashing sound*

Did it work?

It did not. The door is still locked and now there is trash everywhere.

If you can't get through the door you'll just have to go around it. Is there a vent near the door? Just to the right of it?

There is! How did you know?

Ventilation systems are excellent ways to get around large buildings. Particularly if they were built in the 70's. Now pull off the cover and climb into the vent.

Are you sure this is a good idea? I don't want to get cut up by a fan, or fall through the bottom of the vent, or mauled by a raccoon or...

Of course it is a good idea. You'll be fine.

Which way should I go?

Right. Definitely right.

I have to pee so bad. What happens if I pee my pants in the vent?

You aren't going to pee your pants in the vent. Just cross your legs and keep crawling.

*Crashing sound*

I've fallen through the vent.

Are you OK?

I think so. I landed of a pile of irregularly sized sweaters in a knock-off Old Navy.

Good. You are going to need to get back up into the vents. We'll try left next time.

I can't. I need to pee worst then I have ever had to pee. It's almost coming out.

We'll just have to lean into this. You better let a little bit out. Just a little bit mind you.

Is that a good idea? What if I can't stop?

You'll be able to stop. Just clench your muscles.

OK. I'm doing it... Oh shit! I can't stop!

Just clench your muscles!

*hissing sound*

It's running down my legs!

Stop peeing! Clench your muscles!

It's getting all over the irregularly sized sweaters!

Fuck! People are starring. What do I do now?

Congratulations! You no longer desperately need to go to the bathroom in a run-down mall. Should you desire any further help, please consult our guide. So You Have Peed Your Pants In A Knock-Off Old Navy.

*002*2016-03-17 00:00

{{: 

This is so cute. Love the idea behind it!

}}

Thanks! It's the format Chris Bucholz uses sometimes when writing for Cracked. But I thought it might be a cute and different way to write an omo story. :)

*004*2016-03-17 00:08

{{: 

It is. The only thing I'm a bit confused about is the last lines. Most of the story is written like the mall is abandoned (she's throwing trash cans around and nobody seems to care about someone crawling into a vent and all the bathrooms are locked tight), but in the last line, it mentions other people staring. Which seems out of place.

}}

Fair enough. :/ Apologies, I wasn't clear enough there. It's run down but still totally a functioning mall. Things like trash cans, and vents, and falling through the ceiling are all terrible, awful ideas, which is the point. Only one bathroom is locked though, they other ones have either people who hate her or giant iguanas :p

*014*2018-11-13 12:05

{{12 hours ago, luckymon2 said:

Hehe this was so cute, loved the style of writing.

}}

Thanks! It was a something a bit different :) And also thanks to everyone I apparently forgot to thank a couple of years ago!

