Jenny Busted Again

Author: Wet19

*000*2017-04-29 22:55

I know I still have an unfinished story but I keep getting ideas and if I don't put them down right away I lose them.

Jenny and Annie were getting ready for a movie night at home. Megan was coming over with Katy also. They originally planned to order pizza, but Annie decided she wanted burritos instead, so she offered to go out and get burritos and ice cream. Jenny told her what she wanted and Annie left. After sitting on the couch browsing her favorite Omo forum on her phone, Jenny headed down the hallway toward the bathroom. She looked at her watch as she pulled down her jeans and sat on the toilet. She had about half an hour until Megan and Katy were supposed to arrive. She decided to quickly take advantage of that time. Once she had finished peeing her panties on the toilet, she pulled her jeans up over them and washed her hands. She went back into the living room and pulled her phone out of her pocket. Standing in the center of the room, she started to play a game on her phone and a minute later, began pooping her pants. The apartment door creaked opened behind her.

She didn't move an inch and continued playing her game and pooping her pants. Without looking up she said to Annie "That was fast!". Then she heard Megan's voice "What was fast?" Jenny's butt cheeks clenched around the poop and her head snapped to the side. Her face flushed bright red as she realized Megan and Katy had been the ones to open the door, not Annie. They were early. Katy appeared to have not noticed Jenny's dirty deed right away and was unloading a bag of Doritos and a bottle of salsa from a grocery bag onto the kitchen counter. Megan, on the other hand, was looking at Jenny with an odd expression on her face.

It was clear to Jenny that she had noticed. Megan pretended that she hadn't noticed and forced a smile, then she went into the kitchen to unload the grocery back of snacks she was holding. It was things like hot sauce, popcorn, and various candy. Jenny walked awkwardly and quickly down the hallway and into her room, closing the door behind her. She twisted the blinds closed and then covered her face with her hands as she continued pooping her pants. She was so humiliated.

She didn't want to leave her room. In fact, once she had finished pooping, she laid down on her bed and fought back tears. She had never been caught pooping her pants before (except by Annie). Peeing her pants was one thing. She could claim that to be an accident, even at home. But it was blatantly obvious that she was pooping her pants on purpose. The smell creeped into her nose. Under normal circumstances it didn't bother her. In her current state of embarrassment, however, it nearly caused her to gag. From the hallway she heard Katy shout "Jenny!" It got louder as Katy advanced down the hallway "Jenny? Where are you?"

Jenny's stomach dropped and a lump formed in her throat as she realized she had forgotten to lock the door. If she jumped up now it would be too late by the time she reached the knob. The door knob jostled. Jenny peered at it with one wide eye, the other was covered by her arms crossed over to hide her face. Suddenly she heard "Katy, come back here. Jenny will be back soon." She was saved by Megan. Jenny sighed loudly and her body relaxed a bit. She laid there unmoving for 15 minutes. Then she heard the apartment door open. The sound of Annie, Megan and Katy all greeting each other was muffled through the closed door.

She heard Annie ask "Where's Jenny?" Jenny swallowed hard and prepared for the ensuing embarrassment. Megan said simply "She's in her room" and followed it with a soft "I think she's embarrassed." Any other person might have asked why, but Annie knew what the likely reasons were. Rather than humiliate her sister more, Annie simply texted Jenny: "Are you ok?" Jenny wanted to ignore the message, and did for a few minutes. Finally she responded "They caught me." Though the message was vague, Annie understood immediately that it was one of two things. She replied "Can you clean up and join us please? I'll keep them distracted." Jenny sneered at the message and in hasty momentary annoyance typed "But I have to shower! I can't hide that!"

Shortly after she sent the message she heard Annie "Hey, how about some music!" after which Annie's playlist began to fill the empty spaces of the apartment. Jenny fumed with frustration at first, but after some breathing, felt an overwhelming love and appreciation for her sister. She got up from her bed and retrieved some clean jeans and panties from her closet, then snuck across the hall to the bathroom. She cleaned herself up and showered as quickly as she could while also rinsing her panties in the shower. She quickly snuck back to her room and deposited the soiled clothing in her hamper. The room still smelled strongly of poop, so she opened the window and positioned her fan to blow outside in order to circulate fresh air in. Then she went to join the others in the living room, making sure to close the bedroom door behind her. Her heart pounded so hard she could hear it in her ears and her face burned bright red as she approached the three girls sitting around the coffee table.

They had all eaten already and were playing Uno. The music was slightly louder than Jenny was comfortable with for a social setting, but she was grateful that it had masked the sound of the shower running. "Finally! What took you so long?" piped up Katy. She had always been a bit spunky. Everyone ignored her comment and Annie quickly spoke up "Your burrito is in the fridge waiting for you." Jenny forced a smile and said "Thanks!"

As she turned to go to the kitchen, she glanced at Megan. Their eyes met for a second and Megan winked. Jenny's stomach dropped again and her heart pounded faster. "She knows!" she thought as she approached the fridge. Jenny opened the fridge and stared at the burrito wrapped in foiled on the glass shelf. She was hungry but had no appetite. Her brain was preoccupied and she could not put together the reasoning to decide if she should eat the burrito now or wait, so she simply stood there and stared at it. Her feet were getting cold, but still she stood, like statue carved of marble.

She jumped when the sink turned on behind her. She looked. It was Megan filling up her glass of water. Megan motioned toward the burrito and said sarcastically "Staring at it isn't going to cook it." Jenny forced a smile and a single chuckle but said nothing. Sensing her discomfort, Megan leaned in and mumbled into Jenny's ear. Her voice was barely audible through the music blasting in the living room. She said "You don't need to be embarrassed. I won't tell anyone and I won't make fun of you."

Jenny felt relieved but was still embarrassed. Megan leaned in again to add one more thing "I'm pretty sure Katy didn't notice so don't worry about her either." Then Megan returned to the living room. With a large sigh Jenny felt most of the tension melt away. Her stomach growled and she decided she would eat her burrito. She put it in the microwave and cooked it, then joined everyone else in the living room. Jenny ate while they played one more round of Uno then started the movie. There was no mention of Jenny pooping her pants the rest of the night.

