Pee-Paid Penalty

Author: wether

*000*2025-11-21 15:52

(Quick note for international readers: In Poland you get penalty points for traffic offences. Reach 24 points (20 if you’ve had your licence less than 2 years) and you lose your driving licence for 6 months. The woman in this story is at 22…)

Pee-Paid Penalty

“Where the hell do you think you’re going?!” I yell, slamming the horn. I’m turning left when suddenly a silver SUV from the next lane cuts right in front of me, so close I can almost smell the exhaust. I slam the brakes, my heart pounding like a drum.

I don’t let it go. I follow.

She’s driving fast, nervously switching lanes, glancing at the clock every few seconds. Five minutes later she pulls up outside a school; the bell rang ages ago. The back door flies open, a little girl with a backpack jumps out and sprints to the gate.

The SUV starts moving again, but I block her in, bumper to bumper. No way out.

I get out, walk to her window, tap the glass, and flash my wallet for half a second, just enough for the golden emblem to glint. She lowers the window a crack. Gorgeous woman, about 35, pale as a ghost, eyes wide.

“You just cut me off back there,” I say loudly, a bit angryli. “We nearly crashed.”

“What are you talking about? I was driving perfectly!” she snaps, but her voice shakes.

“Step out. I’ll show you the dashcam footage.”

She hesitates, knuckles white on the steering wheel. Finally she opens the door, very slowly, carefully. White blouse, dark hair in a high ponytail. As she swings her legs out, the tight black pencil skirt rides up just enough for a flash of white panties. Tanned, shapely legs, delicate sandals. “Fucking nice piece of ass”, I think. She walks ahead of me to my car in tiny, tense steps, thighs pressed tight together.

I sit her in the passenger seat, cue the video. Everything is crystal clear: her SUV, my hood, inches from disaster.

“With this I’m going straight to the police,” I say. “Fine and six penalty points. How many do you have left?”

“Two…” she whispers, voice breaking. Her hands squeeze her knees so hard the knuckles go white. Lower lip trembling. Legs tightly crossed, one foot bouncing like crazy. Breathing fast and shallow.

“Why were you in such a rush?” I ask, looking her dead in the eye. “Like you were about to pee yourself?”

She blushes crimson. Tears instantly well up.

“Because… I really, really have to go…” she admits in a tiny whisper. “My daughter missed the bus… traffic… it’s been over an hour… please, just let me find a toilet, I’ll be right back, I swear…”

“Then I’m off to the police.”

“No!” she almost screams. “Please… I’ll do anything… just no ticket…”

I let the silence hang for a moment. Then I reach into the door pocket and pull out a small, empty bottle.

“Anything? Then pee. Right here.”

She freezes. Eyes huge, brimming with terror.

“Here…? In front of you…? No… please… I can’t… I’m so embarrassed…”

I shrug and take a look at the dashcam.

“Okay…” she whispers, voice cracking. “But… please don’t look…”

“Miss a show like this?”

She drops to her knees on the rubber mat in front of the seat. Hands shaking violently, she slowly lifts the hem of her skirt, inch by inch, revealing smooth, tanned thighs. Slides her white panties down to her knees. Positions the bottle. Looks at me one last desperate time; I just nod.

She lets go.

A strong, loud stream hits the plastic instantly, hissing, echoing inside the car. Tears roll down her cheeks. She bites her lip to keep from moaning. Ten seconds and the bottle is almost overflowing.

“Stop!” I command.

She tries. Every muscle in her thighs tenses and trembles, but it takes several seconds for the stream to taper off. She’s panting, staring at me in panic.

“I still have to go… I can’t hold it… please…”

“Squat between the doors. Where I can see.”

She opens the door with a trembling hand, steps out with panties still at her knees, squats beside the open door, skirt bunched around her waist. The rest gushes out in a loud, steaming torrent onto the asphalt, a big dark puddle spreading between her feet. It goes on for nearly half a minute. When it’s finally over, only quiet dripping remains.

“Do you… have a tissue…?” she asks softly, sniffling.

I look at her for a second. Shrug. Slowly shake my head.

She pulls the soaked panties up, wincing as the fabric clings to her wet skin. The skirt falls back into place.

“Watch,” I say, theatrically pressing “delete” on the dashcam. “Gone.”

“Thank you…” she whispers, barely believing it.

Then, with voice tiny and broken:

“It’s all wet down there… and I have nothing to change into… I’ll be like this all day… in my office…”

“You should have thought of that before you cut me off.”

She says nothing. Lowers her eyes. Walks to her SUV in stiff little steps, gets in carefully, closes the door, and drives away slowly, every movement radiating shame.

I pull the memory card. Plug it into the laptop. Recuva. Three seconds, file restored.

Then I remember the second camera pointed at the cabin. Curious, I hit play.

There she is on the screen: skirt bunched at her waist, white panties around her knees, the bottle filling with a loud hiss while tears stream down her flushed cheeks.

Perfect.

I save both files. Twice.

Just in case… and just because.

