September 2022 Omorashi Writing Compeition

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2022-09-02 14:11

Hi everyone,

Following the success of the writing competition we did over the summer, I'm going to start another round. For this one, we're just going to use the following prompt, it was the runner up in the democratic prompt selection process during the last round - and also, it seems fitting as the summer comes to an end for many of us:

1. Character, alone or with friends, is on a small boat. Perhaps it is something as small as a canoe or even a kayak. Maybe it's a bit larger, a sailboat or even a 24' power cruiser, but it is certainly not large enough to have been outfitted with a head. Needless to say, they soon finds they need to pee, but dressed as they are in street clothes rather than swimming gear, that's going to prove awkward.

You can DM me your submissions. I'm going to make the submission deadline October 31st.

Also DM me if you are interested in being a judge, the scoring process will be the same as last round.

Finally, the prize for the winner of this round will be a free story commission, from me, on the topic of your choosing.

Hopefully there is still some interest in this. Happy writing!

*002*2022-09-11 22:15

Not sure how many people are planning to submit something, but yes!

{{2 hours ago, Bf1fan said:

This is still on right?

}}

*007*2022-09-14 21:46

If you're ready early, feel free to post and submit via a link!

$

$

$

$

$

*017*2022-11-05 07:57

Judging has commenced! Will likely take a few weeks or so.

Thanks for participating everyone

*018*2022-11-09 16:06

The judging is actually already complete and, by a slim margin, the winner is @Kayn

Congrats! All of the entries this round were absolutely fantastic. Thank you to everyone for participating

