Shopping disaster (Definitely not something that happened to me)!

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2026-01-14 15:28

I was twenty-one and feeling quite pleased with myself when Mum suggested a proper day out together.

We started with a boozy brunch, the kind where the prosecco keeps flowing and you lose track of how many glasses you’ve had because you’re talking and laughing too much.

By the time we headed into the shopping centre, I felt relaxed, slightly tipsy, and very much in the mood to browse.

About half an hour in, I realised I needed the loo. Not desperately at first, just that gentle nudge you think you can ignore. I didn’t want to interrupt Mum while she was rifling through a sale rack, so I held on.

Another shop.

Another drink of water. The nudge became a pressure, then a proper, urgent need.

“Mum,” I said, trying to sound casual, “I really need the toilet.”

We walked to the usual place, only to be met with a laminated sign taped across the door: *Closed until further notice*.

I stared at it, my stomach dropping. I crossed my legs and laughed weakly, but my body was already shaking with the effort of holding on.

That was when I felt it. A sudden loss of control, brief but unmistakable. Warmth spread down the inside of my jeans before I could stop it. I gasped and clamped my legs together, mortified. When I glanced down, the dark patch had reached all the way to my knees.

“Oh my God,” I whispered. “Mum, I can’t—”

She grabbed my arm. “Right. We’re going to find somewhere. Come on.”

We hurried out onto the street, me walking stiffly, painfully aware of the damp fabric clinging to my legs.

The nearest place was a hairdresser. Mum went in first, explaining quickly, pointing back at me.

The owner shook her head, apologetic but firm, saying they couldn’t let customers use the loo because of insurance.

While Mum argued, I was beyond coping. I was hopping on the spot, holding myself, tears already gathering. “Please, Mum,” I begged, my voice cracking. “I can’t hold it. Please, let’s just go.”

I didn’t get the chance. My body gave up completely. I felt it happen, unstoppable this time, heat spreading, jeans soaking through in seconds. I stood there, frozen, humiliated, tears spilling over as people nearby started to notice. Mum turned just in time to see what had happened, her face falling.

I couldn’t bear it. I turned and walked away, shoulders hunched, crying openly as I headed towards the bus stop.

The walk felt endless. Every step reminded me of what had happened. Most people passed without a second glance, absorbed in their own worlds, but a few noticed. Some looked away quickly, embarrassed for me. One woman frowned in confusion. A couple of teenagers sniggered as I passed, and my cheeks burned as I pretended not to hear.

By the time I reached the bus stop, I felt utterly drained. I stood to one side, staring at the road, willing the bus to come quickly. The ride home was excruciating. I perched on the edge of the seat, eyes fixed on the floor, counting the stops until I could get off.

When I finally got home, the day felt unreal, like something that had happened to someone else. What was meant to be a light-hearted shopping date had turned into one of the most humiliating experiences of my life.

All I wanted was to shut my bedroom door, change into dry clothes, and let the day end.

