Housemates: Moments

Author: Weasel

*000*2019-01-04 01:31

Hello, all my lovely readers. This story will be a little different; more along the line of a "clip show", perhaps, focusing on short incidents rather than developing a big story around just one.

It's also a bit different in that this story focuses primarily on the story of Meagan and Parker and their relationship, more so than the kink (and sometimes via the kink). I confess I'm doing that a lot -- I caught myself today after writing 2500 words and multiple scenes without a bit of omo content. I promise you that there will still be sexy stuff in these stories, but I'm enjoying writing these two kids just for their own selves, and we're getting farther and farther into "novel with some fetish content". But then, that's why I started writing this, so you should know what I'm up to by now.

The usual plugs: Seasons 1 and 2 are available in PDF (with bonus content) by request/trade; PM me. For Season 3 so far:

Road Trip

The Trouble with Housemates

Rainy Sunday

Flipping the Script

Without further ado, here's the first Moment.

###

Thursday, November 10th, 2005

8:19pm

Zephyr had to pee again, obviously so. But there was Halo 2 to be played, and this level was proving tough.

Travis was there, but he wasn’t really watching; he was doing something on his computer, his back to the room. Zephyr was sitting on the couch—well, sitting on her heel on the couch—that Lucy had picked up at a garage sale. Lucy herself was at the barn. Dacy was out with Clark. Meagan was, once again, at the library. Parker was lounging in the beanbag chair off to the side, eyes switching back and forth between the screen and Zephyr’s body. Tension was written on all her muscles, concentration was all over her face. Especially her lip, which she was biting. It was entirely possible she’d forgotten that Parker was even in the room. He’d decided he wouldn’t remind her.

There was also a trick to this particular level that Parker knew, and that he suspected Zephyr also knew, but that she had probably forgotten. He’d decided he wouldn’t remind her of that, either.

Back and forth went his eyes…

“Fuck.”

The whispered word brought his eyes whipping back around to lock onto her body. If his time with Meagan had taught Parker anything, it was what a woman looked like when she was on the verge of peeing whether she wanted to or not.

I should offer to take over.

If I do, she’ll go pee and I can’t watch her anymore.

Zephyr was breathing hard now.

I really should say something.

“Hey, want me to take over?”

Her eyes flicked to him, then back to the screen. “Naw, I got this,” she said.

Can’t say I didn’t offer.

And then, not too long later, she got it after all. She breathed out, a long shuddering exhale, and set the controller down. She wedged a hand between her legs and stood up. But not all the way up—she stayed a little hunched over. Half-crouched like that, she ran from the room.

The bathroom was right next door, but apparently someone was in there. Parker heard Zephyr whimper, heard her bare feet running across the carpet, heard her charging up the stairs.

Parker ran over all this in his head. Memorizing. Saving for later. Especially her bitten lip, and the whimper, the heel-sitting—and the determined, oddly sexy “I got this…”

*002*2019-01-04 05:54

Saturday, November 12th, 2005

11:44am

“Wait, you’re applying where?”

“Stanford, UCLA, and the University of Washington.”

“Uh. Wow.”

“Yeah,” Meagan said. “Stanford’s a long shot. But you’d be surprised how many people have respect for our college, y’know? Grad schools have been sitting up and taking notice…”

“Stanford’s a long shot, but they’re all a long shot in terms of geography.”

“I know. But I’m going after every good school I can.” She looked at him. “You know why. I need every edge I can get. Those schools can get me set up with internships, established clinics, the works. Everything I need to get started. And since I’ve got nothing else in my corner…”

“I get it. But—if you get in—what happens to us?”

She sighed. “Yeah. I know.”

“That… doesn’t help much, hon.”

“I applied to Michigan and Urbana-Champaign, too. We could maybe make it work if I went to one of those.”

“And if you got into Stanford, would you go to Urbana-Champaign?”

She sighed. “Would you?”

“Hell no.”

“I’m sorry, love…”

“Yeah. I said last year, I wanted to support you no matter what. Well, I still want that. Do what you need to do.”

“Thank you for saying that, hon.” She went back to the latest application, then turned around in her seat to look at him again, hand on the back of her chair. “Hey.”

“What?”

“You okay?”

“I guess so.”

“I mean, I just said—”

“I know what you said.”

“Sorry.”

“Hey, if you dump me for Stanford, I guess that’s still a compliment.”

“Parker…”

“It’s fine. We’ve always been a little fragile in this relationship.”

“Hey. Look at me.”

He didn’t look up.

She came over to him, held his face between her hands. “We’re not fragile at all. We’re strong.” And she kissed him.

He looked her in the eye. “Strong enough?”

She didn’t say anything.

He kissed her back.

They went back to work.

*005*2019-01-05 04:48

You ain't seen nothin' yet, @insomea

...

###

Saturday, November 15th, 2005

2:18am

Zephyr had to pee again. She was wearing shorts, her overlarge sweatshirt, a knit cap, and flip-flops, and they were wandering through the big empty hallways of the college, looking for an unlocked bathroom. Every time they thought they remembered where one was, it turned out to have been moved, or it was locked, or there was a line out the door.

Zephyr was bouncing desperately, hand squeezed between her legs, biting her lip. Her sweatshirt was sliding off her shoulder, which was bare.

“Hey, there’s no one in this hallway,” Parker said. “Just pee.”

“I can’t,” she said.

“Nobody will see you.”

“I can’t.”

“We could go outside.”

“I can’t.”

“Why not?”

She unzipped her sweatshirt. “I’m wearing my bathing suit underneath,” she said, showing the one-piece. “I’d have to take off all my clothes.”

“Let’s just go in the men’s room. I’ll protect you.”

She smiled. “My hero.”

They went in.

“Problem with the men’s room: no stalls,” Parker said. “And no toilets. Just a urinal.”

“I can’t pee here!”

“Sure you can. Just put your butt up to it.”

Zephyr reluctantly began to unzip her shorts…

Parker woke up hard, aching hard. The ache was what told him that it hadn’t been a wet dream, somewhat to his amazement. But it was close; he felt like if he touched himself at all, he’d come right then.

His hard-on was wedged up against Meagan’s butt, and his hand was on her boob. Since she wore a t-shirt to bed these cold autumn nights, that meant he must have slid his hand up her shirt while he was entirely asleep. Sleep-fondling. Shit.

He disentangled himself, got out of bed, tried to think. He had to pee, and that decided it. He eased the door open. The light was off in the hallway and the coast was clear, which he was grateful for: there was no hiding this erection. He took the few short steps to the bathroom on bare feet. He didn’t bother turning on the light; there was enough of a glimmer coming from the window for him to see what he needed. He lifted up the lid and took himself in hand.

But what to think about?

The dream?

Zephyr, desperate and gaming?

Meagan?

He picked Meagan, but Meagan in a way he’d never seen: out on the football field like he’d wanted and like she’d refused, naked in the darkness, squatting on the 50-yard line. And then he stepped up behind her, pushed her to her knees, and slipped into her from behind…

It didn’t take long, and after he came he could pee, and then he went back to their room.

He didn’t go straight to bed. Instead he went to the window and drew back the curtain a bit. The brilliant white light of a autumn full moon shone in. He turned. The light was falling on Meagan in bed. Her shirt was still hiked up, as he’d left it. Her hair was a mess. Her cheek was squished against the pillow. She looked beautiful.

He let the curtain drop so the light would not wake her, and slipped into bed as quietly as he could.

*007*2019-01-05 05:27

One more tonight, since it's quick.

###

Monday, November 21st, 2005

10:07am

There was a teenager in the hallway.

Franklin House was far more full than might have been expected on the Monday of Thanksgiving break. Zach and Cara had gone home, as had Mitchell and Val. But Miranda’s family had come to visit, and somehow her parents, her sister, and her little brother had all squeezed into Miranda’s room. Mitchell’s room—a truly tiny single—had been filled up with suitcases. Downstairs, Zach and Cara’s empty room was now occupied (with their blessing) by Lucy’s mom, who had also come to visit. And Trav’s family was apparently on the way. Where they were going to end up, Parker couldn’t imagine.

But what was in no way surprising was that the lines for the bathroom had gotten bigger still. Right this moment it seemed Zephyr was, for once, causing the back-up rather than suffering from it, as she was in the shower. Miranda’s brother and sister had flipped a coin for the remaining available bathroom, and the sister had lost. Which was why Parker had closed the door. To give her some privacy. And to hide.

Meagan had slept in, so now she was gearing up for her workout.

“All the bathrooms seem occupied,” Parker said.

“Not a problem for me,” she said. “I’ll just pee at the gym.” She bopped him on the nose. “Maybe before my workout… maybe after. And you can go right ahead and imagine that.”

He sighed.

“Sorry, I shouldn’t tease you.”

“I’m just saying, we can totally have sex quietly if we need to.”

“If we need to, we will,” she said. “But right now I gotta go—to the gym. Get your mind out of the gutter, boy.”

“It’s not my fault! You put it there…!”

*009*2019-01-06 21:28

A couple more "moments" to go, folks, then it's on to the next story (once that one's finished...)

###

Thursday, November 24th, 2005

4:58pm

Thanksgiving Dinner

The upside to having a house full of other people’s family: the family was cooking. Miranda’s family may not have been from the south, but they still knew what to do with collard greens and cornbread. And barbecue. And turkey. And homemade cranberry sauce. And sweet potatoes roasted almost to cream. And brie and crackers for an appetizer, with a dinner of fish following. And wine. And beer, though not at the same meal as the wine. And there was a rumor about apple cobbler after.

But with the beer came questions…

“So what comes next?” Miranda’s father asked. “Graduate school?”

“Yeah,” Meagan said. “I’m mostly thinking setting up as a therapist…”

“So, a master’s in clinical psych,” he said, musing aloud in a voice which made Parker think of James Earl Jones, “but probably not a PhD.—no need for that, at least right away, not for private practice.” Miranda’s father was a farmer—a farmer with rather a lot of life experience, including stints in both the army and academia. (“And well out of both,” he’d added.) “What school are you thinking of?”

“Whichever will take me.”

“Assume for the moment, Miss Meagan,” the gentleman farmer said “that you are getting an excellent college education, that you are a capable scholar, and that therefore you have more than one option. In that case—which?”

“Whichever’s best—and has the best scholarship.”

He chuckled—rumbled, really. “Very wise. Very wise.” He turned to Parker. “And you, sir! What are your plans?”

“I’m not really sure,” Parker said, fighting down the panic attack. “I’m pretty into film production,”

“Thinking to direct?”

“Nah, I’m more of a tech guy.”

“Ahhh. Cameraman? Editor? Gaffer? Best boy? All four?”

“Something like that,” Parker said, grinning and shrugging helplessly. “I don’t really know.”

“Well, you can always do what I did,” the big man said, “and try a little of everything. An approach I take in many aspects of my life,” he added, helping himself to more food…

That was just the most pleasant of the questions. These ones were less so:

Miranda’s younger sister: “How long have you been together?”

Her little brother, a moment later: “Are you gonna get married?” And then: “Why don’t you know?”

Travis’s mother: “Well, how about children?” And then: “Well, don’t wait too long!”

Even the more innocuous ones could take a dangerous turn. Miranda’s mother: “Miss Meagan, do you cook?”

“Not a lot,” Meagan admitted. “I leave that to Parker.”

“Oh, so he can cook, can he? Well, I’d say you’d better hold onto him, then! But you’d better learn a little yourself, Miss Meagan, so you can hold onto him. That’s how I landed Caleb, after all.”

“It was a little more than your cooking,” the man in question put in.

“Oh, you came for something else, all right—but you stayed because of what I made you for breakfast.”

“Ma, I don’t want to hear that!” Miranda protested, covering her ears.

“Maybe not, but if I were you, Randy, I’d be taking notes.”

By the time they finished the meal, Parker was definitely gloomy. Meagan pulled him down the hall for a moment. “What’s up?” she asked, softly.”

“Questions,” he said. “So many questions.”

“Yeah,” she said. “Right now asking me about the future is like saying, ‘Here, have a panic attack!’”

He grinned ruefully. “Sounds about right. You and me both,” he added. Both together, yes? he thought in her direction, willing her to say something.

She hugged him a long moment—and didn’t say anything.

*011*2019-01-07 04:36

7:33pm

After dinner

The downside to having a house full of other people’s family: lines for the bathroom.

At first it had just been that the downstairs bathroom was in fairly regular use. Then after short lines had begun forming, the house residents had taken to going upstairs. But when some parent or other took up occupation in the downstairs bathroom for an extended period after dinner, the lines really began to form.

Meagan and Parker were once again at the back of the line—which once again extended right down the hall and then down the stairs. At this point Parker couldn’t even see the bathroom doors, and didn’t know who was ahead of him. The first person he could see and recognize (unlike various relatives) was Dacy, who had her arms crossed but was showing no other sign of need. Behind her was Lucy, who looked a bit more worried, and then Lucy’s mom Darlene. And then, right on the step ahead of Parker, was Zephyr. She wasn’t doing her usual grab-her-crotch-to-grab-attention routine. But she was clearly desperate, with her legs crossed… and she was well back in line. Meagan, with her usual poise, seemed entirely untroubled.

In the presence of so many people they didn’t know, the housemates were not quite their usual talkative selves. Darlene was talking with Lucy and Dacy, making no reference to the long line. Nobody else was saying anything—not out loud, anyway. Body language was speaking a little more clearly.

The bathroom door opened, and Miranda’s mother slipped past the line to get down the stairs. “My goodness,” she said as she turned the corner and saw how far back the line had gone. “I’m glad I went when I did!”

Next down the steps came another relative Parker didn’t recognize; then Randy came out, and the line moved up a little. Now Parker could see that Travis and Miranda’s brother Ezekiel were ahead of Dacy, and at the head of the line.

Next out was Travis’ brother, who emerged shaking his head and saying, “Whew, I would not go in there for a minute.” Trav stepped in and immediately stepped back out, holding his nose and saying, “Wow, bro…” He swung the door back and forth as a big fan for a minute, then took a deep breath and closed the door. He was back out a minute later and hollered after his now-vanishing brother, “Seriously, bro?”

“What?”

“You clogged the toilet and just left it?”

Unrepentant laughter floated up the stairs. Travis bit off a swearword.

“Where’s your plunger?” Darlene asked, entirely practical.

“In there,” Travis said, pointing to the other bathroom door—which naturally was closed. It took a few minutes before another unknown relative stepped out and Travis could grab the plunger.

“Sorry about this, folks, I’ll get this open as quick as I can,” Trav said, and closed the door behind him.

This meant Ezekiel got to use the other open room—and Dacy, Lucy, Darlene, and Zephyr all began to show some signs of tension.

Zepyhr was by far the worst. She was still much more quiet than usual, but she went from legs-crossed to legs-crossed-and-bent over-and-bouncing-a-little. As usual she was not wearing a bra. Despite being so small-breasted, her nipples were obviously poking through her t-shirt.

Parker was, as usual, a mass of turmoil in the presence of a desperate Zephyr. His guilt over his fantasies came on hard; but so did his arousal. He looked back at Meagan instead—who was standing quite calmly, quite clearly not desperate. She gave him a knowing look.

Now Parker was desperate himself—desperate to get out of the situation entirely. He leaned close to Meagan—first to kiss her, then to whisper in her ear, “Jar?”

She shook her head.

He gestured, subtly, at the line head of them, with a questioning look in his eyes.

She shook her head again, and whispered in his ear, “Questions.”

It took him a moment, since that word put him back in the earlier conversations about future plans. But then it made sense. True, what would people think if he and Meagan stepped into their room for a few minutes, then came back out and went downstairs, without going to the bathroom? What kind of cover story could they come up with.

Zephyr interrupted this line of thinking with a whimper. Everyone turned to look at her.

Ezekiel had been in the bathroom quite some time now, and Trav had yet to reappear and report the other toilet available. Zephyr was clearly once again in serious trouble thanks to that small bladder. Her legs were double-crossed now, and though she wasn’t grabbing herself, she clearly wanted to—every now and then her hand would start to move toward her crotch, but she’d pull it away again before it got too obvious what she was doing. Instead her fists were clenched tightly, and she was bouncing more dramatically now.

“Oooh, sweetie,” said Darlene, “you look like you really gotta go!”

Zephyr nodded. “I’ve got a bladder like a peanut,” she said—again without that little-girl vibe she often put on. “I didn’t think the line would be so long.”

“I don’t think any of us did,” Darlene said. “Here, go ahead of me, hon.”

“You can go ahead of me, too, Zeph,” Lucy said—although she looked like she regretted making the offer.

“Hey, Zeph,” Dacy said, “when Ezekiel gets out, why don’t we go in together?”

“Can I just go ahead of you?”

“Well, I really need to go, too,” Dacy answered, “so I’d rather not.”

“So where could I go even if I did go in with you?” Zephyr asked, impatiently.

“That’s what bathtubs are for, hon,” Dacy said. “Sometimes, at least.”

Several eyes looked to see how the parent in this conversation handled that idea, but Darlene was a farm mother. She said, “And if you don’t like the bathtub idea, there’s always the sink.”

Zephyr shook her head.

Just then Ezekiel stepped out. Dacy paused in the doorway—legs crossed under her dress—and turned back to Zephyr again. “Come on, Zeph.”

“I can’t.”

“I don’t mind at all.”

“I do!”

“Really? You’re shy?” Dacy asked, incredulous.

Zephyr was now blushing beet-red—and wiggling like crazy.

“Okay, then!” Dacy said, and closed the door behind her.

“You should still go ahead of us, hon,” Darlene said, and after only a moment’s more cajoling, Zephyr was persuaded to do so.

Dacy was out quickly, and Zephyr went in. By now Parker was nearly to the bathroom himself—and the loud hiss and splatter of Zephyr’s pee was quite audible in the hall. Lucy winced when she heard it.

“I don’t know about you, hon, but at this point I think sharing is a good idea,” Darlene said to her daughter.

Lucy gave a little nod—and when Zephyr came out (still blushing but looking vastly relieved) Lucy stepped in and held the door for her mother. “Which of us gets the tub?” she asked.

“Well, I’m a little creaky in the knees these days, dear…” Darlene said as the door closed on them. But through the door it was still easy to hear her finish her sentence: “…So if you don’t mind?”

“Sure,” Lucy said shortly—and a few moments later Parker could hear not one but two streams quite plainly, one rather louder than the other as it hit the porcelain of the bathtub, followed by a sigh from one of the two women.

When both Lucy and Darlene emerged, Parker stepped for the bathroom himself. His bladder was full—not so full that he was really desperate, but plenty full enough to be glad of getting his turn at last. Meagan grabbed him by the arm, however, and followed him straight in.

Mindful that whatever he said would be heard by anyone outside, he just gave her a very questioning look. She whispered in his ear, “For you, hon,” and gave him a kiss. Then she dropped her pants and panties and sat down on the toilet. She lowered her clothes all the way down to her ankles and opened her legs a little. She held out a hand to him, not letting a drop go. Since it was a fairly small bathroom, it only took him a step to be at her side. She undid his belt and the fly of his jeans, took his semi-hard penis in her fingers—gently, so as not to arouse him any more than he already was, and aimed it between her legs. “Whenever you’re ready,” she whispered.

It took him a moment, but his bladder knew what to do. He started peeing, and as soon as he did, Meagan let go as well.

*013*2019-01-09 03:01

The final "moment". The next story will be more unified.

###

Tuesday, November 29th, 2005

9:02pm

Zephyr had to pee again. She was being pretty vocal about it, too: “Ohmigod omigod, I can’t hold it, I can’t hold it, it’s coming out, I’m gonna—I’m gonna pee—”

“You can’t, not until you find the save point,” Parker said.

“Tell me where it is!”

Parker laughed, waving the map that came with the game. “It’s right here. Want me to tell you where it is? Then pay the price.”

“Tellmetellmetellme…”

“Pay up.”

“Fine,” she said, unzipping her big hoodie down the front with one hand and letting it fall open. She was bare-breasted underneath; her nipples hardened. Her other hand never left the game controls. “Why do you want to see my boobs so much, anyway? I’m topless half the time…”

“It’s not just that. It’s seeing you with your sweatshirt on and seeing your boobs; that’s hot. What’s even hotter is hearing you beg.”

“Parker, I promise I’ll do whatever you want, just show me the save point…”

“Whatever I want, huh? Well, what I want you to do is hold it for another ten minutes.”

“I can’t…!”

Parker was spinning this fantasy in his head and hating himself for it. But he kept it going. He’d already decided how he was going to make Fantasy-Zephyr pee (in a cup he held for her while she had to keep playing). He was getting pretty close; when he came, he’d let Fantasy-Zephyr pee at last.

The door was flung wide and Meagan entered dramatically, one arm flung out to the doorframe, the other cocky on her hip. “Done! I am, completely, totally, one hundred percent—what are you…”

She slammed one hand into her mouth, slammed the door behind her, and buckled over laughing.

“I didn’t think you would be home so soon…” Parker said, jumping off the bed and turning his back.

“Obviously!” she managed to gasp. She was on her knees now.

“Is it really that funny?” Parker said. He’d pulled up his sweatpants, but since he was still pretty erect, this was doing less than it might have for his modesty.

“I guess when you’ve been working like I have, anything is,” Meagan managed to say, between gasps. She had her hand on her crotch. “Oh, god, I’m gonna piss myself!”

“Wait, what?”

“That can happen to a girl, you know,” she said. Her guffaws were finally subsiding. “Would you like that?” she said, looking up at him.

“I never thought about getting you desperate by making you laugh.”

“Honestly, it’s only because I need to go a bit as is,” she said. “But let me tell you, lover, you’re funny enough when you’re on your game—by this point in the relationship, if you were dating anyone but me, you would have made her piss her pants laughing at some point.”

“Thanks?”

“You’re totally welcome.” She shook her head, as if trying to clear the last of the giggle fit, and got to her feet. “Anyway. As I was saying, I am completely, totally, one-hundred-percent done with grad school applications. Sent one off today with a whole three days to spare, then went ahead and powered through the last two even if I had a little more time. So that’s done and I don’t need to think about it at any more! And I am in the mood to celebrate.”

“What did you have in mind?”

“Well, my original plan was to take us out for ice cream. But suddenly, somehow,” she said, stepping close to him and letting her fingers trail down his naked chest, “I have a different idea.”

“Oh?”

“Like I said, I need to pee a bit. And I don’t think I’m up for a long drawn-out thing, so I can’t really get as desperate as you like—but would you like to fuck me while I’m holding?”

“God yes.”

“I thought you might.” She traced his extremely-visible erection with her fingers. “I know we haven’t done this nearly often enough lately.”

“Yeah, a bit.”

“That’s why you’ve been jacking off, huh?”

He blushed.

“Not just tonight. I was pretty sure you’d been getting yourself off for a while now. I understand completely, and I’m not mad or anything. It’s not like I’m jealous of your right hand. But tonight—we can do better, eh?”

“Please.”

“Of course.” She stripped off her sweatshirt. “You’ve got a head start; I’ll need a while to warm up. But that means I’ll just need to go even more when you get me there, huh?”

Twenty minutes later, she was naked and bent over the bed, resting her weight on one arm and guiding her vibrator with her other hand. “I think I’m ready if you are,” she said, turning her head a little even if she couldn’t see him.

“How much do you need to pee?”

“Oh, I gotta go for sure. I’d have gone already—if I didn’t want you in me first. So come on in, lover. But gently, please?”

“Of course,” he said, adding a little more lube.

“Mmmmmmmmm,” she said as he slid in. “That feels so darn good.”

“And you’re so tight…”

“’Cause I’m so strong.” She gave him a squeeze.

“Ah!”

“Like that? Keep going, hon…”

It did not take him long. “I’m close,” he said after just a few minutes. “Should I…?”

“You go right ahead,” she told him. “I was gonna have to finish with the vibe anyway. Go ahead and come in me. I got you. I got all of you.”

And she did.

When he finished, he slipped out of her quickly. “Can you turn over?” he asked. “I wanna see you.”

She turned over, vibe still going, and smiled lazily up at him.

“There’s that grin,” he said. He went down to his knees and gently pulled the vibrator away.

“Oh my,” she said. “I haven’t cleaned up down there at all, you know.”

“Don’t care.”

“I mean, your cum’s gonna be dribbling out of me…”

“Always wondered how it tasted. Just lie back.”

“Holy fuck, I love you…”

“Well then,” he said, pausing briefly to speak, “I guess that goes both ways.”

