Charlie555 stories - Page 2

Author: wether

*000*2025-05-08 05:13

Another great story! It sounds so good when a girl says that she is needing to wee.

*001*2025-05-08 05:16

{{2 minutes ago, MikeB said:

Another great story! It sounds so good when a girl says that she is needing to wee.

}}

Yeah, I love it too. Particularly when she says she won't hold it much longer...

*003*2025-05-09 02:32

This story contains desperation and peeing. Masturbation is in the hididen part.

June 2007

The Photographer Under Bezděz

Climbing up to Bezděz in that heat was tough. Lucky for me, I had a stunning view: two delightful 30-something female backsides swaying in front of me. 🙂 I focused on their seductive movements and wondered what it might be like if… I reached the castle, admired the beautiful chapel, watched an odd performance of amateur knight duels, soaked in the view of Mácha’s region, and prepared to head back down. And there, ahead of me, were those gorgeous backsides again.

One of the women was a passionate photographer. Every so often, she stopped, searched for the perfect angle, and snapped photos. My ears perked up when I heard:

– Stop it, I need to pee, we have to hurry down.

My pulse quickened, and I watched the backsides even more closely. At the point where the path to the castle joined a wider forest trail, the women veered off. I briefly scolded myself about good manners, but curiosity and excitement won out. I followed them.

They left the path and headed into the forest. I kept a safe distance, but their intriguing conversation didn’t escape me.

– I’m going to take pictures of you doing it.

– You’re completely crazy, put that away, I have to go now.

– I’m not putting it away. Go ahead, Alenka, pee.

– I won’t until you put it away.

The photographer was clearly enjoying herself. Her friend stood with her leggings pulled down, hand between her legs, but her panties still on. It was an arousing sight. I had to slip my hand into my pants—it was such a captivating view…

But that moment couldn’t last forever, so I feverishly thought about what I could do to get closer to them. Luck helped me out. On the ground, I spotted a lens cap the photographer had lost when she quickly pulled out her camera to snap her friend. I stepped toward them. At that moment, they saw me. Alenka hurriedly pulled up her leggings and started to leave.

– Good afternoon, I’m so sorry, but I found a lens cap on the path. Did you lose it?

The photographer quickly checked her gear.

– Oh, look at that, thank you.

– If I may be so bold, that’s a nice camera. But in this light, you probably won’t get much from those plants, right?

The photographer smiled.

– I wasn’t trying to shoot plants. More like my friend.

I raised an eyebrow.

– In this light?

– Light or no light, when nature calls, you have to go, she laughed.

Her friend blushed. Clearly, the photographer wasn’t giving up easily, and it seemed I’d stumbled right into her game. I’d play along.

– Hmm… you’re probably right. If I understand correctly, your detour here was, shall we say, ehm… necessary?

The photographer put away her camera, laughed, nodded, and stepped toward Alenka. She touched her backside and said:

– Alenka needed to pee, you know? And I must say, I do too now.

I stood there, stunned. Even Alenka, equally frozen, could only nervously cross her legs as she watched the photographer pull down her panties and start peeing, provocatively glancing first at me, then at Alenka.

– Honestly, Jana…, Alenka managed her first words.

– You’re not going to? You don’t want it to end like last time, you know, Jana replied.

I wondered what I’d do in Alenka’s place after such a conversation. The urge to pee would probably vanish. Apparently, it did for Alenka too. She pulled herself together and quickly walked back to the path, heading toward the village. Jana and I followed her. After what I’d heard, I struggled to find words, so I was glad Jana hadn’t lost her talkativeness. With the same openness, she admitted that peeing in front of someone didn’t bother her at all—in fact, quite the opposite.

The women were rushing to catch a bus, so I offered to drive them. I sensed there might still be a chance for more thrilling moments. Jana accepted my offer and convinced Alenka, whom we’d caught up with by then. Though I was more interested in Alenka because of her peeing, Jana sat next to me. With every second, I became more convinced of what a character she was. She talked almost nonstop, mostly about erotica and sex. Eventually, her hand landed on my thigh, creeping closer and closer to my crotch…

I spotted the nearest turnoff into the forest and stopped there. Alenka was the first to get out, and it was clear this time she wouldn’t care if anyone watched her pee. But Jana jumped out after her. Somewhat taken aback, I watched as Jana stopped her and whispered something. Jana’s hand moved between Alenka’s legs. The women pressed against each other. Alenka resisted for a moment, but her resistance weakened. I approached them. By then, we were in a clearing.

Jana pulled down Alenka’s leggings, stroking her backside and between her legs.

– You’re so wonderfully wet, Alenka, have you already peed yourself?

She didn’t even wait for an answer.

– I want to see you pee, please, but through your panties.

– Jana, don’t be crazy, I can’t…

Jana’s fingers played with Alenka’s lap.

– I can’t hold it anymore…, Alenka whispered, desperately crossing her legs.

Spoiler

Jana slipped her other hand under her own panties, and I wasn’t holding back either—my penis was in my hand, stroking it as I stared, mesmerized, at the scene. Slowly and cautiously, Alenka tried to pull down her panties, but in the moment she had to part her legs, I saw a trickle break through her panties and slide down her left leg. Jana masturbated even more passionately, and when Alenka finally managed to pull down her panties, she no longer resisted as Jana stroked her while she peed. Jana’s orgasm was explosive. Alenka might not have reached a full climax, but it seemed to me that, in the end, she didn’t mind Jana’s actions too much. Watching those two seductive women, I exploded into the moss.

We collapsed next to each other, and even then, Jana didn’t lose her voice. She enthusiastically described how much peeing “gets her,” how she loves talking about it, watching it…

Truly, there should be more women like her. 🙂

*004*2025-05-10 03:13

Here's deperation, wetting and some sexual activity

July 2007

Real Estate Agent

I was searching for a suitable house. I checked out a few offers and settled on one that appealed to me both for its location and layout. I met the real estate agent at the house. At first glance, both the house and the agent caught my attention—she was an attractive woman, about 35, wearing a stylish pant suit and a pleasant smile. But I was there for the house. She first told me about it, then I explored it on my own, examining and verifying the features that interested me. I couldn’t shake the feeling that something was off with the agent; I sensed nervousness from her… I said I’d go downstairs to check a few things and take some measurements. 

As I started descending the stairs, I heard the rapid clack of her heels. She was heading to the bathroom. So that’s it! I quickly turned back and, on my way, called out to ask if she could show me how to open the tricky balcony door. I probably caught her in the middle of undressing—she hadn’t had time to do what she came to the bathroom for… She hurriedly adjusted herself and, with a noticeable blush on her face, headed toward the door.

As she bent down to unlock the latch at the base of the door, I got so close I could almost embrace her from behind. She slowly straightened up. I grabbed her hips, and my hand rested on her backside. I couldn’t resist. I slowly slipped my hand between her legs and pulled her close to me. She didn’t utter a word of protest. I stroked her between her legs…

– I’m sorry, I need to step away, I can’t hold it anymore.

I ignored her plea and kept stroking.

– Please, don’t be upset, but I’m going to pee myself in a moment.

Even that didn’t soften me. Meanwhile, I managed to unbutton her pants. I pulled them down to mid-thigh. She was wearing adorable white panties underneath.

– I can’t hold it anymore…

She pressed her legs together, and her hand quickly darted between them.

– Oh no, she sobbed.

I placed my hand on her panties and felt them starting to get wet. I quickly slid my fingers underneath and began caressing her clitoris… within moments, I could feel her arousal growing. I kept caressing her, and she soon reached climax. In those moments, she didn’t even seem to mind that she was peeing on the freshly laid floating floor… In fact, I had the feeling she enjoyed it all the more for it.

*006*2025-05-11 03:22

This story contains desperation peeing and sexual activity (in the hidden part)

October 2007

Evening in the Park

Work dragged on late, which wasn’t unusual in recent months, so I was left with just the night tram. I boarded it, nearly empty, already looking forward to bed. At one of the stops, two English-speaking foreigners, around 30 years old, got on. They looked great and were in high spirits—not overly so, not in a way that makes you want to look away, just the right amount. 🙂 They weren’t too loud, but it was impossible not to overhear words like “piss” and “desperate.” Nor could I miss their tense postures on the tram seats. I sat in the row next to them, with a good view of how their hands occasionally darted to their laps. The tension in me grew, and I eagerly awaited what would happen next… I was worried I’d have to get off before them, but luck was on my side—we got off at the same stop.

They hurried. They headed into a small park separating the road from a residential area. They occasionally glanced back, and just before the park’s exit, they stopped, probably waiting for me to pass. The thought of watching them shift and squirm spurred me to use a phone trick. I pulled it out and pretended to talk into it, stopping to keep an eye on them. This confirmed they were indeed waiting for me to pass so they could pee.

The atmosphere was heightened by the fact that we were alone in the park at a pleasantly warm midnight—not even the usual dog walkers were around. One of them no longer hid her need, occasionally grabbing between her legs, while the other paced back and forth.

I couldn’t prolong this highly arousing scene any further—either strike up a conversation or leave… So, I gathered my courage and, somewhat clumsily, asked if they were looking for something, if I could help. One of the women burst into laughter; the other replied, thanking me and saying they didn’t need anything. I didn’t give up. I said it seemed dangerous for such charming women to be alone in the park at night and that I’d be happy to escort them home. That caught them off guard. They exchanged glances, and one nodded. The other, visibly reluctant, went along.

Seizing on their surprise, their cheerful mood, and aware of a rare opportunity, I slipped between them, put my arms around their hips, and we set off. My hands didn’t idle. At first, they rested on their backsides, then began wandering forward and backward.

Sensing the delicate balance might tip and they could break free, I decided to go for it. I leaned toward one and asked:

– Do you also need to pee so badly?

My hand slid between her legs from behind. I felt an arousing dampness. Her panties might not have been entirely dry anymore…

She answered shortly, “Yes.” I leaned in again and whispered:

– Let’s go pee behind those trees.

I quickly scanned for a spot that wasn’t completely dark and led both women there. Meanwhile, I went further with the second woman, trying to slip my hand between her thighs. She protested a bit but didn’t break free from my embrace.

When we reached the bushes, we stood there awkwardly for a moment. Then I approached one of them, grabbed her hips, stood behind her, and began unbuttoning her pants. Both were apparently so shocked that they didn’t respond or resist. I gradually pulled down her pants. When they were at her knees, I started stroking her panties. They were indeed wet—she’d definitely peed a little by then. I pulled down her panties too and lifted her by the thighs. I hoisted her like a little girl (my back paid for that!) and told her to pee. After a moment, a powerful stream gushed out.

I watched the other woman as this happened. She stood facing her friend, legs crossed, staring in fascination at the strange scene.

When the first one finished peeing, I carefully slipped her wet panties back on but couldn’t resist stroking them.

– Now you, I said to the second woman, who had only been watching so far.

I went to her and started doing the same thing. She wasn’t as passive as her friend. She helped with pulling down her pants, and before I could take off her panties, she turned to face me. She began unbuttoning my pants, pulling them down to mid-thigh. I pressed her against me and started stroking her panties. They were still dry. I dared to slip my hand underneath. Her clitoris was wet and practically begging to be caressed.

Spoiler

I glanced at her friend. At first, she stood at a distance, just watching. Then she came closer and pressed herself against her friend from behind. Her hands began meeting mine at the second woman’s panties. Our fingers intertwined as we caressed her clitoris together. The undressed woman, meanwhile, pulled my penis out of my underwear. My briefs were already damp with desire, and my penis was practically erect. At first, she stroked it hesitantly. Then she turned her back to me and pulled down her own panties. She pulled her dressed friend closer and began caressing her breasts.

I didn’t pass up the offered intimacy and moved my penis closer. I paused at the entrance, circling around, teasing her clitoris, and then briefly entering for a second. And again, over and over…

The women caressed each other, and I played with one’s intimacy with my penis. Her arousal escalated quickly. She thrust harder, and soon the first muffled cries rang out. Among them, she exclaimed, “I’m peeing”… and when her orgasmic spasm hit, her panties and pants were almost completely soaked. Just before my climax, I pulled out and shot my load into the leaves in the bushes.

“Sir, wake up, we’re at the final stop!”

*007*2025-05-12 03:06

This story contains desperation, peeing and sexual activity

January 2008

The Office

The offices were being renovated. Well, actually, only the bathroom was still under construction. It was dragging on a bit, but we had to keep working regardless. It was somewhat awkward having to tell guests there was nowhere to use the restroom. But it didn’t only have negative consequences. 🙂

That morning, a man and a woman arrived. I was a bit apprehensive about the meeting since it was scheduled to last all day, as we needed to discuss numerous details of a major project. About an hour in, the man got a phone call and had to leave. I was left alone in the office with a long-haired woman in her forties. I caught myself several times focusing more on her figure than on the meeting. She was wearing a stylish light ochre pant suit, the trousers beautifully hugging her lovely small backside… I couldn’t help but imagine what it would be like if…

We progressed point by point in a constructive dialogue, sipping coffee and mineral water. Over time, I started noticing a certain restlessness in my companion. The reason was clear—I myself was feeling the urge to pee. When we were about halfway through the agenda, I moved to the computer to look up some information. She came over to me. Out of the corner of my eye, I watched as she intently stared at the monitor while standing with her legs pressed together. Her tension was evident in her voice too. She bent one leg and shifted slightly, crossing her legs. After a moment, she uncrossed them and repeated this about three times. We found what we needed, so I stood up to return to the conference table.

At that moment, she quietly asked if she could step out. I looked into her eyes. I saw embarrassment and shame. How much effort it must have taken her to say that sentence. And yet, her restlessness had been unmistakable for at least half an hour.

– I’m very sorry, but we’re currently under difficult conditions. The restrooms are being renovated, so we can’t offer them even to visitors. We go to the nearby shopping mall ourselves. However, it’s pouring rain right now, so I trust you can hold it until the end of the meeting.

My words sounded more like a command than an explanation, but something told me I shouldn’t let this opportunity slip through my fingers.

– I understand. I’m afraid, though, that I’ll have to go to that mall very soon.

She sat back down, and we continued discussing the next points. When she shifted in her seat for the second time and started nervously playing with her hair, I looked at her again. Long and deliberate, so she had to meet my gaze. Her eyes showed confusion.

– Can you still hold it?

She blushed.

– I hope so, let’s continue quickly, she managed to say with difficulty.

I poured myself another glass of mineral water, even though my own need had reached a point where, under normal circumstances, I’d have gone to pee. She pulled her hand off the table and subtly tried to slip it between her thighs. I looked at her again.

– Come with me.

I couldn’t keep watching her struggle, and I was also very eager to see how it would all play out.

I led her to the bathroom. The workers were gone, and we stepped over remnants of old tiles, a bag of cement, and scattered tools. The toilet was in place but not functional.

– Well, that’s a problem.

I hadn’t expected this—it was still in place yesterday.

She was desperate. She crossed her legs, pressed her hand into her crotch, and nearly started sobbing.

– I’m sorry, but I’m going to pee myself. I can’t hold it anymore.

– Well, if you don’t mind a bit of discomfort, I have a solution. Come with me.

I led her to the bathtub, which, thankfully, was intact.

– I’ll hold you, I offered.

She looked at me, confused, but she must have had nowhere left to turn, so she didn’t resist much when I grabbed her hips and slowly started pulling down her trousers. I pressed her against me and slipped my hand between her legs, brushing her panties. They were noticeably wet in one spot. No doubt she’d already peed a little on the way to the bathroom.

I quickly pulled down her panties and helped her sit on the edge of the bathtub. I didn’t even need to prompt her to start peeing. A powerful stream immediately gushed into the tub.

I looked at her face. She avoided my gaze but eventually met it. I held her hands to keep her from falling backward. She peed for a long time, giving me the chance—without breaking eye contact—to continue the plan I’d devised.

I let go of one of her hands and, with my free fingers, moved along her thighs to her backside. I slid my hand under and toward her lap. She was still peeing. I quickly found her clitoris and began caressing it. She didn’t resist. Perhaps quite the opposite.

When she finished peeing, she stood up and pressed herself against me. I continued caressing her clitoris, and she started unbuttoning my trousers. Then she turned her back to me and bent over the edge of the bathtub. She clearly wanted it, and I couldn’t resist.

*008*2025-05-13 02:08

This story contains desperation (on a ladder) and some sexual woman-to-woman activity. One of my favourites!

March 2008

On the Ladder

My colleagues were rearranging documents on the top shelf of the library when suddenly the shelf wobbled, nearly falling and almost taking the others with it.

– We’ll need to get a drill. Hold it, Jana, I’m going to ask downstairs. And you, Petra, keep an eye on it! Jana, hold it with both hands, don’t step away, or we’ll be sorting this for a week! I said, rushing downstairs.

When I returned to the adjacent room, equipped with the right tools, I overheard an intriguing conversation. I stopped and listened with interest.

– Petra, I need to pee. It’s unbearable. Please, take my place.

– I can’t. I’m shorter, I wouldn’t reach. Hold on, he’ll be back soon.

– If only I could free at least one hand…

You can probably imagine what this did to me. I approached the door and watched the adorable scene. Jana was standing on a ladder, arms raised above her head, holding the nearly falling documents in a slightly open, wobbling cabinet that was just about to collapse. One leg was bent, and her backside in light ochre trousers swayed seductively every now and then. Petra stood on the ground beside her, steadying the ladder.

– I’m going to let go…

– Don’t, we’ll be sorting this for days.

– That’s not what I mean. Please, help me. I can’t press my legs together, and I won’t last much longer. Can you put your hand there?

– What?! Between your legs?

– Don’t you put your hand there?

– Yeah, sometimes… but you want me to put it there for you?

– Yes, please, or I’ll pee in a moment!

– Alright, if you say so.

Petra climbed three steps up the ladder, positioning herself in front of her colleague so that her pelvis was roughly at the level of Jana’s stomach. Hesitantly, she slid her right hand into Jana’s crotch.

– Good?

– Please, press harder. You know how, don’t you?

– You’re kind of wet. Could it be…?

– Well, what do you think…

Petra started laughing.

– Don’t laugh, or I’ll let go of both!

– I’m laughing because this is like a scene from a movie.

Holding onto the ladder with one hand, Petra had to press against Jana to stay balanced. She felt Jana’s stomach brushing against her nipples, which began responding to the periodic breathing movements. It started to feel pleasant—more than she ever would have thought. Her hand remained pressed between Jana’s legs. Since Jana couldn’t fully close her legs without losing balance, Petra had easy access to her colleague’s lap. Growing bolder, she began moving her fingers. She glanced at Jana, who was initially surprised but said nothing and let Petra develop her next idea.

– You’ll pee standing up, what do you say to that?

– Are you crazy?! How would that work?

But Petra was already unbuttoning Jana’s trousers. She pulled them down to mid-thigh, revealing Jana’s light blue panties. She continued stroking her colleague’s lap…

How desperately I wanted to trade places with her… so close… to touch… to kiss those seductive panties, to feel them, to check them…

– It’s even visible now. You’ve got a wet spot, Petra laughed.

But it was clear Jana didn’t mind too much and perhaps even regretted that Petra briefly paused their intriguing game. Soon, though, Petra resumed stroking Jana’s panties. Jana’s backside began to move in sync with Petra’s fingers, meeting the now-confident caresses.

Then Petra pulled down Jana’s panties. I stared—speechless, my penis straining to the point of bursting—at Jana’s adorable backside. I barely avoided being seen by Petra. Or maybe she saw me and it was part of her script?

Petra brought her lips closer to her colleague’s lap.

– Petra, please, no, I really need to pee, don’t do that!

I debated when would be the right moment to join this game… I decided it was now.

– Well, ladies, I’ve finally got it… oh… am I interrupting?

A scream followed from Jana, who let go of the documents, quickly pulled up her panties, and in that moment, I caught a glimpse of the first trickle. The documents began spilling from the shelf—luckily, the cabinet didn’t fall with them, but it was enough for Jana to lose her balance. She collapsed onto Petra, who slipped and fell, with the half-dressed Jana landing on top of her. Neither was hurt; both quickly got up, and Jana hurriedly left the room. There was a wet streak on the back of her trousers…

– Enjoying yourself, boss?

– You’re a firecracker, Petra, you let this go pretty far.

– I’m enjoying it too, not just you…

*009*2025-05-14 03:15

This story contains desperation, wetting, peeing and sexual activity

January 2009

Colleague

I’d had a crush on my work colleague for a long time. So, I made sure I was the one to walk her home when our company party ended. We were in a great mood, the conversation flowed easily, and I grew bolder with each moment. She wasn’t shy about touching or holding onto me either, especially when the city bus jolted us on the way. I took advantage of our closeness, pressing her as close to me as possible. She was wearing a pant suit that accentuated her athletic figure perfectly. Occasionally, my hands wandered to her backside or rested on her thigh from the front. I wanted her to understand that I had clear intentions for the evening.

Even on the bus, I noticed she wasn’t standing still. She’d bend one leg now and then or shift her weight. Inside, I rejoiced, convinced she needed to pee.

We slowly made our way toward her place. Not wanting to lose the advantage from the bus, I suggested we sit for a moment on a bench in the park we were passing through. I pulled her close and had her sit on my lap, facing me. It felt like the right moment. She didn’t resist. My hands roamed over her backside, pulling her closer. Then I moved one hand to her thigh. It was impossible to miss how hard it was for her to sit still, straddling my lap. She shifted from side to side occasionally.

Finally, she leaned in and whispered, “I need to step away.” Her words electrified me. At that moment, I slid my hand between her legs. I felt a pleasant dampness. I looked into her eyes. She seemed a bit confused. I pulled her even closer but didn’t remove my hand from her lap. I just whispered, “I like it.” Her lap was indeed wet. I dared to go further: “Have you already peed?” At first, she hesitated, probably taken aback by my directness, but then she subtly nodded. “I need to pee. Let’s go to my place.”

The walk was still long, and I hoped the whole time that this wouldn’t be the end. Her nervousness was visibly growing. Finally, we reached her door. She started rummaging through her purse. She couldn’t find the key right away. She shifted her weight and crossed her legs. Her attempt to find the key continued unsuccessfully. She squatted down. I sat next to her and placed my hand between her legs. At that moment, I felt the wetness in her lap spread. I couldn’t get enough of the thrill of stroking the damp fabric of her trousers.

– I can’t hold it anymore, I’m going to completely pee myself…

She was getting desperate.

– Don’t worry about it, you’re so arousing.

Finally, she found the key. We went inside. She kicked off her shoes and hurried toward the bathroom. I followed her. When I entered, she was already sitting on the toilet, peeing. Her panties were pulled down, the wet spot unmistakable. How arousing! I knelt beside her and directed my hand to her lap. I caressed her wet clitoris, watching as she began to thoroughly enjoy it too… It was truly a very pleasant evening.

*011*2025-05-15 03:10

This story contains desperation and sexual activity

April 2009

In the Fitting Room

We went shopping with your friend to pick out some clothes for the spring season. After carefully selecting trousers and blouses, you both headed to the fitting rooms. I waited outside, hoping the swaying curtain would reveal at least a glimpse of your charms. All I could hear from behind it was the rustling of clothes. Your friend slightly pulled back her curtain and peeked behind yours. I clearly heard her whisper to you:

– I really need to pee, what should I do?

I could see her standing behind the curtain with her legs crossed, holding herself between them. I don’t know what that did to you, but a wave of excitement surged through me. You quickly moved from your fitting room to hers. How I wished I could be there with you both…

Luckily, you’re understanding, so you called me in to help carry the clothes. I squeezed into the fitting room with you. It was relatively spacious, but with three of us, it felt cramped. You stood there in just your panties, and your friend, clearly struggling, was trying to take off the tight trousers she’d been trying on. They were very snug, and she only had one hand free.

I couldn’t control myself and stroked your backside. We were so close that it was easy to press you against me and touch your thigh. Your friend was too preoccupied with her own troubles to notice my actions. You asked her if she could hold it and how badly she needed to go. She replied:

– It came out of nowhere. That coffee and mineral water. If I hadn’t grabbed myself, it would already be in these trousers I was trying on.

You started laughing. It was contagious, so I joined in.

– Don’t laugh, or I’ll pee myself!

You didn’t stop laughing; instead, you doubled over, grabbing your friend to keep from losing balance. I took advantage of the moment to touch your backside and slide my hand between your legs. I stroked your panties and pressed your backside against me.

Your friend couldn’t undress in your embrace.

– Please let me go and stop laughing, this is really serious.

– Wait, I’ll help you, you said as your laughing fit subsided, bending down to help her take off the trousers.

I saw how intently you watched her panties, trying to touch them. Finally, she was down to just her panties. She quickly squatted, holding herself between her legs, her face showing intense strain.

– Could you grab some tissues from my purse? I might have a pad in there too.

While you handed her the tissues, I caressed your lap. I think you were enjoying the situation—both your friend’s predicament and my caresses. You were savoring it. You squatted next to her and whispered:

– Wait, I’ll put it there myself.

She was still holding herself between her legs, trying to hold back her pee through her panties. You turned her to face away from you and began pulling down her panties. I watched your actions closely, catching a glimpse of a wet spot on her panties—likely from the initial surge of her need. You slipped a few tissues into her panties. I noticed how you tried to touch her backside and lap as much as possible while doing so.

I pulled down your panties too and caressed you now without any secrecy. With my free hand, I started undoing my trousers to free my penis, which was on the verge of exploding.

– Pee now, I’ll hand you more tissues, you urged your friend.

She was still trying to control her peeing, but it was clear it was with great effort. I squatted next to you and slowly began touching your lap with my penis from behind. I gently entered the edge of your vagina and started circling slightly. It was only then that your friend seemed to notice our activities. At that moment, you shed the last of your inhibitions and pressed your hand against her lap. The tissues were getting wet as she tried to release her pee in small amounts. I saw you start caressing her through the tissues. After a moment, you handed her another batch of tissues so she could release more. From her expression, it was clear she was enjoying your caresses.

And your moans confirmed that you were thoroughly enjoying it too…

*013*2025-05-16 03:15

This story contains again: desperation, peeing, and a bit of sexual activity.

June 2009

At the Basement

My colleague Jana asked me to take a look at her friend Barbora’s home computer—I occasionally double as a hardware/software repairman. And when it’s for a charming colleague, I have nothing against it. Quite the opposite. 🙂

After work, we set off to Barbora’s place. Jana is an attractive woman in her thirties, her athletic figure looking great in a well-fitted pant suit. But it’s not just that—she’s easy to talk to about almost anything, and her smile has already won over more than a few men. So, I didn’t mind at all that Barbora’s place was across Prague. Plus, when Jana spoke with her on the way, Barbora wasn’t home yet, so we stopped for coffee. All in all, a pleasant late afternoon.

We left the café and soon arrived at the apartment building where Barbora lives. She still wasn’t home, but we ran into her neighbor, who let us into the building. We decided to wait for Barbora right outside her apartment, as she was supposed to arrive any minute. We stood by her door when I noticed Jana starting to get nervous. She began pacing restlessly, and her smile was no longer as relaxed as before. Though I gleefully suspected the reason for this change, I asked her if something was wrong. She turned to me and quietly admitted that she needed to use the bathroom. She blamed her strict hydration routine, which I’d noticed earlier—she’d drunk nearly an entire bottle of mineral water on the tram.

– I’m sure Barbora will be here any second, I tried to comfort her, but inwardly, I hoped her friend would take as long as possible. It was thrilling. Jana paced in front of the door; there was nowhere to sit. I watched her intently, and she was losing her composure. It was clear the situation was becoming increasingly critical for her. To make matters worse, she found out Barbora was stuck in traffic, so there was no chance she’d arrive soon.

Jana squatted down in front of the door. I crouched next to her—partly to better hide my erection. She sat oddly, with her heel not pressed against her backside but directly in her lap. I tried to keep the conversation going as before, but it was obvious she wasn’t really listening, focused entirely on her predicament. I took her hands and said:

– Come on, let’s go down to the basement, you can pee there.

She was probably surprised by my bluntness and didn’t say anything. We got into the elevator and headed down. In the elevator, she stood with her legs crossed, avoiding my fascinated gaze. We reached the basement. I took her hand and led her toward the storage rooms. I wasn’t sure if we’d find a suitable spot or how we’d manage it, but my excitement was so intense that I knew I’d regret it later if I didn’t take charge of the situation.

We walked down a dimly lit corridor, searching for a nook where we could hide for a moment. About halfway through, we found a suitable alcove. It was almost dark, so Jana didn’t want me to stray too far. She handed me her purse to hold. Just then, footsteps echoed from the other end of the corridor. Jana was already starting to pull down her trousers, but she quickly yanked them back up. I pressed myself against her. It would’ve been hard to explain that she was about to pee there—better for the neighbors to think the dark corridor was a hideout for some romantic escapades.

I felt her body against mine, my hands wrapped around her backside. We waited quietly to see if the footsteps would finally fade. But they kept coming closer, then moving away, with no sign that the person was leaving the corridor.

Jana’s body writhed as she fought her pressing need. At one point, she whispered:

– I’m going to pee myself, I can’t hold it anymore.

I moved my hand from her backside to her lap. She already had her own hand there, gripping herself tightly. I tried to unzip her trousers and began pulling them down. Her trousers were at her knees when she shifted quickly and whispered desperately:

– I can’t hold it.

I boldly moved my hand to her panties, trying to slip under them from the top. After a moment, I succeeded. I could feel her panties were slightly wet—her earlier whimper was likely because she’d already peed a little. I pulled down her panties too. She still kept her hand in her lap. I gestured for her to squat. I sat behind her, placed my hand in her lap, and whispered:

– Pee.

Before I even finished, I felt a strong stream gush over my fingers. I caressed her clitoris and stroked her backside with my other hand. The extraordinary tension of the moment was heightened by our fear that the sound of her peeing might draw the attention of the person in the corridor. Jana peed for a long time. As I continued caressing her, I could sense her arousal growing. Her lap moved against my finger, and within a few dozen seconds, I heard muffled moans and then her climax.

The footsteps faded. Jana got dressed—her wet panties ended up in her purse—and we slowly prepared to leave. I pulled her close for a kiss. She didn’t resist. In the end, we left the building; after all that, we didn’t even think about visiting her friend. Maybe next time… and hopefully with a similar adventure. 🙂

*015*2025-05-16 12:42

{{1 hour ago, MikeB said:

I like it when a girl is needing to pee but doesn’t get a chance to go for a long period of time.

Than when she can no longer, she goes to a quiet place and just at the moment when she has already her panties down under her knees and she is already squatting, is someone coming. She has to leave with her over full bladder and has to wait longer.

}}

Another interesting scenario is "interrupted peeing" where she starts to pee, then someone is coming and she has to stop and wait, which can be more difficult than it was before she started...

*017*2025-05-16 15:45

{{1 hour ago, MikeB said:

It will be a strong sphincter necessary to cut a powerful, high pressure pee jet!

I think her panties can get easily a little bit wet when she can’t stop fast enough before she has to pull it up!?

}}

Definitely yes! Well trained Kegel muscles and a reliable control of body functions would do the job 😉 But if she's not practised so good?

*018*2025-05-17 03:22

Another story with desperation, peeing and sexual activity (in the hidden parts). Another of my favourites!

July 2009

At the Swimming Pool

She came to stay with us for a few days before heading off to join her friends. I knew her father well—we’d worked together on a big project years ago. He called me a week earlier to arrange her stay. Since my kids and wife were away at camp, we were alone in the house. She was pretty and pleasant, but to me, she was still an 19-year-old kid. I didn’t think of her as a woman.

I got home early from work and suggested we go to the swimming pool. She agreed, probably bored all morning at our place, and it was a welcome escape. Better than staying home with an old “uncle” waiting for a call from her friends to continue her trip.

We settled under a tree. In that heat, there was no thinking of anything else. We spread out a blanket and sprawled on it. I looked at her. Slim figure, long hair, her nice breasts and cute backside stood out in her bikini… simply attractive. I expected one of the local guys to muster the courage to invite her for a drink. She was nice to me, but it was clear that, at nearly 40, she saw me as old and uninteresting—just a kind uncle she was crashing with. And honestly, that didn’t bother me; I’d never been into young girls.

After swimming, I offered to get some drinks. In the end, we both went—she wanted coffee, ice cream, and a cola. We sat at a table, chatting about everything, her future plans… On the way back to the blanket, we each grabbed another large cola.

I asked if she’d spotted any interesting guys she’d rather hang out with than her “uncle,” but she laughed and said:

– You don’t show off or try to get me into bed.

– True, I smiled, and we continued our casual conversation.

We finished our drinks and debated when to go back in the water. But the sky clouded over, almost threatening a storm.

– It better not start raining, I remarked.

– It looks like it will—look, people are starting to leave, she noticed.

– Let’s wait, maybe it’ll clear up, I suggested, and she agreed.

But soon, it started raining—first light drops, then heavier, and finally a proper downpour. Luckily, we’d taken shelter under a large tree that protected us from the weather for now. The rain drove most people either to the covered restaurant or out of the pool area entirely, leaving only those under trees.

– You were right, the rain stabilized, she said ironically after ten minutes of nonstop rain.

– And I’ve got a problem—I need to pee.

I looked at her. Only then did I notice she was sitting in an odd position. She was squatting, but her heel was pressed against her lap, and her hands nervously brushed over her thighs. Her gaze darted around. It seemed charming; she looked even sexier.

– Wait until the rain eases up, I suggested.

– That might be too late, she replied.

It struck me as odd that she was so worried while in a swimsuit. I told her as much. She gave a weak smile. I realized that if she were alone, she’d probably handle it differently. The more I looked at her, the more excited I felt, which is even harder to hide in swim trunks. She probably noticed, but I kept playing the role of the uncle concerned for his little girl.

– You don’t have to be shy, just pee here, I won’t look, I said.

– But you’d be disappointed, right? Don’t pretend, I have eyes, she replied.

There was no point in pretending. I moved closer and told her:

– You’re attractive, but I’m not into beautiful young girls. But when they need to pee and I’m there, it excites me—I can’t help it. Yeah, I’ve got an erection, sorry. If you want, I’ll leave, and you can pee in peace.

She replied:

– Don’t go, you’re not unpleasant.

I pulled her close and lightly kissed her shoulder. My hands slid down her stomach to the bottom of her bikini. I touched her swimsuit. It was dry everywhere except for one spot that felt wetter.

– Have you already let some out?

– A little.

I pulled back one corner of the blanket, moving us onto the grass. I pressed her against me and slipped my hand between her legs over her swimsuit. Meanwhile, she reached for my erect penis through my trunks.

– Pee, I urged her, trying to caress her through the swimsuit.

I excitedly watched her blue bikini. There was a small wet spot in her lap. I might’ve missed it if it hadn’t started spreading moments later.

– I’m peeing, she whispered.

Spoiler

I tried to caress her clitoris. She stroked my trunks, which were stretched to the limit. I cautiously glanced around to ensure no one noticed our activities. They didn’t—the pool area was nearly empty, and those who remained were huddled against the rain. Fortunately, nothing was visible. This gave me the courage to focus more intensely on her lap. She was finishing peeing, but I wanted to bring her to climax. My fingers slipped under her swimsuit—she was perfectly shaved. Waves of excitement coursed through me as I touched her wet lap. One hand caressed her breast, the other worked my trunks. She clearly wanted to climax. I caressed her as best I could, and when her lap began moving against my fingers and she started moaning with arousal, I knew she was close. She moaned softly, moving her pelvis. When she reached climax, she collapsed onto the towel.

I looked at her, still with a longing, erect penis in my trunks. She lay before me, gazing into my eyes, smiling.

– I peed myself, she giggled.

She spread her legs. Dark patches were clearly visible on her blue swimsuit. The sight of her lap captivated me. But then she turned over and started reading.

The rain stopped, she went to shower, we changed, and headed home.

After that incident, she was even friendlier toward me in the car. It was as if a barrier had fallen, like she started seeing me as an older friend she wasn’t embarrassed to share anything with. Suddenly, I wished she’d stay longer than planned. I felt comfortable with her, though I knew I couldn’t cross a clear line. If only for her father’s sake…

We arrived home. She waited for me by the door while I parked. She smiled, then crossed her legs and whispered:

– I need to pee again.

She was teasing me. She knew I wouldn’t cross the line and enjoyed provoking me. When I opened the door, she turned to me and grabbed my crotch.

– I knew what I’d find, she laughed.

She went to the bathroom. I followed. She started undressing. She stripped completely, and my excitement grew. Then she stepped into the shower.

– Come to me, she invited.

I undressed too. My penis was already erect. I stood next to her, waiting to see what would happen.

– I’m going to pee, she announced.

Spoiler

She touched my penis and began caressing it with her hand. I watched her lap and legs, a trickle running down them, utterly fascinated. She looked into my eyes. Then she took my hand and placed it in her lap. I felt the stream, and my arousal intensified. She noticed and played with my penis even more vigorously.

– Now, I moaned, pressing against her.

It was a beautiful release. With my hand in her lap and embracing her gorgeous body…

*020*2025-05-17 07:15

{{2 hours ago, MikeB said:

For me would be a girl with 19 years in a small bikini very attractive and she would get much more attractive when she would need to wee. It‘s like you push a button, if a girl says that she is needing to wee, she is turning me on at the moment.

}}

I feel quite the same. I can accidentally overhear a girl on a street that she's needing to pee and it catches my attention. However I try to act as if she didn't say anything interesting...

*022*2025-05-18 04:09

The story contains desperation, peeing and sex.

May 2010

On the Veranda

I handed her the phone and observed her attractive figure. Nina was wearing leggings that highlighted the lines of her legs and hips, paired with a sporty hoodie. The rain had driven us onto the veranda of one of the houses in a new neighborhood. The boundaries between neighboring properties weren’t yet marked by fences, and this was the only house with minimal lighting, where the veranda’s overhang offered a decent shelter at that moment. I wanted her to call her friend, who was supposed to pick us up. Nina, a colleague from work, had convinced me to join her on her regular running route, and now the rain had caught us.

She spoke at length with her friend, quietly explaining where we were to avoid drawing the neighbors’ attention. Meanwhile, she nervously paced the veranda, occasionally tapping the ground with the tip of her shoe.

From a certain angle, you could see inside the house. A sparsely furnished living room suggested the house wasn’t fully settled yet. On the couch lay a woman watching TV, dressed in a light robe. I perked up when I saw her hand move to her lap. Nina finished her call. With a smile, I pointed out my discovery. Though she hinted that it was very rude to snoop like this, I sensed it intrigued her too. Though she didn’t admit it, from that moment, her glances were mostly directed that way.

It was a strange feeling, a mix of guilt for doing something highly inappropriate and excitement. I had an attractive woman beside me, and through a narrow window, I was watching an unknown woman masturbating on a couch.

The rain didn’t let up, her friend still hadn’t arrived, and Nina was noticeably more nervous than before. I couldn’t miss the signs that she likely needed to pee. She alternately bent her legs, stood restlessly, and occasionally shifted. Yet, she always positioned herself to keep a good view of the living room.

The growing excitement in me was impossible to ignore. I stepped closer to Nina and put my arm around her hips. In doing so, I pressed against her backside. She must have felt my rising arousal.

– What are you doing?

– I can’t help it, sorry. And don’t tell me you don’t find that woman appealing.

She didn’t respond or noticeably pull away from me. I held her by the hips, pressing my erection against her backside. Together, we watched the masturbating woman on the couch.

But then she suddenly stood up. Instinctively, we moved out of the light’s path and hid in a darker corner of the veranda. We heard footsteps. We didn’t make a sound, crouching against the wall, hoping the woman was so engrossed in her video and intimate activity that she hadn’t heard us. For a moment, we lost track of her movements inside the house. Was she heading to the door? Going upstairs? A clear flush of the toilet revealed the answer.

Nina turned slightly toward me and whispered:

– I need to pee too.

Though I’d suspected it, her spoken admission intensified my excitement. I pressed her even closer to me. But then we noticed the woman’s footsteps approaching the door. We stealthily moved to the other corner so she wouldn’t spot us immediately if she opened it.

I felt Nina start to tremble slightly. She crouched and pressed her knees together. Her hand went to her lap. I placed my hand over hers. With my other hand, I slid down her backside to between her thighs. I wanted to fully savor the magic of the moment. I was incredibly aroused yet terrified that the woman might discover us, uninvited guests. We froze when we heard her grab the doorknob. Fortunately, she was only checking if it was locked. Moments later, she returned to the living room and lay back on the couch.

– I have to pee, please let me go.

I didn’t comply with her request. I slowly began pulling down her leggings. She didn’t resist. I stroked her panties. They were already wet—a few drops had clearly escaped in those tense moments. Finally, I pulled down her panties too. She squatted, and I knelt behind her. I started playing with her clitoris. Then I quickly pulled down my sweatpants and briefs to my knees and aimed my aroused penis at her vagina from behind. She was already peeing. Still, I tried to enter her. I succeeded. She didn’t resist. On the contrary, she positioned herself to make it as pleasurable as possible for her. It took only a few thrusts for me to feel my climax approaching. I caressed her clitoris with my hand. She moaned softly. At the last moment, I pulled out and ejaculated onto the ground. She also reached a climax, though it was heavily subdued by the fear of being caught.

Then we ignored the rain and quickly left the veranda. By the time we reached the next house, we were thoroughly soaked. Nina laughed:

– At least I don’t have to worry about wet panties.

Her friend arrived about ten minutes later, very surprised that we hadn’t found shelter somewhere. 🙂

*023*2025-05-19 02:30

Another of my favourites. Contains a bit of desperation, a discussion about how arousing is to watch a woman pee, and masturbation.

May 2010

Alone with the Neighbor

My wife had gone abroad for a long study program, and I was tired of endlessly browsing my favorite websites for inspiring videos and then satisfying myself alone. I wanted more. I’m not the type for infidelity, but a close friend who’d enjoy sharing intimate secrets—that’s what I craved. As I was lost in these thoughts, the doorbell interrupted me. I got up from the computer and went to answer it. It was my neighbor. She’s a bit older, around her forties, but still very attractive.

– Sorry to bother you, but I’ve got a problem. I left my house keys at work, and my husband won’t be back until evening. Could I use your bathroom?

– Sure, come in, it’s to the right.

Having the charming neighbor in the house excited me. I feverishly thought about how to handle the situation. Taking the initiative, I put on water for coffee. I got so caught up in preparing the drink that I forgot about the laptop on the table. When she came back from the bathroom, she couldn’t help but notice the porn site open on the screen. She looked at me, amused. I tried to salvage the situation.

– You know, my wife’s been gone for a while. Want to have coffee with me?

– Why not, thanks.

We sat down. The laptop mishap threw me off. I couldn’t converse as freely as I wanted afterward. But eventually, the conversation circled back to the website she’d seen.

– I get it. My husband was away for a month recently, and it was unbearable.

She laughed.

– You’re right, it’s tough. If only I could at least talk about it…

– Go ahead and talk, I’m curious, she said, smiling again.

We talked for a long time, drank coffee and other drinks I prepared. She was pleasant and kind, and eventually, I cast aside all inhibitions, stopped thinking about the risks, and started telling her what I longed for.

– I’d love to find a woman to share our erotic fantasies and desires with. So far, I haven’t succeeded. It’s always just two or three emails before it fizzles out. And it would be absolutely amazing to meet—not for sex, I don’t want to cheat, but maybe just to watch each other, to see how we each pleasure ourselves. That would excite me…

There it was, out in the open. I felt like a naive student confessing his childish desires, exposing himself completely, with all the consequences that could follow, including for my marriage if she turned out to be chatty when my wife returned. I was horrified at how far I’d let myself slip, blurting it out so thoughtlessly.

– And you think it could work like that? That you’d find someone online, meet her, and she’d be so appealing that you’d sit across from each other and, as you say, pleasure yourselves? And if it happened, it wouldn’t turn into sex? Or cause other problems? Aren’t you wanting too much at once?

– I know it’s basically nonsense… but I dream about it. Think about it—coincidence: you rang the bell, you came. Isn’t that a sign?

We sat across from each other. I looked into her eyes. Suddenly, I wanted her to be the woman sitting opposite me, both of us pleasuring ourselves. But how to suggest it while keeping an escape route if she refused, without ruining our neighborly relationship?

– You like to watch, don’t you?

– Yes, I love watching, but I enjoy it even more when the other person finds it pleasurable too.

– Show me what you were looking at on the laptop.

I felt like a schoolboy caught cheating for a moment, but then I told myself I had nothing to lose. First, I showed her sites with a mix of free videos—probably not new to her. Then I showed her the “special” ones.

– You like watching a woman pee?

– Yes, among other things—that too.

– And did you watch me when I was here earlier?

– How could I? But even if I could, it wouldn’t feel polite or appropriate.

– How do you expect to tell any woman what you want if you’re not bold enough? What if it didn’t bother me that you watched? Would you like to watch me?

She took the lead, and it was clear she’d dictate what would and wouldn’t happen. I lost control of the conversation and the chance to steer it where I wanted.

– Of course, I don’t need to tell you that.

– You’ve said so much but haven’t tried the crucial thing—asking me if I’d do it with you.

– Would you?

– Hmm… we’ll see, she paused. After a moment, she added:

– Now show me.

After a brief shock from her direct challenge, I hesitantly pulled down my briefs and took my penis in my hand.

– Now show me how you do it.

I gently began sliding the foreskin back and forth. The thought that she was watching me was thrilling.

– Come with me, she said.

We moved from the table to the couch. She sat across from me and slightly lifted her skirt. I fixed my gaze on her lap. She hadn’t parted her thighs yet, so I couldn’t see her panties. One hand rested on her thigh, the other brushed over her blouse. Then she unbuttoned a button and touched her breast. The other hand moved to her lap. Then she fully spread her thighs. She wasn’t wearing panties! My penis visibly swelled in response.

– You don’t wear panties?

– I do, but these were already wet. I peed a little while looking for my keys.

Her admission only heightened my arousal. She caressed her clitoris, her thighs spread, giving me a view of her smoothly shaved lap. I sat about a meter away, wondering what would happen next. My dream had come true—I was watching an attractive woman masturbate, and it seemed she wasn’t indifferent to watching a man do the same across from her. Yet, provocative questions crept in: What if I touched her lap directly with my penis? What if I ended up penetrating her? Would this fairy tale end with a slap, or is that what she’s expecting? Had I built a dream that’s absurd because mutual masturbation could never “just” stay that way?

In the end, I restrained myself and focused on the fleeting moment of shared intimate secrecy. One of her hands played with her breast, the other was in her lap. Her arousal grew—she was tense, thrusting her lap against the finger in her vagina, arching her chest, her breathing deepening, her face revealing how much she was enjoying it. I was nearing climax too, really just waiting for her.

– I’m going to… do it too… quick…

It came instantly. I caught my release in a hastily grabbed tissue. She cried out loudly and clenched her thighs tightly. Her body trembled for a while with the lingering orgasm.

We sat silently on the couch for a few minutes. Then we returned to the table and finished our drinks. We talked about gardening, sports, and I don’t know what else, but we avoided erotica and sex. It started getting dark. She occasionally checked if her husband had returned. After a while, she smiled and asked if she could use the bathroom again. I nodded and, now boldly, asked if I could accompany her. She agreed. 🙂

*024*2025-05-20 02:16

This story contains desperation, wetting and mutual masturbation

September 2010

In the Elevator

It started with an invitation for a drink from my friend Martina. Back in college, we were quite close, and though our connection never turned into a serious relationship, the bond lasted for years. Now she called, wanting to confide in me about some family troubles. Over time, however, we moved on to lighter topics, and a few glasses of good wine lifted our spirits. As we strolled through the quiet city before midnight, Martina’s ringing laughter echoed every now and then. We agreed she’d sleep over at my Prague apartment tonight.

While waiting for the bus, Martina pressed herself against me and whispered:

– I really need to pee.

She was one of the few I’d once confessed to that this particular phrase excites me, so for a moment, I wondered if she meant it seriously or was just teasing me. I took her hand, and we walked a few dozen meters to a spot beyond the streetlight’s glow. I wrapped my arms around her hips and caressed her backside. But as we started looking for the best place for her to relieve herself, the bus pulled up. There were still a few minutes before it left, but it made Martina nervous, and the thought of missing it ultimately changed her mind.

– I’ll try to hold it, let’s go.

We were among the last to board the bus, so we didn’t get seats. We squeezed our way to the window. The presence of a woman who needed to pee excited me (as always), and my arousal was palpable. Martina noticed and ran her hand over my aroused lap a few times. I relished keeping my hand on her backside, occasionally stroking it lightly and pressing her body closer to mine.

– It’s getting worse and worse; we might have to get off early, she whispered.

– Hold my hand and squeeze it based on how badly you need to pee, I told her.

This game was just a way to heighten my enjoyment, but Martina played along with a smile. I savored her firm grip, which tightened every so often, then eased slightly.

It wasn’t until the third stop that a seat opened up. We sat down. Martina shifted restlessly. Only two stops from our destination, the bus emptied out a bit more. Martina immediately took advantage, slipping her other hand between her legs. Though we continued our casual conversation, the tension was mounting. I watched her pressing need with growing excitement, and she resisted its onslaught with increasing effort. Perhaps it was the alcohol, perhaps our years of friendship, but it increasingly felt like there was arousal on her side too, and the situation carried a strong erotic undertone.

From the bus, it was just a few dozen meters to my apartment. I fumbled for my keys. Meanwhile, she paced around, holding herself in her crotch. In the elevator, I pressed myself against her and, for the first time, dared to do something more. I took the hand she had in her lap, moved it aside, and slipped my own hand between her legs. I felt an arousing wetness. I began rubbing her lap through her trousers. I barely noticed the elevator had stopped. I couldn’t get enough of those moments. She didn’t resist my actions; on the contrary, she moved her pelvis to meet me.

It’s hard to put into words what unfolded in those few dozen seconds. Even the escalating arousal couldn’t suppress her need to pee. At one point, she let out a soft moan, crouched slightly, and tightly clamped her thighs around my hand. The hand gripping mine clenched convulsively, and then her body shuddered with intermittent spasms as I felt her start to pee. I pressed myself even closer to her, holding my now-wet hand against her lap. Another moan followed, a mix of her climax and resignation as she realized what had happened. Then, exhausted, she nearly collapsed at my feet.

– I’ve never experienced anything like that. I didn’t believe combining it like this could be so intense, she confided in the bathroom as we showered.

In return, she began tending to my penis…

As we said goodbye, she remarked:

– Like back in the day… non-coital as always, right? That’s how I like it, no complications. I’ll call you sometime…

