I Think You Should Just Pee Your Pants

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2017-11-01 01:21

"I think you should just pee your pants."

I was pretty sure I couldn't possibly have heard her right. I said as much.

"If you really need to go so badly you should probably just pee your pants." Camille reiterated.

Fair enough. I had been complaining about needing to pee since the two of us had left the uni bar to walk back to my girlfriend's house. It must be getting on her nerves. But I did really need to pee!

"Sorry. I'll stop complaining." I might have been a little snarky at her lack of sympathy. A full bladder doesn't correlate with a good mood.

She stopped walking and looked me in the eye. "No dude. I'm serious. There isn't anywhere decent to pee till you get to my place. It's all houses, traffic, and no cover. If you are busting you should just pee in your pants. They're dark, it probably won't show."

I didn't quite know what to say, "Um... I can hang on. I was just complaining 'cause it's really uncomfortable."

She narrowed her eyes at me, "Right. So pee your pants. It's not a big deal. Better than being "really uncomfortable". I wet my pants all the time if I need to."

I had been dating Camille for three or four months and I had never once seen her pee herself. And anyway, people don't pee their pants out of convenience. Maybe it's because she's French? Do French girls pee themselves a lot? Not likely. I decided she was pulling my leg. "No you don't!"

"Sure I do. I just don't make a big deal about it. Remember when when we went to see Nine Months play in the Gardens last month? Did you see me drinking beer? Did you see me use the portapotties?"

Honestly I hadn't thought about it. I guess if I had I would have just assumed she had a big bladder. It certainly didn't cross my mind that she'd been peeing herself. "Seriously?"

"Yeah." She was vehement, "Portapotties are really gross."

"So is peeing your pants though."

"Not really. Urine is pretty much sterile." She said casually. "Hey. Tell you what, since I can see you are resistant, if I wet myself first then will you pee your pants?"

"Sure Camille." I absolutely didn't think she'd do it. Remember I was still pretty sure she was just fucking with me and I was calling her bluff.

Nope.

The next thing I knew Camille was standing in a puddle. My beautiful twenty-year-old girlfriend just pissed herself in broad twilight all over a public footpath next to a moderately busy road. Not that anyone else would have noticed. Her ankle length skirt hid everything except her suddenly wet sandals and a decent sized pool of pee.

"You just wet yourself!" I was in shock.

She looked at me like I was stupid, "Yeah? Did you not think I was going to do the exact thing I said I was going to do? Your turn now."

"I though you were kidding!"

"You thought wrong." She winked at me. "Now pee. A promise is a promise."

She was right. I had, unintentionally, made a promise. She wouldn't be pleased if I backed out...

"I'm not sure I can. I've never peed myself on purpose before." Everything was moving pretty quickly at this point. How had I agreed to this?

"It's not so hard. Not if you are desperate. Just relax, let it come, imagine you are using a toilet."

I must have been desperate, and maybe a little drunk, because it really wasn't hard. One second my pants were dry, and the next a solid stream of pee was pouring down my left leg. I was surprisingly warm, and not really gross at all. For a moment I felt good about my decision and that Camille might have been on to something with her whole "pants wetting for convenience" philosophy. But then...

"Camille! You said it wouldn't show!" I looked down at my pants in horror.

She tried and failed to smother a laugh, "I was super wrong. I really thought it wouldn't! I'm so sorry." She didn't sound sorry.

My dark blue jeans were nearly black where my pee had soaked into them. Somehow the contrast made the dry parts look lighter than usual. It was pretty noticeable.

Camille found my horror hilarious. Through giggles she promised her housemate was out for the evening so we should just hurry back to her place and take a nice shower together.

"I promise I'll make it up to you." she said in a voice that told me how exactly how she would make it up to me. I felt myself growing hard and decided that if Camille was involved maybe deliberate pants wetting might be something worth pursuing.

*004*2017-11-01 07:08

{{2 hours ago, mikey mike said:

Another chapter of this story would be great.....

}}

Good news! I was actually planing on at least one more provided there was interest.

*008*2017-11-03 13:21

{{On 11/2/2017 at 12:59 AM, Manowar said:

Great!!! I am looking forward to seeing next chapter... Looks like Camille is going to introduce the main hero into omorashi. I like this kind of stories.

}}

I do as well. Though I very rarely write from a male point of view. Let me know If I stuff up something obvious. :p

###

The walk to Camille's wasn't the greatest experience of my life. It wasn't quite dark yet but cars constantly drove past us with their headlights on. No one beeped their horn or anything, and I'm sure they were concentrating on driving, or texting, or whatever, rather than checking out random dude's crotches. Considerably worse were the pedestrians we walked past. There must have been a dozen of them. Most of them probably didn't notice anything, because, again, who checks out random dude's crotches. But one middle-aged lady walking her Schnauzer definitely noticed because she gave me a sympathetic smile. Also my shoes squished with every step.

When we finally got to Camille's place we had a quick pash in the hall. It was seriously intense; something about the tension of people noticing me on the walk back. It started to get a little bit handsy, Camille said something along the line of warming up before our shower, I did not complain. Honestly I'd have been perfectly happy to go straight to the bedroom and just shower afterward, but then they wouldn't have been my sheets getting wet. My jeans had got a bit cold and uncomfortable during the walk back but Camille's gentle rubbing, even through the thick denim, soon brought me back to life. We had just ended our embrace and Camille had almost put her hand on the bathroom doorknob when the door swung open, untouched.

"Oh! Hey guys. Sorry I was just getting ready for..." Camille's housemate Anne recovered from her initial surprise at nearly running into us neatly, but trailed off as her eyes found my obviously peed in pants.

"You look great Anne!" Camille said. Which was true, she was clearly about to go out from her make-up and party dress. "My boyfriend peed his pants so we just need the bathroom to clean up if you're done?"

Anne looked stunned, her dark eyes saucers. She looked at my pants. At me. At Camille. "OK... I was just heading out." She said as she edged her way past us in the narrow hall.

Safely inside the bathroom with the door shut Camille turned the hot tap completely around a few times and the cold tap about a tenth of a turn to the left.

"Why did you tell Anne I peed my pants?" I asked, offended.

"Because you peed your pants?"

"Because you told me to!"

"What difference does that make?"

I changed tack, "Why didn't you just make something up about why my pants were wet?"

"Dude." She pulled her top off over her head exposing her pale breasts, "It's pretty obvious you peed yourself. Don't worry about Anne, she won't tell anyone."

I started talking off my clothes as well, beginning with my saturated shoes and socks. "Why wouldn't she? It's a pretty decent "you won't believe what just happened on my way out the door" story."

"Mutually assured destruction." She kicked her sandals off and unclipped her skirt, letting it fall to the floor. Her white panties had gone almost completely transparent and clingy where she had wet them giving me an extremely arousing view of the top of her shaved pussy. "I know for a fact that Anne has wet her bed on multiple occasions. If she talks about you then I'll talk about her."

This, as I would later find out in the most awkward kitchen conversation of all time, was not true. Anne's ex-boyfriend had wet her bed multiple times. Which as she hurriedly reassured me was not why she broke up with him and that it was really no big deal that I'd had an accident as guys don't have very strong bladders and we can't help it. I more or less fled the room at that point.

My jeans stuck to my legs a little as I tried to peel the wet fabric off them. A naked Camille came over and helped me out of my underwear. I sprang to attention as she lowered my drenched boxers.

"I see someone's ready." She said with a smile.

*017*2017-11-06 02:15

Thanks y'all! I really appreciate the kind comments. This next chapter requires the sex tag. It's not super hardcore or anything. But there is sex, so be warned. :)

###

"I think you should just pee your pants."

"Really?" I said as I looked around the lecture theater. "People will definitely notice. Maybe not straight away... But when I get up to leave... They are definitely going to notice."

"It'll be fine" Camille reassured me in a low voice. "You don't want to miss anything. Prof Sketchley is going over what'll be on the final. And those pants are black, they won't show any wetness."

I wavered. On the one hand I really didn't want to miss finding out what would be on the final, and if I was honest, I kinda wanted to wet myself in front of Camille again. It was rather thrilling and the sex afterward was the best of my life. But on the other hand I really didn't want my classmates to see that I wet my pants in a lecture. Not even a little bit. "That's what you said last time. And it showed. Big time."

"These ones definitely won't. I promise."

I didn't need as much persuading as I would have thought. Heart pounding I relaxed my bladder and was instantly rewarded by the feeling of hot urine bathing my crotch and butt. I looked down at myself and was relieved to see that this time Camille was right. Nothing showed at all.

I closed my eyes and pushed harder, enjoying the feeling of emptying such an overfull bladder. The wet feeling spread down my legs and up my back. Wait... How was my back getting wet... Oh shit.

I opened my eyes again and looked around the room in disorientation. Dim light filtered through dirty windows. Bedroom. I was lying down. Oh hell no! I thrust my hand down to my crotch in panic, dreading what I'd find.

I hadn't wet my bed.

I'd wet Camille's bed. Which is one hundred million times worse.

My pee was everywhere. I was wet to my shoulders and past my knees. My butt was in an actual puddle I peed so much. What was she going to say?

"Hey." I startled a little. She was already awake! "Did you... Have you had an accident?"

I tried to interpret her tone. Annoyance, concern, confusion? She just sounded sleepy. I apologized profusely. "I'm so, so, so sorry. I'll pay for a new mattress. I don't know how this happened."

She rolled over, pressed her body against me, and wrapped her arms around me in a hug. "It's OK. These things happen." She gently kissed my neck, "Don't worry about the mattress. There is a waterproof mattress protector on it."

I was so relieved she wasn't mad. And that I wouldn't have to somehow find the money to pay for a new mattress. "Why is there a waterproof mattress protector on your bed?"

Her kisses had migrated across my face to meet my mouth. It took her a minute to explain between pashes. "Sometimes I wet my bed." Another long kiss. "Not by accident in my sleep, like you just did." A shorter kiss, "But I always wake up badly needing to pee." A longer kiss, "And sometimes I wake up really horny." Her hand snaked its way into my wet boxers and wrapped itself around my penis. "And I just have to play with myself." She began gently stroking me and grinding herself against my thigh in the same rhythm. "And if I can't hold on long enough to finish." She nibbled on my ear lobe and whispered the end of her story, "I end up peeing in my bed."

If you had told me they year before that I would one day find a girl telling me how she pees on herself to be one of the most erotic moments of my life I'd have told you to put the bong down. But it absolutely was.

If Camille had kept rubbing me I'd have orgasmed within the next minute, but to my mild, though very temporary, disappointment she stopped.

"Boxers off." She said shortly. I'd barely kicked them off my ankles when Camille swung her leg over me and straddled my groin, one knee next to each of my hip bones, both squishing in my puddle. I took me a second to realize she was naked. Stupidly I said as much. She was always amazingly fast at taking off her clothes.

"Well you got your pee all over my pajamas." She teased. "I had to take them off."

She reached down and deftly slid me inside her as she lowered herself onto me. I could see even in the dimness her eyes roll back as a little moan escaped her lip.

I'm stupid. It's the only explanation. In retrospect it was blindingly clear, but this was the moment I realized Camille liked me wetting her bed. She liked me peeing my pants. Presumably she liked peeing her own pants. Yeah. I'm pretty stupid.

"So you don't mind me wetting your bed?" I asked in an attempt at a sexy tone.

She looked at me like I was stupid, but kept up a rhythm of slowly lifting herself a few inches and then smoothly lowering her hips so my entire dick disappeared inside her, "Um, no. I don't mind at all... Um... So what happened? Did you just wake up wet? Or mid-pee? Did you... Have a dream?"

"I had a dream. I dreamed you told me I should just pee my pants."

"Really? That doesn't sound like something I'd say." She said with a smile.

I recounted my whole dream to her. I could tell she was getting more and more turned on with every word from the little sounds she was making and the tiny contractions her vagina was transmitting.

"I'm sorry." She stopped her rhythm and gently wriggled a little. "I just woke up." I didn't say anything so she continued after a few seconds, "So I really need to pee. Like, right now. I can run to the toilet and come straight back if you want? Or...?"

"You can just go here?" I offered. I wanted her to. Again, I'd never thought a girl peeing on me could be sexy. But now... I really wanted her to.

"OK." She sounded happy. Really happy. I didn't have long to wait. An absolute torrent suddenly poured across my groin and belly. It was so warm.

She wasn't even finished peeing when her pussy started the wild contractions that I knew meant she was orgasming. I was never able to resist those contractions, they tipped me over the edge into ecstasy. I've never come harder before or since. My skin crackled with the electricity.

We kissed wordlessly for a while longer as I softened inside her. Eventually she slid off me and into our joint puddle with what can only be described as a splash.

"Shower?" She offered.

*022*2017-11-09 13:55

{{On 11/6/2017 at 2:03 PM, Manowar said:

Camille is amazing. I wonder if her housemate knows that she ocassionally wet her bed. If I am correct, she ended her relationship because her boyfriend wet her bed? Isn't Camille affraid that Anne would forced her to move because of this?

Great chapter and I hope it isn't the last one. I like Camille and her wet boyfriend very much.

}}

Nah. Anne is quite specific that that is not why she broke up with her ex. That said, you have no way of knowing if that is a true statement. :)

{{On 11/6/2017 at 3:13 PM, mikey mike said:

I have to agree with Manowar, another brilliant chapter and like him I hope there's more to come. BTW I think you got the "sex scene" about spot on; it was very natural and in no way crude or pornographic!

}}

Thanks! I only occasionally write detailed sex scenes. They are basically romance novel graphic. I think that's about right for this site, and for me!

{{On 11/7/2017 at 3:02 PM, AliasnameTO said:

This is pure fantasy put into words. Outstanding work. <33

}}

Thanks so much. :)

