May 2022 Omorashi Writing Competition - Page 2

Author: WiiGuy86

*030*2022-04-30 19:39

Ok everyone, here are the final prompts to be voted on, you can vote by replying in this topic. Voting will end Wednesday May 4th. You may vote for your own prompt or own nomination. In the event of a tie, I will break the tie with a random number generator.

1. Character, alone or with friends, is on a small boat. Perhaps it is something as small as a canoe or even a kayak. Maybe it's a bit larger, a sailboat or even a 24' power cruiser, but it is certainly not large enough to have been outfitted with a head. Needless to say, they soon finds they need to pee, but dressed as they are in street clothes rather than swimming gear, that's going to prove awkward.

2. Character in the first day at a new job, needs to go but is unable to (for any reason - ie. doesn't know where the bathrooms are, is too nervous to ask for a break, is denied a break, or told to wait until lunch etc).

3. Character is in a sauna and waiting for everyone else to leave so they can sneak a pee (the toilet is broken or something). What they don't realize is that someone else has the exact same plan.

4. Character is out camping for some big event and has been holding it since they don't want to use the terrible port-a-potties. Finally, they can't hold it and decide to go in the bushes. However, each time they try to find a private spot, it's occupied by someone else.

*047*2022-05-03 22:29

Voting will end in a little under 24 hours!

Current standing:

1: 4

2: 4

3: 7

4: 0

A solid lead for 3 but close enough to be swung!

