(RWBY) Yang is Wet

Author: WeissyRose

*000*2019-11-26 08:24

[Author's notes: First of all, this is my first fanfic on OmoOrg, so please don't be too harsh! Critiques are welcome. Yes, the title sucks, I'm not good at naming things. Also, as a request, don't quote the entire post in your replies, thanks!]

Chapter 1: The First Accident

After a long day of class, Yang walked into her dorm room, and began to stretch. Somehow, Ruby had convinced Weiss to go into town to go shopping, and Blake was studying in the library, so Yang was left to herself. And that was perfectly fine by her; in fact, she was relieved by that fact. She had a plan for tonight, after all; a plan that worked a lot better since she was by herself, and she had already put several hours worth of preparation into her plan.

Her first step had been to take a drink break as often as she could; between every class, and at every water fountain between her last class and the dorms. The second step in her two-step plan, was more of an inaction. She had neglected to use the restroom since before lunch. The end result was a simple fact, as common sense as 2+2=4. Yang Xiao Long desperately needed to pee.

As she stretched, she intentionally spread her legs as wide as she could – which was a remarkable amount – intentionally relieving as much pressure on her bladder as she could. The action caused her to have to use her bladder muscles as the only thing keeping her pee in. This, of course, meant that the feeling of desperation multiplied significantly. Yang, however, didn’t mind. She was still in full control. She’d spent the last several weeks working on her stamina – holding as absolutely long as she could, to force her body to figure out how to hold as much as possible.

Yang decided to test herself. Instead of holding back actively, she pushed out ever so slightly. This let her pee rush all the way into her urethra. She was now using her sheer willpower to hold it in. She kept this up until she feel her control beginning to slip, and then returned to holding it actively. However, the effort had essentially doubled her desperation, and she was almost right back on the edge.

Since she was near the end of her endurance, Yang finally allowed herself to head to the bathroom and lock the door behind her, just in case. However, instead of dropping her pants and sitting on the toilet like a good girl, she climbed down into the bathtub. She leaned up against the wall and spread her legs as wide as she could. She reached between her legs, and rubber her groin over her panties, and moaned slightly as the urge to pee grew with the pressure. She knew exactly what she was getting ready to do, and she absolutely loved the thought of it. As her panties began to get wet with her excitement, she thought back to the first time she’d done something like what was about to happen.

* * *

It had happened in her first semester at Beacon. She was just getting settled into her daily routine. It turned out that there was plenty of time for lunch, and her professor immediately after lunch was fairly lenient with tardiness. So, she offered to take her team to Vale for lunch. The four girls went to a popular restaurant and ate their fills. Yang neglected to pay attention to how much she had to drink, and ended up getting a few refills too many.

As the girls made their way back to Beacon, Yang realized that she wouldn’t have time to use the restroom before class. Her professor was lenient, yes, but not that lenient. No matter, Yang thought to herself, I’ll just go after the next class. I don’t even have to go that bad.. However, as the class wore on, her extra refills began to add up.

The class didn’t end a moment too soon. Yang left the classroom – and then immediately realized her mistake. My next class is on the far side of the school. Yang ran across the school, and finally made it to the right building. Unfortunately, she only had a minute or so to be in the class, and this as one of the strictest teachers in the school. Yang sighed and resigned herself to suffering through one more class.

Like the previous hour, the multiple sodas took their toll on Yang’s bladder. By the end of class, she was barely able to focus. As the bell rang, Yang got up and headed towards the nearest bathroom. When she got there, she cursed silently. Shit! The bathroom would be out of order today, wouldn’t it! By the time she determined the bathroom really was out of order and unusable, Yang realized that she had just enough time to make her last class of the day. Well, she thought, it could be worse. It’s the last class, I’ll make it just fine.

As the class wore on, Yang could feel her endurance wearing thin. She cursed the professor with every fiber of her body. How dare you teach about the Great Flood today! With the constant talk of water, Yang was unable to keep her mind off of her needs. She tapped her foot impatiently, as her bladder reached maximum capacity. As the class continued, Yang’s focus shifted more and more on her aching bladder. Hesitantly, she crossed her legs in an attempt to hold it in better. She hoped no one looked at her, because she very rarely crossed her legs.

As the minutes ticked by agonizingly slowly, she soon found her hips wiggling in a ‘pee dance’. Damn it, she cursed, I really shouldn’t have had so much to drink! She started to cry internally, when a sudden wave of desperation hit her. She quickly grabbed her groin with her free hand, trying to physically hold the wave back. Her efforts were mostly successful, but a small but significant amount leaked into her panties.

When she was certain she had control of herself again, she made possibly the biggest mistake of the day; she looked at the clock. How the hell do we still have half an hour left?!? She screamed on the inside as she realized something very important. Quite simply, she was absolutely not going to make it. She had just begun to raise her hand to ask to use the restroom, when Jaune’s hand shot up.

“P-professor Peach, may I please use the restroom!?” Jaune yelled. With her permission, he got up, went to the front of class, and took the only bathroom pass there was. Professor Peach was often criticized for her elementary school method of using the restroom, but she absolutely refused to change it.

Yang’s heart sank right into her bladder as she lowered her hand before she really even raised it. As close as they were to the end of class, she wasn’t going to get a chance to go. She whined to herself as another wave rolled over her. In that moment, Yang made a decision that would alter her life forever. She knew she wasn’t going to make it without wetting herself, but maybe she could spare herself the embarrassment of a full accident. I’m going to have to let some out. Oh gods, this is the worst day of my life.

Taking a deep breath, Yang prepared to summon as much control as she could muster. Concentrating, she let go of some of the tension holding herself back. Her face turned red as a small amount of liquid began to work its way into her panties. She did her absolute best to keep her stream week and slow, trying to maintain control. The slightest miscalculation, If she let go just the slightest amount too much, and she would lose control, and she would end up soaking herself.

Yang slowly allowed herself to leak for the count of 30, and then somehow managed to force herself to stop. She could feel the wet spot on her panties, and knew there was a small puddle in her chain. She sat and thought for a moment, trying to assess her situation. She did indeed feel better, but the edge was still sharp, and she knew she would have to let out more.

Stubbornly, Yang forced herself to try and wait it out, not knowing who would see her, but after a mere few minutes, she was forced to concede. Tears welled up in her eyes as she willingly peed in her panties some more. This time, she went for the count of 60, and flinched as she heard the subtle, faint sound of her puddle spilling onto the floor. Though barely audible to her, in her ears she felt like she heard each and every drop hitting the floor. She swore that she felt every ounce flowing out of here as if it were a gallon. Fortunately, in the last ten seconds, she felt the edge fade, and she knew she would be able to make it out of the class without peeing any more. She re-asserted control over her bladder, and cautiously looked around to see if anyone was looking at her. To her great surprise, everyone was just as bored and expressionless as they ever were. Thank Oum. I don’t know how I could live with myself if people knew that I peed myself.

To her saving grace, the final bell rang and dismissed the class for the day. Yang remained in her seat until everyone that would be able to see her mess was gone and then got up and hurried out of the class. Never thought I’d be glad that the school uniform’s skirt is black, but here I am. She hurried to the dorm as fast as she could, but her need resurfaced and prevented her from running.

Eventually, Yang made her way to the dorm. She waddled to the bathroom, so desperate to pee that she couldn’t even walk straight. She got the door open, closed, and locked, when she lost all control. Her pee once again began to escape from her, renewing the wetness in her panties. Fuck! She screamed internally. No, no, no! This can’t be happening. However, despite her best efforts, nothing would restore her control. I can’t make a mess… she managed to think as her pee began to flow down her legs. She hobbled over to the bathtub and got in, finally giving up and letting her pee flow uninhibited.

For what felt like hours, Yang’s bladder emptied itself into her clothes, completely and utterly soaking them, turning her white panties very see-through. As the embarrassment faded, Yang was surprised to find herself getting aroused. Damn, this almost feels good. Yang didn’t know if her arousal was from the sheer relief of letting go after holding for so long, or if she was actually enjoying herself. All she could really think about was peeing, and the vaguely positive feeling it brought.

* * *

The whole accident had lasted maybe a full minute, but Yang vividly remembered the feeling. About a month later, Yang decided to do it again, but this time intentionally and more controlled. With the embarrassment and desperation not present to distract her, Yang was able to focus on the feeling of peeing in her clothes, and found that she did indeed enjoy it, and was still aroused by the feeling.

And now, here she was, masturbating to her first accident, filled to the brim with pee, just beginning to leak. She achieved orgasm, and came into her clothes. Not far behind, the contents of her bladder followed, and Yang Xiao Long once again peed herself.

*004*2019-11-28 18:23

Yeah. I'm working on Chapter 2 right now, and I have a vague plan for Chapter 3 and 4.

*006*2019-11-30 08:51

Okay, I feel bad that I didn't pay attention to this the first time. Yang's thoughts are supposed to be in italics. I'll fix it for Chapter 2.

*009*2019-12-01 03:44

{{5 hours ago, DsGSilver said:

Finding RWBY omo is no easy task, and I appreciate your contributions. This was great, and I look forward to more!

Do you plan on including any of the other characters, or just sticking with Yang, out of curiosity?

}}

For this one I'm planning on keeping it just Yang. I might do a Nora one at some point. Or, perhaps I'll throw Nora into this one.

*010*2019-12-01 03:51

Chapter 2: Showering in Gold

Classes at Beacon had let out for the Winter Break, and students were allowed to go home for a while. Yang was conflicted about this: On the one hand, she’d been away from home for a really long time, and was anxious to see her dad. But on the other hand, she’d gotten quite used to being able to thoroughly enjoy her newfound fetish. At Beacon, all of the girls did their own laundry, so Yang had never been worried about getting caught. But if her time at Signal Academy was any indication, her dad was going to insist on doing her laundry for her. Which is going to be a problem. Yang thought, he pays attention, and he’ll easily notice if my clothes smell like pee.

Yang and Ruby were almost halfway through the three-hour flight from Beacon to Vale, and Yang had missed her last chance to use the restroom before they left. She wasn’t worried about having an accident, not after nearly a semester of training. But she also knew that they would have to get on a ship from Vale to their home island of Patch. That, of course, meant that she wouldn’t have time to use the restroom before it was time to board. Also, her dad was notoriously cheap, so she all but knew that the boat he’d booked wouldn’t have an on-board restroom.

Of course, her endurance was a decent amount beyond that, but there was still an issue. By that point, she would certainly feel the need to go, which meant she would be beginning to be aroused. And at that point, she would have little choice but to finish her hold. Which let back around to the main predicament: She absolutely couldn’t pee in her clothes, but she wouldn’t be able to get off well if she went in the toilet like a normal girl. Oh well, I’ve got the while ride to make up my mind. She thought.

* * *

Once the boat arrived, Yang and Ruby both got off and greeted their father. After that, they ate a short meal together, and then Ruby declared that she was going to bed. Oh, good. Yang thought, That means that I’ll have the night to myself. Ruby and their father were both heavy sleepers, so Yang would be able to roam the house freely. In fact, before Yang had left for Beacon, she had experimented with being a closet nudist. That had been going fairly well, and Yang was beginning to think that it might have truly been for her, when her father walked in on her when he got up for a late night snack. Somehow, she managed to slink away without him fully realizing what was going on, but to this day, she still wondered if he knew, and just didn’t press her on the matter.

Once Ruby was asleep, Yang go out of bed, and went to check on her father. Fortunately, he frequently went to bed soon after dinner, since he was always teaching at Signal. After that, Yang returned to her room and relieved herself of her clothes. Being Winter, it was chilly, so Yang’s nipples quickly hardened in the open air. Yang ran her hands over her breasts, squeezing them lightly.

“Damn, it feels good to be naked again. My damn bras are so constrictive. I guess I’ll go ahead and be a closet nudist again. Just gotta make sure dad isn’t out and about while I am.” She said to herself. She ran a hand gently over her pussy, relaxing it. “Damn, I’m really starting to have to go. But I can’t pee in my clothes, dad’s gonna find out.” She sighed, and got up, then headed to the kitchen. Hardly thinking, she got out a glass and poured herself some apple juice. She sat at the table, still fully naked, and downed the glass. She got up again, got another, and drank it down. She was drinking more out of boredom than thirst at this point, but when she got up again, she decided to just bring the whole jug with her.

Yang began to think about her options. She once again confirmed that she could not user her panties. Beside the fact that she would be found out, she really didn’t feel like getting dressed again. She was going to sleep naked tonight for sure. She thought about going outside and peeing on, or maybe even in a tree. There were plenty of trees within easy walking distance, including one with a nice saddle-shaped branch that Yang knew would feel amazing against her bare pussy. However, the not-so-distant howl of a Grimm quickly changed her mind. She would much rather get caught peeing herself than get killed peeing on a tree. Suddenly, she realized that she had drunk the whole jug of apple juice, and then she immediately realized what a mistake that had been; her urge to pee grew suddenly urgent, and the juice nearly flowed right through her.

Yang hurried back to the bathroom, and locked herself in. She sat down on the toilet, but didn’t start to go. She was simply too horny to be able to pee like normal. She looked around the room, trying to find something to pee on. Unfortunately, it seemed like her dad had just taken out the laundry just before bed, so she was left with no options. Getting desperate both to pee and cum, Yang climbed up on the counter, and squatted over the sink. However, just as she was about to let herself go, she slipped slightly, and her butt fell into the sink. She got out of the sink, and off the counter, deciding that that wouldn’t be a very good idea. With little time left, she climbed into the tub and laid back against the tub. As she looked down at her groin, she suddenly had an idea and began to smile.

Yang scooted her butt all the way against the opposing wall, and then climbed her legs up the wall as far as she could get them to go, the middle of her back against the edge of the tub. With her butt and pussy in the air, Yang began to masturbate. She rubbed her pussy lips and clit for a minute before plunging her fingers inside of her, moaning out as her fingers put pressure on her bladder. She pumped her fingers in and out, pushing against her bladder as much as she could, before she finally came, her juices flowing down her body and confirming her idea.

She let out a moan as she began to pee, the golden liquid flowing down her body, pooling where her breasts joined her chest, and on her chin. Yang moaned out loud again as she continued to pee on herself, warm liquid trailing all down her body. She began peeing harder, peeing directly on her breasts nipples hard. Yang’s pee stream suddenly faltered, and she once again reached orgasm, and then returned full force. Finally, as Yang came down from her sexual high, her stream finally sputtered and failed. She then relaxed, and slid down into her puddle, moaning lightly. She couldn’t believe that she’d managed to cum just from peeing on herself.

Yang took a few minutes to clean herself up, and made sure that all of her pee had gone down the drain, before she finally went to bed, sliding between her sheets without bothering to get dressed. She rubbed her still-wet pussy on her sheets, and eventually fell into a very aroused sleep

*014*2019-12-30 08:47

So, for those following this, I'm having trouble deciding what to do for the next chapter? I've had 2 or 3 ideas for her staying at home for a while, and another couple of ideas for getting others involved. Which sounds best?

1. Yang gets paralyzed in a nightmare and pees her bed. Pros: Bedwetting is adorable, and I'd love to Write it. Cons: mostly, I'd end up having to write her nightmare, and not as much of her actually peeing.

2. Yang has her dad clear out the aforementioned Grimm, and climbs into a tree and pees in it. Pros: I'd get to be more descriptive of her peeing. Cons: Taiyang clearing out the Grimm isn't relevant, so that would mostly be a short time skip, and then once Yang actually pees, it would be a short chapter.

3. Yang returns to Beacon, and discovers Blake is 100% diaper dependant. Pros: I love Bumbleby and I love the idea of Blake in a diaper. Cons: once she leaves home she can't go back, so this chapter may need to be saved for later.

4. Yang and Nora are sent on a mission, and end up wetting together. The two discover they both share their Fetish and spend time talking about it. Pros: Nora omo is rare, and has an interesting angle. Also, it would allow open discussion about different ways to enjoy omo, without necessarily peeing. Cons: in addition too 3's cons, 3 and 4 are probably mutually exclusive. The odds of 2 pee fans and a diaper dependant in the same grade at the same school are astronomical.

*019*2020-01-02 07:50

So, I think I've decided to do 1 and 4.i may tech in 3 before I get to 4,but I have decided against 2. Also worthy of note, I've decided to change 1 to her having a pee dream, and waking up to find that she's peed herself, so it'll essentially be a 2-in-1 Chapter.

*020*2020-03-15 06:09

If anyone is still keeping an eye on this, I'm almost done with Chapter 3. I got super busy since I started this, so forgive the delay!

