The Maturity Exam

Author: wether

*000*2025-03-30 05:38

In Poland, "matura", or "maturity exam” refers to the secondary school leaving examination, similar to a high school diploma or matriculation exam in other countries. It is a standardized test taken by students at the end of their upper secondary education, typically around the age of 19. The matura is a crucial step for Polish students, as passing it is required to graduate from high school and is often a prerequisite for admission to universities and other higher education institutions.

This is my first story written in parts. Not all the parts include pee elements, but peeing becomes a kind of symbol in the relation between Ania and me. The story begins in late 1980's in Poland, a year before our "matura" which later becomes the "maturity exam" for us. But the maturity does not come for free...

Part 1 - The prologue

Ania never had a knack for math. In high school, every year was a battle for survival for her – she had to retake tests multiple times, and she barely scraped by from one grade to the next, as if balancing on a tightrope. Maybe the teachers eventually turned a blind eye, because with subjects that required memorizing material – history, biology, or Polish – she managed quite well. Getting B’s and A’s on her report card was her little source of pride, but math always loomed over her like a dark cloud.

I was different. The hard sciences – math, physics, chemistry – that was my world. In class, I was seen as the guy who always got it. Systems of equations, derivatives, integrals – to me, they were puzzles I solved with pleasure. I often helped my classmates, explaining tricky formulas or giving tips on how to tackle tougher problems. Some joked that I should become a teacher, but I just liked that moment when it clicked for someone, and suddenly everything became clear.

The matura exam was fast approaching. For all of us, it was a turning point – a ticket to university, to adult life, to something bigger. But for Ania, the matura was like a wall she couldn’t climb over. Math, mandatory at the basic level, kept her up at night. She wasn’t alone in her fears – the teachers, especially Mrs. Bogusława, didn’t hide their skepticism either. Mrs. Bogusława was a legend in our school: experienced, demanding, but fair. She didn’t cut anyone slack if she didn’t see effort. Many times, when Ania stood at the board and stumbled over simplifying an algebraic expression, Mrs. Bogusława would sigh heavily and ask:

– How do you imagine passing the matura, Ania?

Those words must have finally sunk in. One day, near the end of May, she approached me timidly after class. She stood there clutching her notebook to her chest, as if it were her shield.

– Listen… – she started, and I already knew it was something serious. – You know I’m hopeless at math. The matura’s in a year, and I… well, I can’t do it alone. I was thinking maybe we could review the material over the summer? Like, from the basics, from first grade. What do you think?

I looked at her, surprised. Ania rarely asked for help; she always tried to manage on her own, even if the results were meager. But this time, I saw determination in her eyes – maybe not to love math, but to pass the matura and move forward.

– Sure – I replied after a moment. – I’ve got some free time in August; we can meet up. We’ll mix the fun with the useful.

She smiled with relief, and I was already mentally drafting a plan. The summer was supposed to be warm and lazy, but a few hours a day of studying didn’t sound bad – especially since I enjoyed explaining things. Annie had a long road ahead, but if she tried hard, maybe math would stop being her nightmare. And me? I was glad to help. After all, what are friends for?

*002*2025-03-31 03:11

{{4 hours ago, YuriChaosLord said:

Nasze, Polskie!

The story seems interesting, I'll read more.

Also, what is the name and the gender of the narrator?

}}

There will be more parts soon. The narrator is male, and his name may appear later. Thanks!

*003*2025-03-31 14:10

This part contains desperation and peeing elements.

Part 2 – The First Lesson

On August 25th, at exactly 5:00 p.m., I stood in front of Ania’s door. She lived in the neighboring housing estate, just a ten-minute walk from my place. That summer, late August felt like an oven – thermometers showed over 30 degrees Celsius, and the air was still, heavy, and humid. A few weeks earlier, Ania had celebrated her eighteenth birthday, so I figured it was a good excuse to bring something nice. In my hands, I held a bouquet of flowers – simple, colorful tulips – and a box of chocolates. I dressed lightly: a bright cotton t-shirt and knee-length shorts. In this heat, there was no point in overdoing it.

I rang the bell, and Ania opened the door almost instantly. She stood in the doorway in a loose white shirt that barely reached her thighs, only vaguely covering her underwear. Without a hint of embarrassment, she said:

– Too hot for more clothes.

I shrugged. She was right – the heat was unbearable, and I was already regretting not bringing a fan. I handed her the flowers and chocolates, smiling.

– Happy birthday again. May math stop being a nightmare, and may your teacher prove effective – I said jokingly, pointing to myself.

She laughed, thanked me, and invited me inside.

Ania’s apartment was on the seventh floor, and the lack of breeze made it feel like a sauna inside. We went to the living room, where a big pitcher of water and two glasses were already waiting on the table – in this heat, drinking was a must. I spread out the math textbook, a few sheets of paper, and a pen. Ania sat across from me, still chewing the end of her pencil, which seemed to be her habit. We started with the basics – simple linear equations. I explained slowly, step by step, drawing examples on the paper.

– It’s not hard, look. You’ve got x + 3 = 7. What do you do first?

She furrowed her brow, glancing at me, hoping I’d just give her the answer. But I was unrelenting.

– Think, Ania. You have to do it yourself, or you won’t learn.

It went slowly. She sighed every few minutes, adjusted her hair sticking to her forehead, and sipped water. I wasn’t having it easy either – sweat trickled down my neck, and my shirt was getting damp. Her white shirt clung to her body in places too, but we were both too busy battling the heat and equations to care.

– I hate this summer – she muttered, pouring us another glass of water.

– I hate it more – I replied, wiping my forehead. – But we’re not giving up on math.

After almost an hour, something started clicking for her. She solved two problems on her own, though with my hints. She smiled triumphantly, as if she’d just conquered Mount Everest.

– See? It’s not so bad – I said, smiling back.

We’d probably drunk half the pitcher, and the heat wasn’t letting up. After another half an hour of studying together, Ania suddenly sat up straight and put her pencil down on the table.

– I need to pee – she announced, looking at me with a slight smile.

I glanced at her and shook my head.

– No, not yet. Finish this problem first.

Surprise flashed across her face, but she went back to the paper, frowning. Five minutes later, she started squirming. She pressed her legs together, stretching them out one moment and crossing them the next, her movements betraying growing discomfort. Finally, she slipped a hand between her thighs and looked at me pleadingly.

– Seriously, I need to go.

– No – I said firmly. – You need to learn to solve problems in any condition. Life isn’t always comfortable.

She pursed her lips but kept writing. You could tell she was struggling – not just with the equations, but with the mounting pressure in her lower belly. She shifted in her chair constantly, her legs trembling, her breathing growing unsteady. After the next problem, she put the pencil down and gave me a questioning look.

– Why won’t you let me go pee? This is ridiculous!

I smiled faintly.

– Because during the matura, no one’s giving you a break mid-problem. You need to practice focus, even when something’s distracting you. Finish this last one.

She sighed heavily but tackled the next equation. Her hand shook, and her legs were clenched so tight her knuckles turned white. After about twenty minutes of torture, she finished everything I’d assigned. She tossed the paper onto the table and almost shouted:

– Okay, done! Can I go now? I’m about to pee my pants!

I looked at her with a slight smile.

– If you take them off, you won’t pee in them.

She froze. She stared at me in disbelief, then burst out laughing, though desperation glinted in her eyes.

– You’ve got some ideas… Fine, whatever, just let me go!

– We’re going together – I tossed out jokingly. – Since you won’t take your panties off, I’ll have to help you.

She froze for a moment, staring at me wide-eyed. She wasn’t sure if I was serious or just messing around. Finally, she laughed, but her voice trembled with tension.

– What, for real? – she said, standing up so fast she knocked over her glass. The leftover water spilled across the table, but she didn’t even notice. – Okay, whatever, just hurry, I can’t hold it!

I followed her. We passed through a narrow hallway, past the closed door to her parents’ bedroom. The bathroom was small, tiled in white with a crack in the corner. Ania stood by the toilet, still fidgeting. Her breathing quickened, and her hands shook as she lifted her shirt, exposing her stomach and underwear. I stepped closer, gently grabbed the elastic of her sweat-dampened panties, and slowly slid them down to her ankles. She looked at me with a mix of embarrassment and relief, then sat on the toilet. I leaned against the doorframe, watching as she let out a clear sigh and finally started to pee. The sound of the stream echoed in the tight space, and her face relaxed as the tension drained away.

When she finished, she reached for the toilet paper, tore off a piece, and wiped herself quickly. She stood, pulled her panties back up, flushed, and turned to me. Her cheeks were flushed – probably from the heat and embarrassment combined. She shot me a look that mixed annoyance and amusement.

– You’re insane, you know that? – she said, pushing past me to wash her hands in cold water. – But… I think some of those problems stuck in my head.

I grinned wider.

– See? I told you focus is key. Even in conditions like that.

She rolled her eyes, but a smile tugged at the corners of her mouth.

– So – I asked, leaning against the bathroom doorframe – next topic, or are you done for today?

Ania returned to the living room, sat at the table, and poured herself another glass of water from the pitcher. The heat and that math-and-bathroom ordeal had clearly worn her out. She took a few sips, wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, and looked at me with a faint smile.

– Maybe that’s enough – she said, leaning back in her chair. – We’ll get back to math… maybe tomorrow?

– Sure, we’ve still got time – I replied. – What did you do this summer, besides stressing about the matura?

She smiled, but something melancholic flickered in her eyes.

– Nothing special. Mostly stayed home, sometimes went out with friends in town. We went to the lake once, but it rained, so we ended up sitting under a shelter, talking about nonsense. And… – she hesitated – I thought about this math stuff. You know it’s killing me.

– Relax – I said, waving a hand. – Today was a good start. Tomorrow we’ll keep going, maybe with fractions or something simple. Step by step, Ania.

She nodded, then finished her water.

– Okay, tomorrow it is. But no stunts like today, got it? – she said with a smirk, nodding toward the bathroom.

I laughed, then looked at her with mock seriousness.

– I don’t know, no promises – I said, winking. – Might have to check if you’ve hidden a cheat sheet in your panties…

Ania froze for a second, then rolled her eyes, though her lips twitched into a smile.

– You’re impossible – she shot back, throwing a crumpled napkin from the table at me. – As if you’d find anything in there but sweat in this heat.

– I think I could find something interesting – I teased, careful not to push too far. She gave me a stern look, but soon her face broke into laughter.

– Seriously, behave tomorrow, or I’ll throw something heavier at you – she added, faking a glare, though her eyes sparkled with amusement.

– Fine, fine, I’ll be good – I raised my hands in surrender. – But only if you promise not to chew your pencil down to nothing.

She burst out laughing, and I joined her. The vibe between us lightened even more, as if the heat and exhaustion faded into the background. The humidity still pressed down – sweat beaded on our temples, and Ania’s shirt still clung to her in spots – but it somehow felt less oppressive. Maybe it was the water we’d downed (probably a liter by now), or maybe it was knowing tomorrow was another day. With math, jokes, and something that was starting to feel like an odd but cool friendship.

– So, see you tomorrow? – I asked, gathering the textbook and papers from the table.

– Yeah – she nodded, brushing a damp strand of hair from her forehead. – But no weird stuff this time, okay?

– I’ll try – I winked, and she just shook her head, still smiling.

