The Only Stall Was Taken

Author: wetpolkadots

*000*2021-12-04 18:00

Oh fuck, I left my dick at home.

It might seem like an unusual thought. But for Skylar, it was just reality. He was a transgender man, a busy graduate student who also worked to keep a roof over his head. Sometimes that meant rushing out the door to get to his shift without having the time to grab his stand-to-pee packer, a device shaped like a penis and worked as a sort of funnel that allowed him to use urinals. Sometimes his busy schedule also meant drinking lots of coffee throughout his shift at the coffeeshop. Sometimes it meant not realizing how much he’d had to drink until times like now, when he was at Malwart with a cart full of items.

It was really a minor annoyance, though. Skylar was used to using the stall at times like this. It just made him a little uncomfortable to sit to pee while other guys were around, but he’d be okay.

He left his cart and pushed open the door to the small bathroom at the back of the store. Someone was at the urinal peeing, which sent a twinge to his bladder: he really had to go now His heart sank when he saw that there was only one stall, and it was occupied.

No big deal, he told himself. I can wait another few minutes.

Right on cue, a sudden wave of desperation hit him, and he pressed his legs together, sealing himself shut. Okay, maybe I need to go worse than I thought, he admitted to himself. He thought of the coffee at work earlier, the way it flowed as it was poured from the carafe into his cup, and wished he could feel his pee flowing out like that.

Tapping his foot impatiently, he studied himself in the mirror. His stocky build and full beard meant there was no chance of rushing into the women’s restroom, and this store didn’t have a family restroom or any other options. Well, he’d seen a bucket in the hallway leading to the bathrooms, he thought half-jokingly. His light skinny jeans were tight around his legs, and the black shirt tucked into it was too short to cover up any stains.

He’d just have to hold it.

He winced when the man who had been peeing zipped up and blasted on the tap to wash his hands.The rush of the water made his need to pee so much worse. He wanted to reach between his legs and hold himself, but he couldn’t make it obvious what he needed to do, or guys would question why he wasn’t just using the urinal.

Finally, the other man left. The guy in the stall, however, wasn’t going anywhere. Five minutes came and went, and Skylar’s need was starting to become more and more urgent. The waves of desperation were getting more frequent now, and when they came, he bent double and held on for dear life with every muscle in his body. He needed relief, and he needed it now.

He was doing that when a pair of men came in. As he’d predicted, they looked at him strangely; his obviously intense need to pee was out of place in a bathroom where relief was right there.

“Dude, you okay?” one asked. “Just use the urinal.”

Skylar turned beet red. “I have--” A pussy. “A medical condition, and I need the stall.”

That seemed to satisfy them; the man who’d asked made a sympathetic grunt. He and his friend went to opposite sides of the line of urinals, unzipped, and started peeing. The pair of powerful streams, combined with the contented sigh of the first man--he must have had to go for awhile--was torture for Skylar. No longer able to care about his dignity, he squeezed his thighs together hard and started shifting from foot to foot.

Testosterone had increased Skylar’s libido as well as grown his clit into a sizable t-dick, and this was about the point that he could no longer ignore the way that squeezing his thighs together the way he was felt good on it. Like, really good. It was embarrassing to get off in a public place, but he couldn’t help it; he really had to pee, and if he opened his legs he’d pee himself. He needed to pee, but he was also feeling a mounting need to rush into that stall and finish himself off before going back to running his errands.

That stall which, of course, was still occupied.

The two guys finished up, and this time when the taps turned on it was horrible. It cued an intense rush of desperation from his bladder right to his peehole, and despite his best, most valiant attempts to hold on, a spurt of pee leaked out. He had no choice but to grab himself as hard as he could over his pants, praying that what he lacked there wouldn’t become obvious. The last thing he needed right now was a fight over his right to take a piss in the men’s room, because the women’s sure as hell wouldn’t let him in. He bent over slightly, bending and unbending his knees. He needed to go, and he needed to go now.

“Hey, uhhh, feel better, man,” said one of the guys as he headed out.

“Thanks,” Skylar squeaked out as he held himself tightly.

His mission right now was to distract himself by thinking about something else. Anything else. Thinking about how much he needed to pee wouldn’t make the stall open. Hmm. While searching for a topic to think about, he rocked into his hand and gasped from the pressure of his palm against his micro-erection. Okay, maybe this will help. He began to press his hand more firmly between his legs, starting to rub, biting his lip to keep from moaning--

What was he thinking? There was someone in that stall, they could come out at any moment. He just had to hold it. And then his thoughts rocketed right back to the problem at hand: he just had to hold it, and he wasn’t sure if he could anymore.

His eyes traveled over to the urinal. Maybe if he squatted just right, he could make it. Of course, if someone came in he’d be completely busted, but maybe the relief was worth it when the alternative was pissing all down his jeans.

Slowly, eyes trained on the door, he unbuckled his belt, allowing his completely full bladder to protrude out from his slight frame. That in itself was a little relief, but he still needed to go NOW.

He strode over to the urinal and unzipped his jeans. A small leak rushed out as he began to lower his pants--

Voices! Coming down the hall! Skylar quickly re-zipped his jeans and was doing up his belt when the door opened. With him standing directly in front of a urinal. His heart sank when he realized there were only two things a normal person would be doing in front of a urinal: pissing, or finish up.

And he couldn’t piss.

His legs shook, thighs squeezed tightly together and hips swaying back and forth in a way that he hoped didn’t show how clearly and desperately he still needed to go, as he made his way over to the sinks. He turned the tap on. The rush of water was enough to make him nearly double over, but he couldn’t; instead a spurt of piss escaped him and he quickly . He hoped it wouldn’t show. Gingerly he set his hands under the sink, praying for the stall door to open. The rush of water hitting his hands was sheer torture. He gasped as he stood there, legs squeezed tight, running tortuous water all over his hands.

He’d never had to go this bad. Not even on that backpacking trip when he had to wade through ankle-deep water while slowly leaking into his boxer briefs, kicking himself for skipping the last bathroom break while he’d been drinking so much water, knowing they had at least another half mile to go before setting up camp. He’d finally blurted out “Guys, I’m so sorry, I just need a second” before rushing off into the trees, and of course it had taken an eternity to find a private enough tree. The feeling of finally shrugging his pants down, spreading his legs, and letting go, though, had been nothing short of orgasmic. The strong stream of piss hitting the tree was such a beautiful sight.

God, no, he had to think about anything else. Not how much he had to go. Now how overwhelmingly, all-consumingly, desperately he had to go. No, it was too late to even try to think of anything else. All he could think of was the sound of the men peeing, and the hiss of the water rushing over his hands, and the need to go absolutely right this fucking second.

He wanted to grab himself and sink to the floor, rocking back and forth on one ankle, do whatever he needed to do to hold it in. No--he wanted to piss right in the sink. The thought caused another leak to emerge, and there was definitely a wet spot somewhere on him now. But instead he had to keep rubbing his hands together under the water.

And just as Skylar was losing all hope, the stall door opened. A pale and sweaty man emerged. Skylar’s heart sang. Slowly, leaking slightly with every step, he made his way across the bathroom to the stall, squeezing his legs together the whole way. It was way too late to preserve his dignity, but hopefully not too late to preserve his pants.

Just as Skylar secured the lock, he was hit by another powerful wave of desperation. He groaned aloud, bending over and squeezing his hands tightly between his legs. He held on to his crotch for dear life, waiting to for the wave to pass so he could make his way over to the toilet, which, ugh, was right there and still out of reach because he didn’t dare take a step.

Someone else started peeing in the urinal, and that was enough. Despite his best efforts and his hand grabbing his crotch firmly, Skylar’s bladder finally gave up. His eyes widened when he felt the wet spot in his underwear growing. “Shit, shit, shit,” he whispered to himself, tears pricking his eyes as he walked with squeezed legs to the toilet, completely unable to turn off the stream that was already flowing out of him and darkening his jeans. He fumbled with his belt and his zipper, feeling piss roll down his legs in rivulets as he did, and his zipper was stuck oh god his zipper was stuck even as he had to go so bad it was already flowing out of him.

With great pain and by squeezing his muscles as tightly as possible he managed to cut off the flow, but the intensity of his desperation was almost too much to deal with. He struggled with the zipper for another few absolutely agonizing seconds, then finally, finally, finally it worked. He pulled his pants down and sat on the toilet.

It felt so good to finally release the contents of his exhausted bladder. Skylar leaned back on the toilet tank and moaned, not caring who else in the public bathroom heard. Before he knew it, his hand was between his legs, and he was touching himself as he peed. The piss was a long one, and by the time the loud, aggressive stream tampered down to a low trickle his body was shuddering and his hips were bucking into his hand. He came hard and silent as the last of the pee escaped his body.

He sat there for a few blissful moments, then sat up to examine the damage. Those boxer briefs were going in the trash can. There was a huge wet spot on his pants, mostly concentrated between his legs and spreading up his ass, but he could hide it if he took off his hoodie and tied it around his waist. Skylar abandoned his cart outside the bathroom, hurried to the car, and went straight home to shower and change, vowing silently to wear his packer next time.

