Housemates: Life of the Party

Author: Weasel

*000*2019-02-08 06:04

Hey, folks. A little longer and a little omo-ier this time. Enjoy it while it lasts...

But first, the usual links to the previous stories $$.

###

February faded into March at last, and with March came mail for Meagan. First was a thin envelope from Stanford, expressing regrets—and second was a thicker one from the University of Illinois, expressing congratulations. Parker felt the worry-cloud lift, just a little. Then, in the same week, two more big envelopes arrived, one postmarked Los Angeles and the other postmarked Ann Arbor. Others followed, generally pretty big.

“I got in,” Meagan said for the fourth time, surrounded by her congratulator mail. “I got in to Michigan and Washington and UCLA…!”

Parker hugged her again. “I am so proud of you,” he said—and it was true. But UCLA and the University of Washington were making him uneasy.

“We need to celebrate, beautiful,” said Dacy. “We need to celebrate in a serious way.”

“Fuckin’ aye we do,” Meagan said. “I have worked so fuckin’ hard for this. I have earned my alcohol!”

“And then some, I’d say,” Parker murmured.

“I’m not going to ask where you’re going yet because I know you have no idea,” Dacy said, “and I think we should make a ‘Don’t ask’ rule for the party. A party foul for sure.”

“Oh, I love the way you think,” Meagan said.

“Should we have a theme?”

“Hmmm… generalized triumph?”

“A ‘we are the champions’ party? We can do that. When?”

“Is this weekend too soon?”

“Well, here’s the question, do you want this to be a classic Franklin House blowout? Or do you want it to be just you and your closest friends?”

“Why can’t it be a blowout for my friends?”

“Blowouts require at least a hundred people,” Parker put in. “It’s state law.”

Meagan grinned. “And who’s to say I don’t have a hundred friends?”

“Well, even if you don’t, you’re still in the ‘shindig’ bracket.”

“Well, that’s mighty fine. Dacy, I want to invite everyone I know.”

“Okay, that might take some organizing. Can we put it off until next weekend? Just four days is a little too tight. Not a lot of time to line up kegs and get the decorations. We’ll put it up on Facebook, that’ll save time on the invites… oooh, question. Toga party? That would simplify.”

“Ummm—no.”

“Laurel wreaths fit with victory and are commonly associated with toga parties.”

“Still no.”

“Okay! I’ll need to branch out a little…”

“I have great faith in you.”

###

In the end, Dacy outdid herself.

The first thing she did was get the Facebook event organized; the second thing she did was hit both eBay and every thrift store she could find for old trophies, medals, and paraphernalia and apparel from championship teams (of any level). She lined up a keg of PBR (“It won a blue ribbon, after all!”). She draped Franklin’s main room with posters of Olympians, Super Bowl winners, and “Congratulations!” signs. Guests were instructed to come in appropriate garb.

To get themselves ready, the Franklin House crew (or at least those who were drinkers) each knocked back a shot of gin. Then Dacy produced Meagan’s costume for the evening: yes, a crown of laurels. (The rest of what Meagan was wearing: a faded “2002 National Champions Ohio State” t-shirt, and her usual jeans.) She immediately put the crown on, said “I’ll drink to that!” and took another shot. Then she added, “Whew, that’s enough of the hard stuff for me, I think…” She did indeed switch to beer thereafter, alternating with swigs from her veteran water bottle.

As more people flowed in, the party started ramping up. There was music and dancing and beer pong. After a time there was an outcry for Meagan to take her turn at the latter, and so she and Dacy teamed up against Trav and Clark, who had won the previous match. Since Dacy and Clark were dating, sparks flew, words were exchanged, and the battle was well and truly on. After Clark sank a couple of early shots, Dacy began distracting him with cleavage. She was wearing a dress that was, for once, long enough—but also fairly low-cut. She must have been wearing a truly rugged bra, because despite all the bouncing and dancing she never actually popped out.

But said bra was doing a marvelous job of highlighting her already-impressive cleavage, and Parker didn’t know how on Earth Clark could concentrate. Parker certainly couldn’t, especially after Dacy roped Meagan into her “seductive distracting” attempts too. In perhaps her most impressive feat of the game, Dacy managed to catch an overshot ball with her boobs, which won considerable applause and a whoop from Zephyr, but even such heroics couldn’t win the game and soon the girls had drained all their little red cups. Meagan came over to where Parker was leaning against the wall, took a drink from her actual beer cup (helpfully labeled “FOR GRAD STUDENTS ONLY” in black Sharpie), took a different drink from her water bottle, kissed Parker thoroughly, and then cuddled up to him.

“Hey,” he said.

“Hey.”

“I was rooting for you.”

“Darn straight you were.”

“You fought the good fight.”

“All my throwing skills have been thrown off by playing Ultimate so long. I can only throw things that are flat now! I have no idea at all about arc…”

“Heh. Nice one.”

“What?”

“ ‘Thrown off.’ ”

“…Yeeeessss. I totally meant that. Well done spotting it,” she said, with a shifty look.

“I love you,” he said, and kissed her hair just below her crown.

“Love you too. Want proof?”

“Hmmm?”

She leaned in to whisper, “Gotta pee.”

“After all that beer, I’m not surprised in the slightest.”

“If I pee now, though, I’ll break the seal.”

“Such a conundrum.”

“I guess I’ll just have to hold it.”

“That’s too bad.”

“Isn’t it just? C’mon, let’s dance.”

“One way or another,” he murmured in her ear. She laughed, caught him in her arms, and swung him into the dancing.

The music was victory-themed too, but only to a point; one could only play “We Are the Champions,”

“Eye of the Tiger,” and “Nothing’s Gonna Stop Us Now” so often. Chumbawamba’s biggest hit featured prominently, but it gave way to Franz Ferdinand’s “Take Me Out,” and “All Star” faded into “Hey Ya!”—which is not exactly a victorious song once one listens to the lyrics. But Meagan was reveling in every moment, her hair fanning out around her as she moved.

She managed to hold it a surprisingly long time, perhaps because her dancing served more than one purpose. But she couldn’t keep dancing forever, and finally she pulled Parker out of the crowd. She leaned back against the nearest wall, steadying herself with one hand, and pulled him toward her by the shirt with the other. She kissed him long and hard, then said, “So, wanna reenact our first meeting?”

“In the bathroom?”

“Exactly. Only this time I get to pee there. C’mon.”

She led him by the hand to the big downstairs bathroom, which as usual had the keg set up with ice in the shower. Mitchell was manning the keg at this point. “Gotta pee!” Meagan announced as they entered.

“Here?” Mitchell said.

“It’s my party and I’ll piss where I want to,” Meagan answered. “Heh, I like that…”

“I’ll clear out, then,” Mitchell said.

“Oh, no need,” Meagan said, undoing her belt.

“Uh—you’re sure?”

“I have nothing to hide!” she proclaimed grandly with a sweep of her arm. And then, to Parker’s startlement, she dropped her pants and panties and seated herself on the toilet.

“Here, lover,” she said. She grabbed his hand and held it to her chest, which did serve to keep him between her and those seeking beer, but mostly it served for him to feel, more than hear, her sigh of relief and the relaxation of tension. She calmly wiped, stood, re-clothed herself, and flushed. Then she kissed him. “I love you,” she said. “I’m so lucky I met you here. Right here in this room.”

“I’m so lucky that wasn’t the last time I ever saw you.”

“Yeah, that too.”

“Let’s hear it for hedgehogs.”

“Yay hedgehogs!” She led him by the hand into and down the hallway toward Trav and Lucy’s room. She leaned against the wall again, pulled him close, and made out with him for a while. She might have kept them there longer, but then they heard Zephyr saying, “Eww, get a room!”

“Got one already!” Meagan shot back.

“Well, use it!”

“That’s all the way upstairs! It’s my party, I’ll kiss where I want to.”

“I’m sensing a theme,” Parker murmured.

“It’s a good theme. I like it.”

“Well, okay," Zephyr said, "but when you’re done I want you as my partner for more beer pong.”

“Oh, shit, I didn’t realize it was an emergency! I’ll drop everything… which I guess means Parker…”

“Hey!”

Zephyr laughed. “We’ve got next game, that’s all.”

Their opponents were a rather sloshed couple of guys, Gavin and Luis, friends of Meagan’s from the Psych department. Meagan continued to be unable to throw a ball on an arc (at one point she tried to use her Ultimate skills, and rather than sinking the ball she caroomed it off of Cara’s head as she passed by), so Zephyr had to do most of the actual scoring—and she wasn’t much good either. But since the other two guys were not the best at fine motor skills at the moment, the game moved a little slowly.

Then Zephyr took a page from Dacy’s defensive-distraction playbook and upped the ante: just as Gavin was about take a shot, Zephyr flashed him. This did indeed make his shot go rather wild, so after Meagan took her turn (and missed again), Zephyr repeated the tactic with Luis. Then she sank a ball and, screaming with triumph, pulled a Brandi Chastain and stripped off her shirt. But unlike Chastain, Zephyr wasn’t wearing a bra. Nor did she put her shirt back on, instead posing in profile to ruin Gavin’s throw.

When Meagan realized what was going on, she yelped and clapped her hands over Zephyr’s breasts. But Zephyr simply laughed and said, “Oooh, even better.” She grabbed Meagan’s hands in hers, holding them caught, and took a step back against Meagan, thrusting her butt back against Meagan’s crotch and grinding a bit. Gavin’s next throw missed the table entirely.

Meagan pulled her hands away, but Zephyr refused to put her shirt back on—and kept encouraging Meagan to take off her own. Meagan didn’t, to Parker’s relief—nor did Zephyr repeat her bump-and-grind performance. But Meagan did strike a pose or two, and didn’t object when Zephyr draped an arm over her shoulder or around her waist for the sake of distraction.

With Meagan’s lack of skill and Gavin’s mind being elsewhere, it really came down to Zephyr versus Luis, and Zephyr won by one cup. Since the game was really just an excuse to get more beer into them, however, everyone was a winner! Or at least so Zephyr claimed. Having drunk several cups of beer, Meagan announced she was cutting herself off—at least for a while. She had a lot of water to catch up on, however, and she kept sipping from her bottle. Zephyr drank a little water too, at Meagan’s urging—and then the beer started hitting them both in earnest, from two directions.

Zephyr’s behavior was getting wilder. She hadn’t put her shirt back on. It was pretty warm in the house, with all the people, but still, she was mostly flaunting. Parker just couldn’t figure out who she was flaunting for. Was she hitting on Gavin? Gavin seemed to think so, for he’d stayed pretty close. Or was it for Parker? For Zephyr was staying pretty close to him and Meagan. Zephyr’s jokes got raunchier and her poses more explicit and her movements less coordinated. And then she burst out, “Oh fuck, I gotta piss!”

###

To be continued...

*003*2019-02-10 22:00

Part 2 of 3

###

“Go on, then, you know where the bathroom is,” Meagan said.

Zephyr got up and tried to walk over, and discovered she was far too unsteady to walk unassisted. Leaning on the beer-pong table (to the consternation of the current players) she held out both hands to Meagan. “Help me!”

“Might as well, I gotta go too,” Meagan said. But she was a little wobbly as well, so she turned to Parker. “C’mon lover, help us out.”

So Parker found himself with both Meagan and Zephyr leaning on him as he attempted to steer them toward the bathroom.

The nearest one was the big one with the keg in it, of course, and Zephyr flatly refused to pee there. She was squirming all over the place while clinging to Parker’s arm, which resulted in a whole lot of boob contact, but she refused to pee there. An attempt at backtracking so they could go upstairs brought them face to face with the dancing crowd in the front room, which looked impenetrable for the three of them together, and so Meagan said, “Nope! Let’s go out the back.” As they retraced their steps Zephyr was whimpering and clutching herself with her free hand. Meagan didn’t seem to be locking down so much, but that didn’t mean she didn’t need to go; she seemed pretty antsy too.

It could have been sexy as hell. It should have been sexy as hell.

Out in the back yard the cold air hit them. It was still early March, after all, and while the days were growing longer and warmer, the nights still had a lot of winter’s bite to them. The cold reached right into all three of their bladders and squeezed. Parker hadn’t even realized he’d needed to pee until he had to clench up. How it felt for the girls he couldn’t imagine, but Zephyr bent double and squealed. More astonishing, Meagan tried to lock down—he could feel her struggling to do so, since she had her arm around his shoulders—but apparently failed. She had to quickly cross her legs. To make matters even worse, two guys were peeing freely on the grass.

“Fuck goin’ upstairs,” Meagan said, with more than her usual drawl. “I’m pissin’ righ’ here.” And, suiting the action to the word, she popped a squat. Or she tried to, at least. But she had to lean against the wall to keep from slowly toppling over while she unzipped her pants, and then getting them down around her knees was a longer process than usual, and once that was managed she didn’t even really squat so much as sink down the wall to a more-or-less sitting position and let fly, not even looking to see if her clothes were out of the way. Fortunately, they were (mostly).

Zephyr, on the other hand, was making no move to follow Meagan’s example. She looked miserably desperate, with tears in her eyes, but instead of squatting she was doing the most frantic pee dance Parker had ever seen on a girl. The squirming was simply incredible. She got her whole body into it, legs dancing, feet stamping, fists clenched tight on wildly swinging arms. With her hair tied back in a ponytail, that was swinging too. Parker’s mind flashed back to one of the “waiting in line” pictures he’d seen on Shara and Ger’s website, helpfully captioned by the photographer, ending in the line, “She cannot stand still—yum!” Since she was topless, he also couldn’t help but notice that her nipples were rock-hard.

“Zeph, jus’ pee here!” Meagan said. “No one’ll mind.”

I don’t know about that, Parker thought.

“I can’t! I can’t! We gotta go upstairs, I’m gonna pee in my pants!”

Meagan’s piss was the usual big blast, so she was tailing off quickly. Rather than getting up, however, Meagan simply grabbed one of Zephyr’s swinging fists. (Parker noted with a rush of respect and appreciation that his girlfriend had not lost all her coordination; it was basically a classic Ultimate one-handed grab.) She pulled Zephyr over to her side and dragged the desperate girl down next to her. “You’re peein’ here!” she ordered. “In your pants or on the ground, I don’t care, but jus’ do it! Parker, turn aroun’.”

He did so quickly, relieved—and disappointed. He heard unzipping jeans and then a hiss of a new stream. Zephyr’s piss sounded noticeably different from Meagan’s—it was higher-pitched and seemed to produce more splatter. It also took a lot longer.

“Whew, you’re still going?” Meagan said, apparently re-zipping her own jeans. “You’ve got a lot in you! I’ll bet you didn’t break the seal before now, didja?”

“Nope.”

“Feels good, right?” Meagan said.

“So good,” Zephyr said, her voice a little throaty with pleasure. Her stream finally slowed to a trickle (but didn’t altogether stop).

“It’s like comin’, sometimes,” Meagan said, “after you’ve held it so long.”

Zephyr giggled. “I never noticed that!”

I have. So many times.

Finally Zeph’s trickle came to complete stop, and there was the sound of rustling clothes.

“Um. A lil’ help, lover?” Meagan asked.

Parker turned around—and realized that the two of them were having a hard time getting Zephyr’s pants up while also keeping themselves upright. Her underwear was mostly up—but not quite, revealing a shock of dark pubic hair just over the waistband of her slightly askew panties. Her jeans were caught somehow. And of course she was still topless. Zephyr quickly covered her crotch with one hand.

“Um, what do you want me to do?” Parker said.

“Oh, I see,” Meagan said. “All right, I’ll do it, you jus’ hold me up, hon.”

This he could do, and do so by staring down at her wonderful neck and shoulders without looking at Zephyr’s nakedness.

He got the two of them back inside somehow, back inside and seated on sturdy, non-wobbly chairs by the beer pong table. Then he went back outside and had his own quick piss. It wasn’t hard, since he wasn’t hard. He stopped by the keg on his way back in, since he’d only had one beer so far, carefully nursed. He had no real desire to catch up with the girls, especially as they seemed to need him mostly sober at this point. But he’d noticed that Trav had a game going in his room, so instead of going back to Meagan and Zephyr, he watched the guys play Xbox for a while, still just sipping.

After twenty minutes or so he thought he’d better check on the girls again. He didn’t particularly want to, but his responsibility overpowered his reluctance.

When he got back out, Meagan was gone, and Gavin had taken her seat. He had an arm around her shoulder and was whispering in her ear. Parker stopped a few feet away, trying to process what was niggling him at the back of his brain.

Well, for one thing, you’d rather be sitting there, clearly staring at her tits…

For another thing, she doesn’t look all that comfortable.

As he watched, Gavin reached over with his free hand. It looked like he was trying to go for a gentle, sexy caress. It ended up being a drunken pawing. Zephyr didn’t pull away—but she instantly stiffened.

Parker glanced around. It was mostly guys in the room by now; the girls seemed to have moved over to dancing. And nobody seemed to be batting an eye.

Okey-doke, my path is clear. “Hey.”

They both looked up at him: Gavin, half-confused and half-annoyed, and Zephyr, clearly relieved.

Parker couldn’t come up with a good follow-on, so instead he simply stared at Gavin.

“Is there a problem?” Gavin said. It came out slightly more belligerent than he might have meant it, more You got a problem with me, buddy?

“Zephyr, you okay?” Parker asked, finally getting something sensible out of his mouth.

Zephyr hesitated. It looked like she was feeling very much not okay, but was reluctant to say so.

“I got your water, hon,” Meagan said from over Parker’s shoulder.

“Oh, thank you!” Zephyr said. As if her friend’s words somehow released her from a spell, she jumped up out of her chair and took the cup Meagan held in both hands.

“Wanna go upstairs for a bit?” Meagan asked.

“Sure.”

“Parker, can you make sure Gavin can find his way out?” Meagan said.

Well, great. I get to handle the drunken asshole. But Meagan had reminded him of a good tactic: sheer distraction. “Dang, it’s hot in here. Wanna go outside for a minute, man?”

Gavin nodded, looking more confused now than anything else. Parker led him down the back hall and they stood outside for a bit, cooling off.

“Dude,” Gavin said.

“What?”

“You totally cock-blocked me.”

“Man, she obviously didn’t want to be with you,” Parker said.

“You don’t know that.”

“It was all in her body language, man. You didn’t notice her tensing up?”

Gavin looked more perplexed than ever. “No?”

Parker realized in a sudden flash that a few years before, he might not have noticed Zephyr’s discomfort, either. The way she tensed up was very similar to the way Meagan locked down when she was getting desperate, and he was now well-trained in spotting that.

Heck, I might not have been paying attention at all when he put his hand on her, except I’ve been watching Zephyr for a while now, trying to see if she’s uncomfortable—just for a different reason.

“Trust me, man, I know her, I’ve lived with her a while now,” Parker said. “She wasn’t coming on to you, and she wasn’t cool with you coming on to her.”

“But she took her shirt off…”

“Yeah, well, one: that’s normal for her. Two: it might not have been for you.”

“You mean Luis?” Gavin said.

Or me. “Yeah, sure, maybe. I dunno. Maybe she was just too hot. All I know is, she didn’t look happy when you had your arm around her.”

“Aw, shit, I didn’t know… I didn’t mean…”

“Hey, you crossed a line, but just be glad you didn’t go any further than that, huh?”

“Yeah, I guess…”

“You’re welcome. You play Xbox? We’ve got one set up.”

“Nah, man… I think I’ll just go home…”

“Take care.”

Parker watched until Gavin had made it across the street (a bit of a tricky task, but less so on a Saturday night), then went in the side door and up the stairs, looking for his ladies. He found them in bed. Meagan was sitting on their bed, leaning against the headboard, and Zephyr was lying across the bed with her head in Meagan’s lap. Meagan was gently stroking her friend’s hair.

“Hey, everyone okay up here?” Parker asked.

“We’re good, love, thank you. Is Gavin gone?”

“Yeah, I made sure he’s across the street.”

“Thank you so much. Can you give us a minute? I’ll be back down in a while.”

“Sure.”

Parker went back downstairs to Trav’s room and watched the gaming for a while longer, leaning on the doorframe. But his mind wasn’t really focused on Trav and Clark’s playing. Instead he was thinking about how close he’d come to missing the whole thing—and how every other guy in the room seemed to have missed it, too. Heck, Gavin himself read the situation wrong.

If I weren’t so tuned in to Zeph’s body these days…

Naw, let’s be honest here. If I didn’t want to do what he was doing—only maybe with her as desperate as she was earlier…

Shit, what am I doing? I’m almost as bad as him.

But at least I saw what was going on. Nobody else did. None of those guys cared. Or they thought he was gettin’ it on and decided to let him. How much have I missed, since I just never had a reason to look?

He was still simmering over that when Meagan slipped an arm around his waist. “Hey, love. You okay?”

“Just thinking.”

“You look like you’re overthinking.”

“Maybe.”

“You did a good thing.”

For all the wrong reasons.

“Wanna dance?” she asked.

“…Yeah.”

###

To be concluded...

*005*2019-02-15 05:35

Part 3 at last. Blame the site maintenance, it cut me off.

###

The music was, at Meagan’s direction, a little less raucous now. They could slow-dance to it, and they did so. But even having her arms around him couldn’t shut off the turmoil in Parker’s brain.

Not long later, Zephyr came downstairs too—with a shirt on, this time. The party was winding down a bit; the more distant friends were clearing out, and it was more the closer circle now. But Zephyr seemed to be putting the incident behind her by means of more revelry. She wasn’t drinking anymore, Parker noticed, but she asked to put on a more lively dance and threw herself into it. Meagan, Cara, Randy, and several other girls joined her; Parker stood to the side and held up the wall for a while, watching.

He watched all the girls. He watched their bodies. He tried to just watch Meagan, but it was impossible; someone else always caught his attention or crossed his line of vision. He tried to just watch eyes and faces, but the sway of breasts and hips was simply too distracting. And he clenched his fist so tight, he drove his nails into his palm.

Meagan had apparently decided to un-cut herself off; she took another beer from the keg and drank it fairly quickly, over just a quarter-hour or so. Parker had lost his second well-nursed cup some time ago and decided to just have half of another one. But then Zach handed him a full cup and he drank a little more. So before long he was a little buzzed and a little bleary, and passed a few minutes in a fog.

The house was less crowded now, but somehow that just made people cluster even tighter together. Some folks were still grooving to the music, but most of the Franklin folks had gathered in the kitchen. Meagan was sitting on the countertop, her eyes bright and cheerful; Zephyr was standing beside her, laughing; most of the rest of the crew was in there, too. Cara was trying to make French fries from the bag she had in the freezer, but had apparently decided she wanted them to be garlic fries, and this (plus alcohol) was making the process rather more elaborate.

Meagan held out a hand to Parker as he stepped into the kitchen, flailing at the wrist a little, and he stepped over to her side. Since she was now a bit higher up than him, she could caress his head and neck with ease, and did so. Not long after he stepped into the kitchen, she said, “Fuck, gotta pee again!” She raised her clenched fists in mock fury.

“Beeeeeer!” And when she laid her hand back on his neck, she pinched him quickly to show him what she was up to.

She waited a while, but apparently the beer and the water were too much, or breaking the seal had cut down on her natural resistance, and it was only a few minutes later that her hand clenched tightly on his shoulder. And a few minutes later still, she swore again and said, “I really can’t hold it.”

“Bathroom’s right around the corner,” Clark pointed out helpfully.

Meagan considered, then said: “Naaah, that’s too far away.” She bumped Parker with her hip. “Can you move over a bit, lover?” When he stepped a little away, she simply scooted herself along the countertop until she came to the sink, and unzipped her jeans.

“You’re really gonna piss in the sink?” Cara yelped.

“It’s my party and I’ll piss where I want to!”

“That’s so unsal—uns—unsanitary!”

“Oh, like you’ve never done it,” Meagan shot back, wriggling her underwear down just enough.

“No, I haven’t!”

“I have!” Dacy said, raising the hand that she didn’t have clinched tight against Clark.

“Me too,” Miranda said. “What?” she said, as people turned toward her. “Big family, small house. Sometimes you just gotta go.”

“Exactly!” Meagan said, as she began peeing. “Mmmmmm, peeing feels nice.”

“On that note,” Zach said, and negotiated his way out of the crowded kitchen.

“Does it feel nicer because you’re using the sink?” Zephyr asked, her eyes alight and grinning.

“Kinda!” Meagan asked. “There’s a kick in it, yeah. (Hand me a paper towel, love?) Breakin’ the rules. I’m a rebel.”

“An unsanitary rebel!”

“Best kind!”

“I’ll support you, Meagan! Atta girl!” Zephyr said, clapping. “Fight the power!”

“Aww, what the hell,” Dacy said. “Scoot over.” As Meagan obligingly moved out of the way, Dacy jumped up on the rim of the sink next to her, pulled the hem of her dress out of the way, and let go as well.

“No underwear, Dacy?” Zephyr said.

“A lady never tells,” Dacy said demurely—as demurely as anyone could while pissing in the sink and nearly falling out of her low-cut dress as she leaned forward for balance.

“Now, you see, I feel like I’d be criticized for doing this,” Clark said.

“Nah, it’s just that you guys can piss anywhere you damn well please already,” Meagan replied, jumping down off the countertop so she could wriggle her jeans the rest of the way back up.

“But pissing in a sink seems trashy for men. There’s an odor of ‘alcoholic hobo’ to it, somehow. Whereas in the case we’ve just witnessed, it’s seen as daring and racy. A bit of a double standard, really. Perhaps with a patriarchal bargain thrown in, as the participants are young and attractive…”

“You’ve either had too much to drink or not enough,” Dacy said, and jumped down to kiss him.

Cara managed to get the French fries out just as most of the remaining dancers straggled home, forcing the Franklin House folks to eat them themselves. But after just a few, Meagan shook her head. “These are delicious, Cara, but I’m so full of beer,” she said. “Even PBR can get to you after a while…”

“No offense taken!”

“Time to go up, hon?” Meagan asked.

“Yeah, sounds good.”

“Thank you all so much for the party,” Meagan said, clasping her hands together earnestly. “Especially you, Dacy. I love you. I love you all. This was amazing. Drink lots of water and I’ll see you in the morning.”

They went upstairs.

As the door of their room closed, Meagan turned around and kissed him passionately. “I love you most of all,” she said. “Want me to show you how much?”

“Sure.”

She stripped them both naked and broke out the lube. But he seemed to be having a hard time with getting hard, so to speak. She lay down next to him and worked on him for a bit, and started talking to him as she did.

“I drank a lot for you tonight,” she said, “and held it for you, too. As long as I could. Remember me not even being able to make it upstairs? Having to piss out back?”

She retold several of the incidents in the evening—working around Zephyr and Dacy, he noticed. But at best he was barely more than flaccid; his cock flopped around in her hands, heavy with blood but not hard. She moved her storytelling back in time a bit, returning to their first time together, to the treehouse, to the planter box the summer before.

“Sorry,” he muttered.

“It’s okay. Beer can do that. I’m not worried.”

“I need to pee, too. That’s in the way a bit.”

“I need to go, too. Get rid of the last little bit. Want to go together? Would that help?”

He thought it over, and then said, “Nah. Go ahead.”

“’Kay.”

After they’d both peed separately, and brushed their teeth, she lay down beside him and cuddled up. “How are you feeling, lover?” she asked.

“A little weird.”

“It’s okay. It happens to every guy sometimes. It happened to you our first time together, remember? And beer does that. Don’t worry.”

It’s not that, he thought. He opened his mouth to say it, too—and shut it again.

###

The next morning he woke up with his cock in her mouth. She let go once she saw he was awake. “Oh good,” she said. “I really need to pee, and I wanted to wait for you.”

“It’s okay,” he said. “You can go.”

“You’re sure?” she said. “Totally sure? I mean, I really gotta go, still some water left over from last night in me, I think—but I can hold it until you come.”

“No. Go ahead.”

“Well—mmkay. It’ll be a relief, at least. It’s been a long twenty minutes waiting for you to wake up…”

She pulled her t-shirt back on (she was still wearing her sweatpants) and dashed off. She came back and straddled him. “Where were we? Mmmmm, should I tell you how nice it felt to piss just now…?”

After a few minutes it seemed he was still going to remain quite soft.

“I guess I’m not really in the mood,” Parker said. “God, that’s such a cliché, but…”

“No pressure,” she said, and went off to work out.

That night, however, she tried again.

“You really want me, don’t you?” Parker said.

“Like always,” she said. “But yeah, especially now. I know it hasn’t been that good lately. That’s why I was glad when I figured out you were jacking off again. Glad at first. But now that I know I’ve got next year lined up, I really did want to make love to you.” She wriggled a little. “And yeah, I’m pretty worked up. Now that the worry’s gone, I think my body wants to make up for lost time.”

“I’ll go down on you if you want.”

“I’d like that, yeah, but I also want you in me. It’s nice to come, but—how can I say it? There’s something connected about making love. About having you in me. Seeing you as I’m riding you.”

“Yeah.”

“That’s why I’ve been trying to turn you on with all this pissing and holding…”

Something clicked. “‘Trying’ is the right word, isn’t it? But it doesn’t seem to be working. I dunno why. It’s like my number-one turn-on, why is it turning me off now? It doesn’t make sense.”

“It’s sex, lover. It doesn’t ever make sense.” She paused. “I mean, yeah. Your kink and mine, they both make sense, considering. They’re all about control. Totally sexy. But there’s a lot of other stuff out there that doesn’t make sense at all. My eyes have seen things that I cannot unsee, and they are well and truly weird.”

“True. And sometimes… sometimes my kink is actually useful.”

“Hmmm?”

“The reason I realized that Zephyr was all tensed up when Gavin was coming onto her. It’s because I’m so used to watching you to see if you’re all tensed up.”

She smiled. “Well, thank god for your kink, then. But if you’d rather play it straight tonight…? Not bring holding in at all…?”

“Yeah. I think so.”

She pulled off her t-shirt, pulling her hair loose from it as she cast it aside. Since she was ready for bed, she was topless underneath. Something about that gesture, simple yet sexy, made him relax a little. She bent over him and placed his limp penis in between her breasts, gently rubbing him. Little by little, he began to stir. She grabbed some lube and kept going.

I wouldn’t be able to do this with Zephyr, he thought. Running around topless or not, hard nipples or not, she can’t do this. Hers aren’t big enough.

His body and mind eased their way into it. When he was hard enough, she moved to guide him into her, but he had her wait until they’d done a few minutes with the vibe. She got slick very fast (“Like I said, pretty worked up”).

And soon she was looking down on him as she rode him, just as she’d said—occasionally bending down to kiss him and have her breasts brush his chest—and this time, it worked out just fine.

###

End of Part 3

For all of you who read all the way to the end of this: stay tuned for an announcement re: the Meagan & Parker stories.

