Female Desperation School (Part 2)

Author: Wet Alice

*000*2011-05-03 20:37

Brenda flinched away from Kimiko's hand and looked Kimiko up and down, looking for any sign, any sign whatsoever that Kimiko wasn't serious. "Y-you mean it, don't you? You really mean it..." murmured Brenda unbelievingly. "You really do feel... feel s-sorry for me..." And then, bewildered and ashamed, Brenda burst into tears and fell forward onto her knees, wrapping her arms around Kimiko's waist and burying her face in Kimiko's chest and bawling, bawling with the shame of it all.

"Oh, Brenda..." murmured Kimiko, hugging her back, stroking her long red hair, ignoring the stench of Brenda's panties and let Brenda press her face into her almost nonexistent bosom. "Brenda..." she whispered again, and held her former tormentor close, letting the girl cry her heart out over all the horrible degradation she'd endured that day. For of all Brenda's classmates, Kimiko was the only one who could understand what she felt.

Finally, Brenda's sobs began to subside, and she became a little more aware of herself. "God, I hope no one sees me like this," Brenda moaned, sniffling. "It's so embarrassing."

Huh? More embarrassing than wetting yourself in class? thought Kimiko, bewildered, but she knew better than say it out loud. And then Kimiko blinked in astonishment as she suddenly realized that yes, for Brenda, breaking down and seeking comfort from someone else - especially someone whom she'd picked on days before - really was more embarrassing than going to the bathroom in her panties. "Come on, then," whispered Kimiko, helping Brenda to her feet. "I, do you want me to help you clean up?"

"S-sure," muttered Brenda, sounding uncertain of herself, but she allowed Kimiko to lead her to the showers. Her original burst of rage-fueled energy had left her, and she now walked slowly, in the waddling gait of a little girl with poopy panties. "Ugh... this is so gross..." she muttered.

"I know, Brenda," said Kimiko encouragingly. "Just keep going... we're almost there." She herself felt a little odd, trying to be the comforting one, but she had an example to look up to. Kimiko's roommate Bridget had helped her when she was feeling filthy and abused - now Kimiko was going to do the same for Brenda. It was as simple as that.

"Um... you can go now, Kimmy," Brenda said, as they walked into the showers. "I mean... ugh. Right, you're helping me clean up, right, right. Er... can you, uh, do it without looking? I mean..." Brenda was blushing hotly, and tugging down on the back of her skirt with both hands, clearly embarrassed at the idea of anyone seeing her soiled underwear.

"It's okay, Brenda," replied Kimiko, resting a hand on her shoulder reassuringly. "I, Mr. Johnson made me poop my panties too, you know. Twice." The dark-haired Asian cringed visibly at the memory, then forced herself to be cheerful again. "So, um, you know, I don't mind. Let me help?" The girl's hand moved down to Brenda's wrist, the slender fingers wrapping gently around it.

Brenda stood there uncertainly for a moment, her mouth working. Finally, she murmured, "A-all right," she said, letting go of her skirt again. "B-but you mustn't make fun, all right?"

Kimiko knelt down beside Brenda and carefully unfastened her skirt, lowering it to the ground. Then she winced at the sight of the sagging, heavy brown mess in Brenda's panties, staining the white cotton, bits of brown muck oozing out of the leg holes; almost as bad was the front of her panties, which showed several concentric yellow rings along her belly, showing the high-water marks of the poor redhead's many wettings. "Oh god..." said Kimiko. "Th-that looks so horrible... God, that must feel awful..."

Brenda sobbed. "D-don't remind me!" she whimpered, putting her face into her hands and stepping away, groaning as the foul muck oozed around against her ass.

"Oh, god, I'm sorry, Brenda," gasped Kimiko, remembering herself. "Here..." And with that, Kimiko carefully eased the soiled garment down Brenda's legs, careful not to let any more of the filth get on her. Then she took several handfuls of toilet tissue and wiped some of the shit off the back of Brenda's thighs and her bottom. "There..." she said, trying not to breathe through her nose. "G-go on and get in the shower... I'll be right there." Kimiko lifted the poopy panties off the floor again and began to rinse them in the toilet.

"O-okay," said Brenda, blushing. She finished undressing while Kimiko's back was turned, and climbed into the shower. She sighed softly as the soothing warm water sprayed her messy bottom, beginning to rinse away what was left - and then shrieked in surprise as the shower curtain moved again, covering her body with both hands.

"It, it's just me," said Kimiko timidly, blushing herself, just as naked. "Um. I... I just thought I'd help you wash up too. You know. Um, I don't have to if you don't want me to..." Kimiko backed up a step, reaching to close the shower curtain again.

"N-no... it's okay... come on in, Kimmy... you just surprised me, is all," said Brenda, lowering her hands again. Kimiko's blush deepened as she got a better look at Brenda's nude form. Her classmate wasn't quite as pretty as her roommate Bridget, but she was still very attractive - soft-looking, full breasts just large enough to be firm without support, athletic thighs, a bushy tuft of hair 'down there'. Kimiko swallowed, and stepped into the shower, and began to soap Brenda's bottom with trembling, uncertain hands. She'd never touched another girl like this before, and she didn't understand why it made her all flushed and tingly. Just embarrassment, she thought.

Brenda flinched a little as Kimiko's hands brushed against her tush, but slowly she relaxed as she felt the little fingers wiping away the last of the filth. "Ugh... that was so horrible... I hope I never have to serve detention with Mr. Johnson again," she said, her voice quavering. "And, and having to shit myself wasn't the worst part either..."

"I know what you mean," Kimiko said fervently, as she paused to lather up her hands again, letting the shower rinse the suds off Brenda's rear.

"Y-you do?" asked Brenda, looking around. "Oh, of course you do, you said he made you shit yourself twice..." Her voice dropped to a hoarse whisper. "Did he come in your hair too?"

"My chest," said Kimiko, pouting. "And he took off my bra first. Said I didn't need to wear a bra and stuff, too." Kimiko began to scrub down Brenda's thighs, her hands shaking as she relived that humiliating memory.

"Well, you don't," said Brenda, matter of factly. "I mean, they aren't that big, they'd hardly jiggle at all."

"I know," whimpered Kimiko, her face scrunching up as she sniffled. "But he, but he didn't need to say it. I mean, they're growing ..." She looked up at Brenda. "It's not fair. You're the same age as me, but you've got such nice breasts..."

At the sight of Kimiko's miserable expression, the words Well, tough shit, you flat-chested little kid floated through Brenda's head. But she didn't say them. She wasn't sure why. Maybe it was the compliment to her own breasts, which she was quite proud of herself. Or maybe... maybe it was the way Kimiko was so nice to her. People weren't often nice to Brenda. It felt strange. It felt good. Instead of insulting the girl as she normally would have done, she found herself kneeling down beside Kimiko and saying, "Well... actually, I'm probably a year older than you. I... I had to repeat third grade.

"Oh," said Kimiko, looking a little happier, a little less jealous now of her classmate's superior tits. "Oh, okay. I'm... I'm sorry to hear that."

Again Brenda was momentarily bewildered by Kimiko's show of sympathy. "It, it's no big deal," she said, shaking her head. "Are... are you done washing me?"

"N-no..." said Kimiko. "There, there's one more place I need to wash you..." And with that, Kimiko reached a sudsy hand between Brenda's legs.

"H-hey! What're you doing? That's, that's, that's my pussy you're reaching for!" Brenda exclaimed, leaning back.

Kimiko's hand froze in mid-grope, then pulled back. "S-sorry! Sorry! I'm sorry! I didn't mean to..." she said, and then she blinked. "But Bridget washed me there, when I came back from Mr. Johnson's detention all messy. It... it must be okay, right? She's a senior, she wouldn't do something like that if it wasn't okay..."

"Really? Your roommate did that to you?" Brenda asked. "Well... I guess it's okay..." She relaxed, and leaned forward on the balls of her feet, presenting herself to be washed. "But be gentle..."

"Y-you sure?" Kimiko swallowed. "Okay, then..." And Kimiko reached down again, her slippery fingers brushing against Brenda's sex, as the younger girl tried her best to remember exactly how Bridget had done it. Her touch was inexpert, uncertain - but Brenda's puffy lips were very sensitive after having pissy panties clinging to them all day, and the first touch made Brenda gasp. "Aaah! Gentler... gentler..."

"O-okay," Kimiko said, and eased back even more, barely brushing the reddened folds. Slowly the soap and water began to rinse away the stinging dried pee under Kimiko's ever-so-gentle caresses.

"Oh, god, that's so much better..." breathed Brenda. "I had no idea how itchy I was down there..."

"Mmmn..." murmured Kimiko, soaping up her hand again. "I'm glad..." she whispered. Her fingers hesitated for a moment, then she remembered Bridget's ministrations, and gently caressed the top of Brenda's slit, just under her dark pubic hair.

"Aaaahn..." moaned Bridget, swaying backward and breathing harder, making her breasts rise and fall. "Oh wow... that's... that's... do that again..."

Kimiko brightened up a bit. "Okay," she said, and caressed her again, a little more firmly this time, a soapy fingertip slipping between Brenda's folds and running along her sensitive clit.

"Nnnnghn..." Brenda's toes curled, and her legs spread apart. "It... it feels like when I play with myself..." she murmured hoarsely.

"Y-you play with yourself?" Kimiko asked uncertainly. "My mom always said that was dirty..." Kimiko's young, slender digits continued to brush along Brenda's pussy, still very gently.

Brenda chuckled wryly. "Don't be silly, Kimmy. There's nothing wrong with it, you know. I'd teach you, but... mmmn... it feels like this roommate of yours already did..."

Kimiko blushed. "Oh..." she said, embarrased, drawing her hand back as she realized that she was actually masturbating another girl.

"N-no, no, don't stop, Kimmy, don't stop..." Brenda said anxiously. "Please... it's just starting to feel good..."

"Well... if you don't mind..." said Kimiko hesitantly, and began to stroke Brenda's crotch again, trying to remember how Bridget had done it. Yes... rub up and down along there... now put a finger in... what was the other thing? Oh yes... Kimiko scooted a little closer, her own little breasts pressing against Brenda's side, as she reached over the other girl's shoulder and began to caress Brenda's chest.

"Oh, woooow..." moaned Brenda, her eyes rolling up in her head. "Woow... you learn fast, Kimmy... that's so nice..." And because Brenda was used to having her own hands busy when her pussy was being played with, one free hand began to feel around behind her, groping fitfully between Kimiko's legs until she found the younger girl's own slit.

"B-brenda, I... mmmn..." gasped Kimiko, her blush redoubling, but she could hardly object, could she? Not while she had her own hand between Brenda's legs... but the pleasure distracted Kimiko, and her fingers began to fumble along Brenda's sex, as if they'd forgotten where the clit was.

"N-no, Kimmy... up at the top... that's it... yeah..." Brenda coached, even as she began to finger-fuck her former teasing victim, groaning in pleasure as Kimiko's inexpert fingers picked up the technique again.

"Nnnh..." Kimiko moaned, slowly rubbing her chest against Brenda's side as the desire overtook her, and she began to fondle Brenda's larger bosom more fervently, barely remembering through the haze of lust that she was supposed to caress the nipple with two fingers.

"Oh, god, Kimmy, yer an expert..." moaned Brenda, thrusting her hips against Kimiko's hand even as Kimiko had begun to press a second finger in. Kimiko wasn't prepared for this, but the motion pressed Brenda's swelling clit between the other girl's fingers, making the redhead squirm and writhe in pleasure.

"Buh, buh, Brenda..." blubbered Kimiko incoherently, quickly going wild with desire - her classmate's fingers actually knew their way around a girl's pussy better than Kimiko's did, and Kimiko forgot all the technique she'd learned from Bridget's tender molestation, and she leaned her slender body into Brenda's side, humping and grinding, her fingers now blindly fumbling around Brenda's sensitive places.

But Brenda was so close anyway, even Kimiko's now-clumsy groping felt delicious, and it wasn't a few seconds more before both girls were crying out in pleasure, squirming and writhing, both their slits flooding with sticky hot cream, before the two girls collapsed into a tangled heap of bodies, leaning against each other and panting as the shower water washed over them both.

"Oh, wow... I've... I've never done that with another girl before..." murmured Brenda, as Kimiko's head flopped against her shoulder.

"Yeah... wow..." murmured Kimiko. Then she blinked. "Um... does this mean, I mean, uh, when we... like just now..." she stuttered, bewildered and nervous even through the afterglow of her orgasm.

"Sssh... it's okay, Kimmy... there's nothing wrong with it..." said Brenda. And impulsively, she leaned down and kissed Kimiko full on the lips.

"Mmmh?" exclaimed Kimiko, as she found her lips enveloped all of a sudden. M-my first kiss? With a girl? wondered Kimiko. But it felt... right , somehow. Maybe it was just the orgasm talking, but... nothing that felt as good as this could be wrong, could it?

Eventually, Brenda broke off the kiss, blushing hotly herself. "Y-you won't tell anyone, will you?" said Brenda. "I mean, not that there's anything wrong with it, but... what was that?" she added suddenly, turning her head toward the shower curtain.

Kimiko blinked, still blushing, and looked at the curtain herself. Eventually she said, "I didn't see anything..."

"Me either," admitted Brenda. "I just thought I saw something move... oh, never mind," she said, turning toward Kimiko again. "At least I'm all clean now, right, Kimmy?" she went on, smiling. And then her face turned grey with horror and she started to tear up again. "Oh god... tomorrow..."

Kimiko sat up and hugged Brenda tight. "I know... I know... but I'll be there for you, right? I know, I know I can't help you during the day, but as soon as school's out, I'll help you clean up again, okay?"

Brenda clung to Kimiko, trembling in dread of spending another whole school day wetting and soiling herself. But eventually she relaxed, burying her face in Kimiko's shoulder. "Well... okay... but only if you clean me up the same way you did today, okay?"

Kimiko looked down at Brenda, pop-eyed... and then both of them collapsed in girlish giggles, clinging to each other like the lovers they'd somehow become, as the cleansing hot water poured over both of them.

Bridget sneaked quietly back out of the bathroom, giggling to herself, her footsteps obscured by the noise of the shower. So my adorable little roomie's already seduced someone, she thought. And this Brenda girl's a cutie, too. I'm almost jealous. Bridget grinned to herself as she heard the giggling erupt behind her. Maybe next time I can surprise them both, teach them a little more... But first, I'd better go look up who Brenda's roommate is. I don't want to go poaching on her turf... Bridget walked back to the dorm room, already plotting how she was going to further introduce her pretty young roommate into the wonders of sex... just like Bridget's roommate had done for her three years before.

*002*2011-05-08 23:28

Wow please do share the YouTube link if you can find it.

*006*2011-06-27 05:01

{{: 

Woah thats one long story! I cant believe i read that whole thing all at once, i think it was really good, some of it a bit odd, but we all like different fetishes so i suppose i shouldnt be picky. I liked part two far more than part one, and please if there is more to the story post it, just not in a new thread, continue on in the comments like most writters are doing with stories in multiple parts.

}}

I'm curious. Why do you like Part 2 better than Part 1? Any specific elements?

