It's Midnight Where I Am

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2021-05-12 14:03

"Can we stop at a gas station or something? I need to go to the bathroom?" I asked as casually as I could, while still making sure he heard me. I really needed to pee.

We'd been out, I don't really remember where. I'm sure it doesn't matter much.

He sighed softly and didn't look over. "We'll be at your place in half an hour, you can wait."

I didn't want to fight. And at the time, I figured I probably *could* wait. I hadn't wet myself since elementary school. I had asked that time as well. But I wasn't sure that I could hold on, so I asked. I'm selfish, but I really, really hate to ask.

Probably twenty minutes later, something like that, I started to feel wet between my legs. Which was obviously panic inducing.

I don't think so great sometimes. I started blaming him for my misjudgements. "How could he put me through this?", "How could he just ignore me?". I started to tear up as I slowly leaked pee into my leggings. I remember thinking it'd serve him right if I just peed on his seat. So stupid.

And then I did. It was just a momentary lapse in judgement, but it felt so good for a moment to not be holding on that it got the best of me. I wasn't even finished before I regretted letting go but I'd already peed so much that it didn't make sense to stop.

I'd pissed myself. In my husband's car. All through his seat.

I was terrified he would notice. Smell it. That it would soak through the saturated foam and start dripping at my feet. I don't think I moved a muscle the rest of the way home. Ten minutes maybe. I was just trying to think of a way out. I had on black leggings and it was dark. I could go straight to the bathroom and clean myself up, don't walk too near him. The car... I could take first thing in the morning to get detailed. Call it a random surprise. I could, just possibly, get away with this without him ever finding out.

When we pulled into the carport I waited for him to get out first, pretended I was looking for something in my handbag. I wanted to follow him inside.

We'd got a few steps from the car when he doubled back.

"Did you forget something?" I asked, wanting to vomit. "I can get it?"

"Nah, It's cool." He smiled at me, opened the door and leaned across my wet seat to fish something out of the console.

I wanted to disappear. Disintegrate. Die.

Went he stood back up I could see from his face, clenched jawline, cold sneer, that he had noticed the seat and was deciding on how best to hurt me.

"Did you piss in my car?" Not a question. I could feel the contempt for someone who would do such a thing dripping in every word.

"I'm sorry, I really tried, I'm so sorry." I hated myself for babbling, I hated the tears that were starting to choke me up.

"What the fuck!? What the *absolute* fuck!? What is *wrong* with you?" He keeps going, getting meaner, getting louder, and I stop hearing. I know that I deserve it, but I'm too upset to concentrate.

I want him to leave. I want him to forgive me.

He gets in the car and winds down all the windows. I rush back over to the car. I was further away than I was.

"You're going?" Pleading with him not to leave me.

"I need to clean the car, don't I?" He said, all ice and judgment. "Don't stay up."

He didn't wait for me to take my hands off the door to accelerate.

I go inside. Throw out my clothes. Take a shower as hot as I can stand. Scrub my thighs with a nail brush till they bleed. The shame stays, clinging and cold.

I go to bed and stare at my phone for hours. It doesn't ring. The front door doesn't open. I fall fast asleep around four.

Are you as sad as me now?

*002*2021-05-13 13:02

{{19 hours ago, Manowar said:

Oh Gods, Katy it is not an autobiography, is it? It is very sad that husband would behave like that...

Your stories are more than welcomed but I miss the ones with... you know... optymistic Katy!

}}

Oh totally fiction!

No worries about me I'm totally happy. Just sometimes write unsexy sad

*004*2021-05-17 13:04

{{On 5/14/2021 at 12:54 PM, AliasnameTO said:

Wow. Great writing of course, and a cute/realistic scenario, but it's tough to imagine having married someone who would treat their spouse the way that husband does. And he stopped her from going in the first place! My wife and I have our issues but I am infinitely thankful that level of harshness is quite unlikely.

I gather from Tumblr that some people are into being berated and humiliated like that though, so thanks for sharing.

}}

Thanks!

For the record, my personal preferences do not run that way *at all*. Though I know some people quite like it :)

And it was a bit of something a little bit different for me to write. But... prolly not again :P

*006*2021-05-22 14:43

{{On 5/21/2021 at 8:44 PM, Flush said:

This story is like a peppermint. Cold, hard, but refreshing. I love it.

Keep doing what you do, WaityKaty; it's always a pleasure to taste the newest flavour in your candy shop.

}}

Thank you so much! I was going for cold and hard exactly. Brittle.

The protagonist has been staying in my head, even after writing a story about her. So I've decided to remix it into a caramel. More up my alley. See below.

###

"Can we stop at a gas station or something? I need to go to the bathroom?"

I wanted to ask. I really wanted to ask, but I couldn't make myself say the words. I really needed to pee.

We'd been out, I don't really remember where. I'm sure it doesn't matter much.

At the time, I figured I probably could wait. I'd wet myself in a car once before, but ever since I'd been paranoid of it happening again and I'd often felt like I needed to pee when I really didn't. I'm selfish, but I really, really hate to ask. Especially if I'm not sure I really need to.

Probably twenty minutes later, something like that, I started to feel wet between my legs. Which was obviously panic inducing.

I don't think so great sometimes. I started blaming her for my misjudgements. "Why hasn't she asked how I am? I haven't spoken in half an hour!", "Why is she just ignoring me?". I started to tear up as I slowly leaked pee into my leggings.

And then I was more than leaking. It was just a momentary lapse in concentration, but it felt so good for a moment to not be holding on that it got the best of me. I wasn't even finished before I regretted not trying to stop but I'd already peed so much that it didn't make sense to not just finish going.

I'd pissed myself. Again. In my girlfriend's car. All through her seat.

I was terrified she would notice. Smell it. That it would soak through the saturated foam and start dripping at my feet. I don't think I moved a muscle the rest of the way home. Ten minutes maybe. I was just trying to think of a way out. I had on black leggings and it was dark. I could go straight to the bathroom and clean myself up, don't walk too near her. The car... I could take first thing in the morning to get detailed. Call it a random surprise. I could, just possibly, get away with this without her ever finding out. I felt so stupid and *so* embarrassed.

When we pulled into the carport I waited for her to get out first, pretended I was looking for something in my handbag. I wanted to follow her inside.

We'd got a few steps from the car when she doubled back.

"Did you forget something?" I asked, voice shaking. "I can get it?"

"Nah, It's cool." She smiled at me, opened the door and leaned across my wet seat to fish something out of the console.

I wanted to disappear. Disintegrate. Die.

Went she stood back up I could see from her face, soft eyes, lax jaw, that she had noticed the seat and was deciding on how to approach me.

"Did you have an accident?" Not a question. I could feel undeserved sympathy dripping in every word.

"I'm sorry, I really tried, I'm so sorry." I hated myself for babbling, I hated the tears that were starting to choke me up.

"Babe! It's OK. I'm not mad. These things happen!" She kept going, getting gentler, getting softer, and I stopped hearing. I knew that I didn't deserve it. I was too upset to concentrate.

I wanted her to leave. I wanted to let her forgive me.

She walked over to me. I was further away than I was.

"You're staying?" Pleading with her not to leave me.

"Of course I'm staying..." She said, all velvet and heart. "I love you."

She didn't wait for me to respond before putting her arms around me and pulling herself close, headless of getting her clothes wet. She kissed my wet eyes.

We went inside. Put my clothes in the washer. I took a shower while she sat on the bathroom floor and chatted to me about mindless things. I was still embarrassed. She could tell.

"I'll always stop if you ask me to. OK? But also, it doesn't matter. I won't tell anyone. I'll say it was my elderly Great Aunt when I get the car cleaned." She smiled at me and I at last believed her.

We went to bed and she lay with her heat against my back, hand on my hip. I fell fast asleep.

