Olivia's Rush

Author: Whpwhp

*000*2020-01-12 22:55

So hey guys this is my first post. I'm really into Omorashi and i hope my first story is at least readable XD.

Olivia slammed on the brakes as she came towards a red light. She needed to get home quick.

She had just been at work and had put off going to the toilet until the very end of the day only to find them out of order. She had grabbed her laptop and hurried to her car, dreading the hour drive home.

She fidgeted with the seatbelt that dug into her bladder. She had never been this desperate before. Her Bladder ached. Her legs trembled and clenched together as she shot off again down the road. Unable to sit still she put one of her hands into her crotch to avoid any leaking.

Finally after a treacherous hour drive she had made it back home. She was shaking in fear of wetting her blue panties right there in her car. She got out the car and rushed over to the building. As she got to the main door to the building she dived into her purse for her fob. She quickly bent over as a small spurt of pee trickled out of her and into her panties.

She grabbed her fob and smacked it onto the scanner. She burst through the door and sprinted to the elevator holding herself under her black skirt. Pressing the button frantically she squirmed until the doors started to close. A man ducked into the lift before the doors closed and pushed the button leading to the floor just below hers.

She stood there trying to stay still as he hummed along to the song playing in the lift. She had taken her hand out of her skirt and was now as stiff as a board trying to clench her muscles to stop any leaking. Despite her efforts, the lack of help from her had took its toll and a small leak trickled down her leg. She tried to stop the leak but couldnt no matter how hard she tried.

The elavator stopped and the man got out. Her hand shot to her crotch and provided aid for her fatiguing muscles. She stopped the small leak but her panties were already rather wet. The elavator stoppped again and she shot out. She reached her door and grabbed her key. She thrust it into the hole and to her relief it turned without a problem. She sprinted to her bathroom in her flat with both hands pressing tightly on her wet panties. She grabbed the handle but it didn't turn.

"Josh! Are you in there please can you let me in!? I really need the toilet!" she shouted as another leak trickled down her leg.

"Yeah im in here, cant it wait though? kinda in the middle of something here" He replied. She bent over with all her body in an effort to hold it in.

"No it can't seriously please let me in" A spurt of pee splashed into her panties and trickled through her finger onto the floor.

"Hold on a minute" He replied again. Another Spurt.

"No please now!! I'm peeing! I can't hold it back... I...I'm trying but... but oh no please!" She cried as the slow trickle grew harder and harder. "Josh I'm wetting myself! Please open the door!" But it was too late. She was peeing full force into her skirt and onto the floor.

The door opened as she fell to the floor peeing more and more. She cried as her boyfriend picked her up and hugged her. She was still peeing.

Okayyyyy pls dont judge that too harsh but feedback would be great :))

