First Person Wetter

Author: Wettingfan

*000*2013-01-18 04:50

Time is short. You look at the bell.

3:05.

Ten minutes until the end of the day.

Ten minutes until you can relax, and go to the bathroom.

But also, ten minutes more of the worst science room in existence. Fish tanks, water devices, liquids, everywhere!

You look down at your jean shorts. Perfect, sexy denim, that curves nicely around you. You look up again, to the front of the room.

Mr. Kiji is giving the last of his science lecture. No leaving during his lectures, he almost got a kid expelled for just leaving.

You're a big girl, you can hold a little pee. Then you think back to lunch, only two periods earlier. Three cans of coke from the vending machine.

So maybe it was more like a lot of pee.

You shift your legs, not wanting to squeeze your crotch in fear of others seeing you. But if you were alone, or no guys were staring at the hottest girl in the school (You), both hands would be in your crotch, trying to contain the heavy amount of pee that so desperately wanted out.

Suddenly, you feel wet. Just a little.

You look down and see a small drop of pee dripping out of your denim.

'Noooo...' You whisper silently.

Your front row desk has almost all eyes on it, as the guys in the class eye your amazing body, uknowing that everything below the waist is about to be soaked.

You look down again- now a small puddle of urine soaking into your denim, and you can feel it warming your crotch.

You wave your dark hair out of your face, then do up two more buttons on your plaid blouse.

Whining a little bit, you finally resort to both hands on your lap, but now you know everything you do is futile.

Within the next fifteen minutes, you know you won't make it. But you've lost track of time.

You look down at your phone, pulling it slightly out of your pocket to check the time.

3:14

Your desperation managed to take up ten minutes.

Then, the bell rings. You shove your binder into your bag, and make a break for it. Suddenly, the unthinkable happened.

" Why is there water on your seat, young lady? " Asks Mr. Kiji.

" Wait.. This isn't water.. "

You turn around, and give in.

Your bladder can no longer do this, and it explodes, right infront of the classroom door.

The warm pee circles around your crotch, then makes its way out of your denim, down your thighs, over your kneecaps, into your shoes, then onto the tiled ground.

Another stream takes an alternate route, going around to your amazing ass, wetting it completely.

Your shorts and panties are ruined.

And now the janitor and you have some cleaning to do.

