Jake's Soaking Roadtrip

Author: WetGuyUK95

*000*2024-10-24 10:54

Jake was a fairly typical 19 year old, just about 6 foot tall, sandy hair, slim build, boyish features. He had just finished his first year at uni and was driving the 3-4 hours home. As this was a hot August day Jake was sporting a white vest, grey sweatshorts, white briefs, grey socks, and running trainers.

Jake stopped a couple of times on the way, once at a McDonalds where he wolfed down a big Mac and a large coke. Second time just at a petrol station to fuel up, where he picked up a six pack of coke cans for the road. He spent most of the drive after the petrol station drinking coke and singing along to his favourite playlist. Before he knew it, he was most of the way home and had gotten through 5 of the six coke cans.

About 5-10 minutes from home he hit traffic. He wasn't too worried initially, figuring it would add a bit of time to his journey. But after a few minutes, the traffic ground to a halt. It was at this point that Jake realised he needed to piss, and really badly. Singing along to music whilst he drove had made the journey fly by, but had also distracted him from his bladder.

Jake started fidgeting in his seat, grabbing his dick through his sweatpants pocket and squeezing. He figured he needed to distract himself so kept listening to music.

After half an hour without his car moving an inch he started to panic a little. He realised that he might be stuck in traffic for a long time, and he might not be able to hold it long enough.

Jake started to think of solutions to his problem. His car was stopped in the outer lane of a motorway, so he couldn't just quickly dash to the verge. He had coke cans, but no actual bottles, and he wasn't sure how well the coke cans would handle the torrent of piss he needed to unleash. Jake figured he was 19 and should be able to just hold it. He wasn't a kid anymore, and hadn't had an accident since he was 12. He kept moving in his seat, pinching his dick, but tried again to distract himself from his growing desperation.

After another half an hour Jake was in pain, grimacing and shifting constantly, feet no longer on the peddles as he tightly crossed his legs. He was bouncing up and down in the driver's seat trying to get some relief for his overfull and aching bladder. He considered letting out a little piss into his white briefs intentionally just to relieve the pressure but thought against it.

The next 30 minutes passed slowly for Jake as he came to terms with the fact he really might not make it. How embarrassing it would be for him to wet himself at 19, having to change into dry clothes at his childhood home. He'd be mortified if anyone found out, especially his parents and younger brother. Nearly an hour and forty minutes into the standstill traffic, Jake let out a quick hissing spurt of piss onto his white briefs. He hadn't meant to, but he was so desperate by this point he couldn't really stop himself. A small wet spot appeared on the front of his sweatshorts where the piss had spurted out into his white briefs. Jake was mortified that he'd even wet himself a little bit, but did feel a little better after the relief of peeing, even just a bit.

Another 15 minutes passed. Jake had leaked a couple more small spurts and the wet spot had grown to the size of a closed fist. He realised he had to go now or he was going to flood his briefs and sweatpants. He opened his car door a crack, with the intention of just pissing out of his car, hoping no-one would notice. At this exact moment however, the car in front of his started moving. Jake felt panic and hope in equal measure; no relief right now but he might make it home without an accident!

He closed his door, turned on his car, and started driving. He realised pretty quickly that the traffic was moving very slowly, and what's worse wasn't stopping. After about 5 minutes of 5 mile an hour driving he hadn't gotten far and realised he wasn't going to make it. He couldn't get out of the driver's seat, couldn't get to the edge of the road, and he was grabbing himself through the front of his sweatpants with an iron grip. He couldn't even cross his legs as he needed to work the peddles.

The traffic eased up a little, requiring Jake to shift up in gear and that was the last straw. As soon as his left hand moved from squeezing his dick the floodgates finally opened. He started pissing all out into his white briefs, his sweatshorts, his car seat. He pissed so much that it overflowed his seat and dripped onto the floor and soaked his socks and shoes. Even his vest got wet from the sheer torrent of piss hissing from his dick. All the while he had to focus on driving home. After a full minute of pissing full force he finally managed to stop. He fell immense relief initially, finally he'd relieved his bladder. That relief pretty quickly turned to shame as he realised he'd had an accident as an adult. His car seat was absolutely soaked, and his sweatpants competently dark grey from piss except for the top sides.

Twenty minutes of slow driving and sitting in his piss soaked clothes, Jake finally got off the motorway. Without a change of clothes, he decided to go to the supermarket and buy some rather than face the embarrassment of admitting his accident at home.

Walking through the store after he'd very obviously wet himself was one of the most embarrassing experiences of his life. The Asda was pretty busy and he got lots of odd looks. He bought a new tshirt, some sweatpants, and cleaning wipes for his car. He changed into the new clothes in his car, going commando rather than buying more briefs. He put his old clothes in the shopping bag, hoping to clean them later.

He arrived home, therefore, in wet trainers with no socks, commando in sweatpants and a new t-shirt. His family were never the wiser, but plenty of strangers had seen him soaked. He'd wiped down and dried the car seat as much as he could, but from that day onwards there was a faint pee stain that he could never get out.

