Shauna, The Reading Rabbit, and I

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2017-10-03 02:05

This story was originally an interactive titled "The Library: A Choose Your Own Omorashi Adventure". It's edited for the fiction board, but is 90% the same story if you've already read it. I do still have an interactive sequel planned but am currently running a different stand-alone interactive One Last Time: A Choose Your Own Omorashi Adventure

I glanced at the clock flickering in the middle of my peeling dashboard as I pulled up in front of the school; 8:37. Fuck. I was meant to meet Shauna in the library seven minutes ago. Like most teachers she has a real thing about punctuality and I only volunteered to wear the Reading Rabbit outfit to impress her in the first place. Shauna was the best thing about Starkweather; sweet, kind, genuinely helpful, and as sexy as hell. I jumped at the chance to spend time with her out of school. Well, sort of out of school. The book fair was still on school property, technically. But it was a Saturday and no one was getting paid.

I really needed to buy an actual alarm clock, though I actually still haven't. I'm a very deep sleeper and my phone just isn't loud enough to reliably wake me up. I filed it on my mental list of things I should get around to one day but probably never will. I woke up 42 minutes later than I had intended that day. There was no time for a shower or a shave, not even time for a real breakfast. I just threw on the first clothes I could find in my closet; blue cotton boxers, black shoes and socks, blue jeans, check shirt, and ran for the car. I drank a breakfast milkshake in a box while driving at ten miles over the speed limit.

The front door to the school was unlocked and propped open, Shauna's had probably been there for hours setting up. I already knew where the library was since I'd been on placement at Starkwater for four weeks at that stage, but handwritten signs would have reminded me anyway. As I power-walked down the South corridor toward the library the staff restrooms were to my right. I hadn't noticed earlier in my panicky rush but I actually needed a pee quite a lot. Thinking back I'm pretty sure I didn't use the bathroom before I tore out of the house that morning. I paused slightly, indecisive. Walking by a restroom when you need to go is never advisable, especially with my history of pants-wetting, and I didn't want to make a decision I would end up regretting. But if I went now I'd be even later meeting Shauna, which was certainly not going to help my chances with her. And I figured I could surely just have a pee after I picked up the rabbit costume.

So I skipped the restroom and hurried through the the double doors that lead to the library. It wasn't a great move.

The Starkwater school library isn't a good library; water-stained ceiling, a few thousand books, most at least ten years old, many considerably older than that, half a dozen desktop computers with sticky keyboards, all running Windows XP, and a stained and threadbare "alphabet rug" with half the letters worn completely away. That day half a dozen tables had been dragged in from somewhere and were covered with new books. Apparently some publishing house was giving the school library a cut of whatever we manage to sell. Honestly it sounded like a scam to me, get Shauna to sell books for free on the weekend so the school maybe gets some money. But the school did clearly need the money.

The librarian was simultaneously pleased and furious to see me. "You're late!" Her tone was the kind she uses on children who are late to class, but she was smiling, so I didn't feel too bad. She dragged a white pile of fluffy fabric out from behind the checking desk. "The Reading Rabbit costume. You can put it on in my office." Shauna motioned to a door behind the counter. "Be quick about it though. The kids should be here in the next fifteen minutes and we don't want them to see you without your rabbit head on."

I hadn't considered that I would be putting on the costume in her office. I realized at that point that I probably should have used the restroom when I had the chance. I thought about making up for that mistake by going now, but since Shauna wasn't likely to be too thrilled about me leaving the library again I decided to just put on the costume.

I carried the Reading Rabbit costume awkwardly into Shauna's office and closed the door behind me. It wasn't a big room. A tiny but neatly kept desk with a laptop sat under a grimy window. A humming computer server took up fully half the room. Untied cables snaked around, taking up still more space. A case of water bottles prevented the door from opening all the way. Shauna must be one of those girls really into hydration. I considered what to do next. Are you meant to take your clothes off before you put on a costume like this? Because if I wasn't meant to do that, and I did, that would be super weird. But if I was meant to undress first Shauna was going to think I was an idiot.

I took off my shoes but decided to just put the rabbit costume on over my clothes. I had trouble reaching the zip at the back and nearly dislocated my shoulder reaching around, eventually I managed. With the rabbit head on I had tunnel vision and felt a little unbalanced. I walked back out into the library proper.

"Look at you!" Shauna gushed. "The kids are going to love you!"

She pulled my head off. "OK. So it gets really hot in that suit. Last year the intern nearly passed out on me. Let me know if you need to duck into my office and take your head off. There are water bottles in my office so you can stay hydrated, but you better have one before you start."

Shauna passed me an unopened bottle from behind the checking desk and started drinking a bottle herself. I wasn't too sure about this; I already needed to pee pretty badly and didn't particularly fancy adding more liquid to my bladder. But on the other hand Shauna said that it gets really hot in the suit and I'd put it on over a pair of jeans. I was worried that if I got dehydrated and needed to take lots of breaks, or particularly if I fainted, that wasn't going to impress Shauna at all. So I drank the entire bottle of water Shauna gave me while she buzzed around the library straightening already straight piles of books. When I finished she helped me get my rabbit head on straight and chocked the library doors open with triangular chunks of wood.

There was a fairly regular flow of students and their parents throughout the next hour. I spent most of the time either reading books to six-year-olds or posing for photographs with the same children. They all seemed very excited by the Reading Rabbit. I wondered if it might be an actual character from somewhere rather than just a former High School mascot costume the publisher decided would make a good spokes-rabbit for them. I was so busy that when Shauna led me to her office because "Reading Rabbit just needs a little rest" I was surprised that the book sale was already more than half over.

"Are you doing OK in there?" Shauna smiled at me as she pulled off my head.

"Oh yeah. Sure." The sudden touch of fresh air felt wonderful and cool. I was suddenly aware of how hot it had gotten inside the suit.

"Great! We are selling so many books this morning. We might finally be able to update our reference section this year!"

Shauna bent over the case of water bottles near her door. I felt a stir of arousal as her dress slid up the back of her thighs nearly as far as her panties. I contemplated asking her out after the book fair. Would she feel obliged because I did her a favor today? Because maybe I should wait in that case...

"Here." She shoved a bottle into my hands. "I'll be back in ten."

As I unscrewed the bottle lid and took the first mouthful of cool refreshing water my need to pee returned with a vengeance. I've always been a bit like that, able to forget about my bladder through busyness only to become abruptly desperate when something reminded me of my situation. I wondered if maybe I should ask Shauna if I can go to the restroom when she gets back? I cringed a bit at the idea, after all I was in my twenties! Asking to go to the toilet is embarrassing. Still, not as embarrassing as wetting myself in front of Shauna would be. It was safe to say there would never be any dates were that to happen. I figured that maybe I could just mention the restrooms without actually asking? She might get the hint?

I drank the rest of my water and paced the floor waiting for Shauna's return, trying to decide what my next move was going to be.

"Ready to get back out there?" Shauna seemed harried. She had my head in her hands before I could get a word in edge-ways.

"Sure. Though I was thinking about maybe just ducking to the restroom first?" I tried not to make it sound like I was asking permission but I could hear the question mark slither out of my mouth unbidden.

She seemed surprised. "Oh. Of course! Only it takes a while to get you in and out of the costume and we only have half an hour left in the book fair. Can you wait that long?"

It isn't quite a plea but she clearly wanted me to say yes. I didn't want to disappoint Shauna and it would have been embarrassing to say I couldn't wait. And it probably wasn't even the case. So I told Shauna that of course I could wait till the book fair is over.

She helped me get my head put back on straight and ushered me back out into the library itself. The littler kids were excited to see my return. I, on the other hand, were beginning to feel the effects of that last bottle of water and was starting to realize that I might have made a mistake.

I found myself increasingly unable to stand still and mostly just walked around the library. The library clock, a five-dollar black and white cliche from Walmart, seemed to slow down. At one point I started to wonder if it might not be broken. With ten minutes left before the scheduled finish the tip of my penis started to throb alarmingly. This wasn't a good sign at all. I knew what that could mean. Visions of abruptly losing all control and helplessly soaking my rabbit suit right there in front of a dozen people flickered through my head.

Would it even soak through? Or would I be left knowing I couldn't possibly get away with what I'd done and dreading the inevitability of Shauna finding out. Would she keep it a secret? Or, oh God, would she tell the rest of the staff. Could I even bear to finish my internship with everyone whispering about how I wet myself at the book fair? Why didn't I just pee earlier? But even though there was a real chance of disaster I still couldn't bring myself to tell Shauna that I couldn't wait and that I needed to go now.

It was five frustrating minutes past the end of the book fair when Shauna finished the last sale and I pulled my head off. I opened my mouth to tell her that I was going to go to the bathroom when I heard a voice from behind me.

"How are my weekend volunteers going? Did the fair go well? Many books sold?" Mrs Taylor. The principal. A matronly woman in her '50s. All business, she even makes the staff call her Mrs Taylor.

Shauna responded with her sales figures but I couldn't pay attention. All my energy had to be spent keeping myself from gushing everywhere. I wanted to go to Shauna's office and start pulling off my costume. I wanted to just run to the bathroom, I could take the suit off there. I badly wanted to hold myself with my hand, but not only was my suit far too thick I could hardly hold my cock in front of Shauna and Mrs Taylor!

There was nothing I could do except wait politely and hope my body didn't carry through on its promises and decide to let me down at any moment.

"Sorry?" Mrs Taylor had said something to me twice. I didn't hear her either time.

"I said," she repeated peevishly, "Thank you for coming in on your weekend to help the school out. I'm sure it'll reflect well on you come evaluation."

"Thank you mam. Sorry, it's a bit hot in this costume." I explained why I wasn't paying attention with a lie.

"Well I won't keep the two of you any longer." She smiled at me though. Whether or not I won points with Shauna I had at least won some credit with the principal. Which was good for entirely different reasons.

The moment Mrs Taylor was out of earshot Shauna hissed to me, "Can you mind the library for five minutes? I'm so sorry, I'm literally about to wet my pants." She actually bent at the waist and pressed her crotch through her dress to emphasize the point. I did try to say something but she wasn't listening, she was already too busy power-walking through the library doors.

Even though if I had been honest with myself I knew I quite possibly couldn't wait five minutes, and certainly not much longer than that. I definitely couldn't just stand around waiting. I wondered if Shauna would really mind if I just followed her to the bathrooms? The men's obviously, not the ladies'.

I decided to wait for her in the library as trying to take the suit off inside the bathroom would probably be a mistake, it's pretty cramped in there. Still, my bladder felt like it was about to explode. As in I was literally about to lose control at any given moment. I could feel an alarming cramping sensation and the tip of my penis was tingling like crazy. It brought back horrible memories of every other time I've been caught short: this is how I feel in the minutes before an accident.

I pulled off my rabbit head and laid it on the checking counter and then reached around between my shoulder blades to pull down the zipper for the suit itself. It stuck and I lost my grip on the zipper tag. A particularly powerful urge to pee seized me and I marched on the spot for a few seconds to try and hold on a little longer. I longed to squeeze myself with my hand but the suit was too thick at the crotch for that to be possible. I reached around for the zipper again and held on to it as tightly as I could. It still wouldn't budge.

If I was thinking clearly I would just have left it for Shauna to help me with when she got back, but I was simply too desperate to pee and too eager to get out of the suit for that. So I reefed on the zipper with all my might. At first it resisted me, but then, all of a sudden, it quickly unzipped a few inches before jamming again. The shock of the sudden movement threw me off balance and I lurched against the checking counter. To my horror I felt myself starting to pee. It was only half a second before I managed to stanch the flow, but during that half a second I lost a sizable spurt.

It'll be OK, I assured myself. Even if it was enough to soak though my underwear, I was wearing jeans. I was well aware that the first few small leaks are usually absorbed without showing. The bigger problem was if I was going to be able to keep from losing the rest of my pee before Shauna got back.

I started power-walking laps of the library. Walking has always always helped me when I'm desperate for the toilet. I can't remember ever wetting myself so long as I have been able to keep walking. Stopping is a different story though. And I was certainly going to have to stop so Shauna could help me with the rest of the zip.

I tried not to look at the clock but I really couldn't resist. The minutes passed like decades. What was taking Shauna so long? Maybe she ran into Mrs Taylor in the hall? That was the last thing I needed! But just as I started to lose all hope Shauna pushed open the library door and hurried over to me.

"Sorry sorry!" She frowns, "I thought you'd have been bursting to get out of that suit by now."

"The zipper has jammed on me." You explain. "And actually... I really need to go to the bathroom."

Shauna gave me a quick look of horror, her blue eyes wide. "That's right! You've had to go for ages! I'm so sorry, it completely slipped my mind!"

"We'll have you out in no time." She said reassuringly, "Just let me have a look at the zipper."

Shauna stood behind me to work on the zipper. I closed my eyes and tried to think dry thoughts and not move around too much. "Just a few more minutes" I repeated to myself internally. Standing still was, as always, making it even harder to hold on.

I could feel Shauna intermittently tugging at the zipper between my shoulder blades, "Some of the fur has got caught in the teeth. It's completely jammed." She was talking out loud but as much to herself as to me. "I don't really want to damage the suit. The publisher might make us pay for the damage."

"It's going to get damaged either way in a minute." I felt myself blushing at my admission and was glad Shauna was still behind me.

"Oh... OK... I'd better go get the scissors then." She went behind the checking desk and gave me a tight smile of sympathy before ducking down to rustle around beneath the counter.

A powerful surge of desperation struck me and I couldn't help leaking a little. Instinctively I looked down at my crotch but I certainly didn't pee enough to soak through the costume. My jeans were another issue though. My crotch was feeling worryingly warm and wet, there may well be a visible wet patch. Hopefully she just wouldn't look there. People don't do they?

"Found them!" Shauna held up a large pair of heavy scissors for me to see as she stood up. She must have seen the urgency and discomfort on my face because she all but ran over to me and began to tinker with the zipper.

"I just need to cut this bit of fur loose." She mumbled before pulling the zipper up and down with unexpected force. I leaked again. Longer and harder than before. I had to squeeze my muscle twice before I managed to cut off the stream. My bladder badly wanted me to just give up but my brain was resisting with all the willpower I could muster.

"Got it!" Shauna announced in triumph. And suddenly she was in front of me, her face six inches from mine as she pulled the heavy fabric arms off of my arms. It was quicker than if I had done it myself. Before I could even consider that it would be a problem, much less think of a way to stop her, she was crouching in front of me; helping me step out of the suit and tossing it aside.

"Oh!" I heard her exclaim in surprise. I looked down to see her still crouching in front of me, her eyes level with my crotch. My eyes flicked to my jeans, heart stained with dread. They, as I had suspected, were obviously stained at the front and between my legs, the wet patch on the denim was obvious next to those still dry parts. A single tongue of wetness licked down my right thigh. She definitely knew that I had started to wet myself.

And so as far as my body was concerned there wasn't any point holding back the rest any longer. I did make a brief effort to stop peeing but I couldn't seem to bring myself to care. It was already too late to keep Shauna from finding out so there wasn't much point putting myself through any more pain.

I watched my crotch begin to glisten with wetness and pee starting to rush down my legs but I closed my eyes after a second and let it happen. I heard rather than saw Shauna stand up. On one level the relief was incredible, indescribable. On another I was devastated. Not only would there not be any date with Shauna now, she was probably going to tell all the other teachers. From now on I was always going to be that intern who wet himself. I wanted the floor to open up and swallow me.

At length I realized that I had finally stopped peeing. I had to open my eyes.

Shauna was still standing in front of me. I wished I was better at reading faces. She was embarrassed for me, certainly. Maybe sympathetic? Or disgusted? Amused?

I felt the need to get away, away from the scene of my disgrace and away from the woman who witnessed it. But should I just walk out without a word? Should I at least clean up?

I decided that I should probably try and make a joke to break the silence but I couldn't seem to remember how to make sounds with my mouth. It was perplexing. Luckily Shauna talked for me.

"I'm so, so sorry. It's entirely my fault." She reached forward to touch my arm and apologized. "No one will ever find out. Don't worry."

It was reassuring that she wasn't planning to gossip. Sort of. I didn't really know her well enough to feel entirely comfortable.

"At least the Reading Rabbit is OK." I eventually offered with a motion toward the crumpled form on the floor.

Shauna smiled. "Yep. Thank goodness we got that off. That would have been a nightmare to explain wouldn't it?" She looked at the wet stain I had left on her rug. "Don't worry about the rug. It will clean up fine. I'll borrow some of the desiccant from the cleaners room. No worries at all. Oh wait! How are you getting home?"

"I drove in." I say relieved I hadn't gotten up early enough to have ridden my bike.

"Great. Just hang out here for a bit while I check Mrs Taylor isn't still around somewhere. You would not want to run into her right now." Shauna stuck out her tongue a little. "Or ever."

Shauna disappeared for a few minutes. She didn't seem to put out, which was good. But I certainly wasn't going to ask her out while wearing soaked jeans. I felt a little numb. I gathered up my keys, phone, wallet, and shoes from her office. I didn't put the shoes on. My legs were starting to get a little cold.

She came back with a bucket of desiccant and put it down on the floor next to the wet patch. "Coast is clear." She said while holding the library door open for me.

The two of us walked down the hall together, my heart beating a little faster at every creak and crack from the building that someone was going to step out and surprise me.

"How are you going?" She asked a little awkwardly. I wasn't sure how to respond. "Because, you know, it isn't a big deal. It happens to everyone sometimes."

I wasn't so sure about that and told her so. She gave a little laugh, "Well to lots of people anyway."

By this stage we had reached the front door to the school and I was psyching myself up for a brisk and hopefully unnoticed walk back to my car when Shauna touched my arm again. "Hey?" She paused and then continued all in a rush. "I'd really like to make this up to you somehow and I remembered that Aliens is showing next Friday at Queens and I was thinking I might go and would you be interested at all?"

*002*2017-11-18 13:39

{{18 hours ago, Manowar said:

Hey how it was possible that I haven't seen this story before? I read it when it was an interactive one but as a normal story it is also great.

}}

Thanks!

This one was always really meant to be a regular story. I ran it as an interactive as a request and choose to translate it into a regular story after the interactive was finished. That said the translation didn't really get great notices so I probably won't bother translating my other interactives.

