(Jenny Series) Extra large lemonade

Author: Wet19

*000*2019-07-19 00:24

Jenny, Megan and Katie went to the the mall for a bit of shopping. They browsed around the dozens and dozens of clothing stores, stuffed their faces at the food court, and even checkout the video game section at the electronics store. They were in a large clothing store, like the one Jenny used to work at, browsing through the racks. Megan was shuffling through some shirts on a rack while sipping her lemonade. She noticed Katie was looking around, but not looking at clothing racks, more like sneaking around and looking for people. She was tying to hide it, but Megan recognized the demeanor and slowly worked her way over to Katie.

"I know what you're doing." She mumbled softly to her daughter. Katie looked at her with a guilty face, them stammered "uh, I'm just looking for the restroom." Megan glanced around. The restrooms were actually pretty close by, only several meters away. "Come on." Megan mumbled again. She took Katie over by some larger racks near a wall, then mumbled to her "I'll keep watch, go ahead." Katie smiled slightly, and wasted no time on the opportunity. Megan kept watch while pretending to look at some pants hanging on a nearby rack, waiting for her 12 year old daughter to finish peeing her shorts.

When the splattering on the carpet died down, Megan mumbled "feel better?"

Katie responded "Yep!"

"Good, my turn. Keep watch." The request was superfluous as Katie was barely as tall as the racks and wouldn't spot someone coming until it was already too late. Megan knew this, however, and kept watch for herself while still pretending to look at the pants on the rack. While Katie had worn shorts and Jenny had worn jeans, Megan came prepared: she was wearing a summer dress with maroon boyshorts underneath and sandals. A stream of pee fell straight down between her legs and splattered on the carpet, spraying droplets all over her feet and ankles. She quickly became self conscious of how loud the splattering was in the relatively quiet store, so she put her legs together.

The pee rushed silently down her legs, over her feet and into the carpet. Her concentration slipped for a moment as she enjoyed her dirty habit a little too much. She exhaled a little harder, bit her lip, and long blinked. When she opened her eyes, she was startled by movement in her peripheral vision. She prepared to squeeze and halt the stream as turned her head to look. Her heart rate spiked and she sharply inhaled, then, she recognized it was Jenny. She fully relaxed and continued peeing full force down her legs. Jenny smiled slightly, but kept her gaze up so as not to give away Megan's act to any would-be onlookers. As Jenny got closer, she casually peered down, as if looking at the bag Megan was holding.

"Wow!" she exclaimed under her breath with wide eyes.

"What?" Megan asked quickly. She looked down at the floor and muttered "oh my gosh..." The wet spot on the floor Katie had left was reasonably sized. Megan's spot, however, was impressively and unexpectedly large. "Shit." She mumbled to Jenny.

"Maybe those extra large lemonades weren't a good idea after all." Jenny said softly, taking a quick glance around to make sure no one was nearby. "We should probably go." she added.

"Hold on..." Megan said "...almost done..." The streams down each of Megan's legs thinned, then turned into droplets, then she was finally finished. "Alright, let's make like a tit and bounce."

The three girls walked as inconspicuously as they could toward the door back into the mall corridor. Megan's sandals squeaked a barely audible sound as she walked and her legs were still quite obviously wet. Once they were out of the stored, they laughed.

"Holy shit mom!" Katie exclaimed.

"I know right!" Megan replied "I did not expect that much. Damn." They all chuckled, then Megan looked at Jenny and said "Your turn. The giant lemonades were your idea, you're not getting out of here without joining us." Jenny broke into a guilty grin.

"What?" Megan asked, looking at her suspiciously.

"I already went..." Jenny said in a guilty tone. Megan looked down at Jenny's pants, then back up at her. She stepped closer and said quietly "You're still dry. Did you wimp out and use the restroom?!?"

"No..." Jenny muttered. She lifted the front of her shirt slightly and pulled the waistband of her jeans forward. Megan looked down and saw that Jenny had cheated.

"OH!" Megan said more loudly than she had intended. She spoke quietly again "So you wore a diaper, then suggested we get these giant fucking lemonades? You set us up!" Megan was trying to be serious and look upset but in reality she was on the verge of busting into laughter and couldn't keep from chuckling as she spoke.

At this moment, Katie chimed in: "I think we should make her buy another lemonade and then stay here until she leaks." Megan looked proudly at her daughter, then said "Sounds fair to me!" They made their way back to the food court and watched as Jenny purchased another extra large 44 oz flavored lemonade. By this time Megan's legs and feet had dried, although her panties were still moist and now bit chilly. She didn't mind though, she got a certain thrill from walking around in such a public place with pee soaked panties under her dress.

"Now, no babying it. You'd better chug that thing down all within the next 20 minutes." Megan said as Jenny returned from the food counter. Jenny rolled her eyes as she took three large gulps from the straw.

An hour later, after walking through a few more stores, Jenny nudged Megan and gave her a slight nod. The store they were in was pretty empty, so they went to the back corner. Megan and Katie (who's shorts were now dry) watched as Jenny peed in her already wet diaper. They could hear the faint hissing, but visually there was nothing exciting. Jenny's face grew more and more red in proportion to how full she felt the diaper was. Her bladder was half empty, and so far no leaks. Three quarters empty, no leaks.

She sighed in relief as her bladder reached empty. Still no leaks. Megan looked Jenny in the eye with a large shit-eating grin from ear to ear. "More lemonade." She mumbled with the tone of a villain in a superhero movie. Jenny swallowed hard. Then it happened. She moved only a little, just shifting her stance a tiny bit, and suddenly a large wet spot erupted on the lower front of her crotch. It shot out with such force that Jenny's jeans were instantly wet down to her knee on one leg and a couple dozen drops of pee pattered on the tile floor. Jenny's mind instantly bounced from shy embarrassment to full on excitement.

She stared at Megan, breathing heavily. Her heart pounded, her body trembled, her clit demanded attention, it took all the willpower she had to not pin Megan to the wall and fuck her right there. She fidgeted with her hands as she resisted the urge to jam them down her pants and pleasure herself. She forgot, for a moment, that she was in a store, in a public mall, surrounded by hundreds of people. That she would have to walk nearly a quarter mile past teenagers, parents with children and old people to get to the car.

The rest of the world melted away for just a short moment as she stared into Megan's eyes, feeling the dirty deed she had just done for her lover, a deed most people would be disgusted by, but not Megan. She knew that once they got home they'd tearing each other's clothes off-- wait, got home got home! Jenny suddenly snapped back to reality. "Fuck" She thought silently to herself as she fully realized her situation. Her diaper had continued to leak some more and now her one leg was wet almost all the way to her ankle. She suddenly realized Megan was talking to her.

"Jenny, hello, earth to Jenny!" Megan said waving her hand in front of Jenny's face.

"Oops." Jenny said absent mindedly as she tried to process the situation.

"Good oops." Megan responded. "Put this on." Megan was holding out a skirt she had purchased earlier. It was full length, so it would cover all of Jenny's jeans.

"Oh my gosh, you're amazing!" Jenny said taking the skirt. She slipped it on and folded the tag into the waistband. It didn't really match her shirt well, but she didn't care at this point.

"Hey, are you girls alright?" The voice startled them. It was the employee who had been standing behind the counter near the front of the store when they walked in.

"Yeah, we're great, thanks!" Megan responded awkwardly.

"Alright, uh, let me know if you need anything." Jenny nearly had a heart attack. She suddenly realized the guy was in one of her college classes. She couldn't remember his name, and wasn't sure if he had recognized her or not. She hoped he hadn't. As he walked away, she mouthed "Let's go" and they left.

They made it to the car without any incident, although Jenny's diaper had leaked more. Her one leg was now more thoroughly soaked than before and her other was wet down to the knee. Before getting in the car, Jenny removed the skirt so she wouldn't get it wet. As she sat down in the passenger seat, her diaper squished and there was a loud rushing hiss as pee jetted out of the diaper leg holes, soaking the butt of Jenny's jeans and the seat (luckily Megan's car had faux leather seats, so liquid wouldn't ruin them). Megan watched the whole ordeal and laughed from the driver's seat. She pushed the button to start the car, but didn't go right away. Turns out, the extra large lemonade was still affecting her. She took a moment to pee herself in her seat, soaking her panties again and this time also her dress. Megan then drove home.

Megan and Jenny had started keeping a stash of towels in the garage to clean up car wettings. Megan tossed a towel over the car to Jenny and they both wiped their seats dry. Katie left a trail into the house. She began peeing her shorts as soon as she was out of the car and it streamed steadily down her legs as she walked into the house, through the kitchen and down the hall to her room. As soon as they were alone, Jenny pounced on Megan, kissing her ferociously. They stripped each other down piece by piece as they made their way down the hallway to the bedroom. Jenny's diaper was the last thing to come off as they closed the bedroom door.

